Devil's Hot Pots About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels to land the symbols in different combinations. As winning combinations are highlighted on the reels, a payout is awarded. Payline Rules This game includes 10 paylines in the base game. This game includes 20 paylines in Free Spins. The number of paylines played is fixed. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. Line wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right only on adjacent reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the payline cost of 10. Payout Rules Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins resulting from a spin. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. Devil Collect Symbol The Devil Collect is a wild symbol. Wilds can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. The Devil can substitute for all symbols except the Scatter symbols. The Devil Collect Symbol appears on any reel in the base game and Free Spins. This symbol walks on each spin, shifting to the nearest left or right reel. The Devil Collect Symbol disappears from the reels when walking to the left of the leftmost reel. The restored symbol will always appear on the nearest reel from its initial position. If the bet changes with the Devil Collect on the leftmost reel, it may disappear when restored. The Devil Collect Symbol persists for each bet level. Collect Hellfin Symbols The Devil treads the reels to grab flaming Hellfins to collect overall value. The Devil Collect Symbol awards the sum of the Hellfin symbol’s prize values. The Hellfin symbol appears on all reels. Hellfin’s value depends on a character’s size. Tiny Hellfin’s value ranges from 0.2x – 2x bet. Mini Hellfin’s value implies 2.5x – 6x bet. Major Hellfin’s value involves 7x – 10x bet. Grand Hellfin’s value awards 12x – 25x bet. Every collected Hellfin is added to a player’s win. Hellfins may create paylines. Devil’s Jackpots Making friends with the Devil has its own perks. Win Devil’s Jackpots in the Hot Pots bonus. Stocking gilded pots, get a chance to win one of the jackpots. This time, the stakes are higher and hotter than they have ever been. Lavish Jackpot’s value varies according to the bet. Mini Jackpot awards 10x - 25x bet. Minor Jackpot grants 30x - 50x bet. Major Jackpot bestows 100x - 500x bet. Grand Jackpot pours down a stunning 5 000x - 10 000x bet. Jackpot values scale with bet changes. Trident Token Trident tokens may appear in the base game anywhere on the reels. Each Trident token increases the corresponding Jackpot value by 0.5x bet. Hot Pot Token Collect Pot tokens anywhere on the reels to trigger the Hot Pots bonus. Hot Pots Bonus Devil’s Hot Pots may appear in the base game anywhere on the reels. The Hot Pots bonus is played on a 5x5 grid. Press the button for the Devil to throw bombs on the reels to test your odds. Each pot on the reels may contain a Devil’s Jackpot (Mini, Minor, Major or Grand). Collecting 3 identical symbols in the Hot Pots bonus grants the Devil’s Jackpot prize. Scatter Symbols Scatter appears on any reel in base game. This symbol does not have a payout. Free Spins Boost Land 2 scatters on the reels to add them to the Free Spins Boost bar. Free Spins Boost bar progress persists for each bet level. Free Spins Boost bar awards extra features in the Free Spins game. Flame upgrade: Collecting 6 scatters grants 1 Devil Collect Symbol in the Free Spins game. Hellish Upgrade: Collecting 12 scatters awards 2 Devil Collect Symbols in the Free Spins game. Devil’s Upgrade: Collecting 18 scatters awards 3 Devil Collect Symbols and a 2x win multiplier and 5 extra spins. Upon completion of the Free Spins Devil’s Upgrade session, Free Spins boost bar will reset to zero. Free Spins Land 3 or more scatters in the base game to trigger Free Spins. 3 scatters award 10 free spins. 4 scatters grant 15 free spins. 5 scatters gift 20 free spins. Free Spins are played on a 5x5 grid with 20 paylines. Each Devil Collect Symbol is stored in a progress bar. Pile up Devil Collect Symbols to win multipliers and extra spins. Every 3 Devil Collect symbols grant 5 extra spins and increase multiplier. Storing 3 Devil Collect Symbols awards 2x multiplier and 5 extra spins. Storing 6 Devil Collect Symbols grants 3x multiplier and 5 extra spins. Storing 9 Devil Collect Symbols bestows 5x multiplier and 5 extra spins. Storing 12 Devil Collect Symbols gives 8x multiplier and 5 extra spins. The game is played at the current bet. Autoplay This feature is available in base game only. Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. The spacebar/enter performs the function of a spin button. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Slam Stop allows a player to manually interact with the game to stop the reels. Holding the spacebar/enter allows to play in the slam stop mode. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Holding the spacebar/enter for 3 seconds activates a QuickSpin. (If it has not been activated before). Balance: Displays the current balances. Game Menu Menu button: Displays additional game options. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Audio button: Toggles the game audio. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Game Settings Audio: Enables the game audio. Show Video Intro: Displays the video intro on game launch. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of additional game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired, the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information In-game video is used for promotional purposes only. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Translation of Game Terms Big Win - Big Win Bonus - Bonus Devil - Wild and Collect Symbol Devil’s Upgrade - Devil’s Upgrade Epic Win - Epic Win Flame Upgrade - Flame Upgrade Free Spins Boost - Free Spins Boost Free Spins - Free Spins Grand - Grand (prize) Hellfin - Hellfin Symbol Hellish Upgrade - Hellish Upgrade Hot Pots Bonus - Hot Pots Bonus Mega Win - Mega Win Major - Major (prize) Mini - Mini (prize) Minor - Minor (prize) Press - Press Win Up To - Win up to You Won - You Won RTP: 94.44% Last modification date: 4/14/2026