Rakin Bacon Triple Oink Soda Fountain Fortunes Rakin’ Bacon Triple Oink Soda Fountain Fortunes is an exciting slot experience featuring transforming Coin Prizes and colorful Pig Bonuses. Each Pig Bonus activates unique enhancements like Extra Spins, Grow Reels, and Multipliers, with all three H symbols transforming into Coins during feature play for even greater win potential. Stacking these features together creates a lively and rewarding gameplay experience for all players. GAME FEATURES COIN PRIZES Gold Coin symbol appears on all reels. At the start of each spin, all reels contain Gold Coin that may transform into either Green Coin, Red Coin or Blue Coin. Green Coin, Red Coin and Blue Coin substitute for Gold Coin prizes. At the start of each spin, a credit prize is randomly selected for each Gold Coin, Green Coin, Red Coin and/or Blue Coin. Reel 1 and reel 2 prizes are between 4 and 16 credits. Reel 3 prizes are between 16 and 40 credits. Reel 4 prizes are between 20 and 50 credits. Reel 5 prizes are between 40 and 300 credits. Gold Coin, Green Coin, Red Coin and/or Blue Coin prizes are awarded when one or more Gold Coin, Green Coin, Red Coin and/or Blue Coin appears on both reel 1 and reel 2. Each Gold Coin, Green Coin, Red Coin and/or Blue Coin prize is awarded once only for each Gold Coin, Green Coin, Red Coin and/or Blue Coin from left to right on adjacent reels starting from the leftmost reel. Gold Coin, Green Coin, Red Coin and/or Blue Coin prizes are multiplied by bet multiplier. At the start of each spin a jackpot prize of Grand or Major, or bonus prize of Minor or Mini is randomly selected for each Jackpot Symbol. Bonus prizes are multiplied by the bet multiplier as shown on screen. Jackpot Symbol appears on reel 5 only. Jackpot Symbol substituting in a Gold Coin win awards the jackpot or bonus prize shown. Gold Coin, Green Coin, Red Coin and/or Blue Coin prizes are paid in addition to PowerXStream wins. BONUS TRIGGERS Whenever one or more Green Coin Appears on a spin there is a chance the green pig bonus may be triggered. Whenever one or more Red Coin Appears on a spin there is a chance the red pig bonus may be triggered. Whenever one or more Blue Coin Appears on a spin there is a chance the blue pig bonus may be triggered. If only the blue pig bonus is triggered in the spin, the blue pig bonus is awarded. If only the red pig bonus is triggered in the spin, the red pig bonus is awarded. If only the green pig bonus is triggered in the spin, the green pig bonus is awarded. If only the blue pig and red pig bonus are triggered in the same spin, the blue and red pig double bonus is awarded only. If only the blue pig and green pig bonus are triggered in the same spin, the blue and green pig double bonus is awarded only. If only the red pig and green pig bonus are triggered in the same spin, the red and green pig double bonus is awarded only. If green pig, red pig and blue pig bonus are triggered in the same spin, the green, red and blue pig triple bonus is awarded only. EXTRA SPINS FEATURE When the extra spins feature is activated, Extra Spin Symbol Is added to reel 1. At the start of each extra spin each Extra Spin Symbol Is replaced by either +1 Extra Spin Symbol Or +2 Extra Spin Symbol. +1 Extra Spin Symbol And +2 Extra Spin Symbol Substitutes for Gold Coin Prizes. +1 Extra Spin Symbol And +2 Extra Spin Symbol Appearing awards 1 or 2 extra spins respectively. When the green pig bonus is activated, all H2 Symbol Become Gold H2 Symbol. Gold H2 Symbol Substitutes for H2 Symbol. After landing and paying any respective PowerXStream wins, Gold H2 Symbol Will transform to Gold Coin, Red Coin Or Blue Coin. GROW REELS FEATURE If only the green pig bonus is triggered in the spin, the green pig bonus is awarded. When the grow reels feature is activated all grow reels to 5 symbol positions high. When the red pig bonus is activated, all H1 Symbol Become Gold H1 Symbol. Gold H1 Symbol Substitutes for H1 Symbol. After landing and paying any respective PowerXStream wins, Gold H1 Symbol Will transform to Gold Coin, Green Coin Or Blue Coin. MULTIPLIER FEATURE Multiplier Symbol Is added to reel 5. At the start of each spin a multiplier prize of 2, 3 or 5 is randomly selected for each Multiplier Symbol Multiplier Symbol Substitutes for Gold Coin. Multiplier Symbol Substituting in a Gold Coin Win multiplies the total Gold Coin Prize awarded by the multiplier shown. When the blue pig bonus is activated, all H3 Symbol Become Gold H3 Symbol. Gold H3 Symbol Substitutes for H3 Symbol. After landing and paying any respective PowerXStream wins, Gold H3 Symbol Will transform to Gold Coin, Green Coin Or Red Coin. GREEN PIG BONUS 5 extra spins are awarded. The extra spins feature is activated. During the bonus, any Red Coin Appearing may trigger the grow reels feature and award 2 extra spins. During the bonus, any Blue Coin Appearing may trigger the multiplier feature and award 2 extra spins. During the bonus, any Red Coin And Blue Coin Appearing together may trigger the grow reels feature and multiplier feature and award 4 extra spins. Features triggered during the bonus will become active for the remaining extra spins. Each feature can only be triggered once per bonus. RED PIG BONUS 5 extra spins are awarded. The grow reels feature is activated. During the bonus, any Green Coin Appearing may trigger the extra spins feature and award 2 extra spins. During the bonus, any Blue Coin Appearing may trigger the multiplier feature and award 2 extra spins. During the bonus, any Green Coin And Blue Coin Appearing together may trigger the extra spins feature and multiplier feature and award 4 extra spins. Features triggered during the bonus will become active for the remaining extra spins. Each feature can only be triggered once per bonus. BLUE PIG BONUS 5 extra spins are awarded. The multiplier feature is activated. During the bonus, any Green Coin Appearing may trigger the extra spins feature and award 2 extra spins. During the bonus, any Red Coin Appearing may trigger the grow reels feature and award 2 extra spins. During the bonus, any Green Coin And Red Coin Appearing together may trigger the extra spins feature and grow reels feature and award 4 extra spins. Features triggered during the bonus will become active for the remaining extra spins. Each feature can only be triggered once per bonus. GREEN AND RED PIG BONUS 7 extra spins are awarded. The extra spins feature is activated. The grow reels feature is activated. During the bonus, any Blue Coin Appearing may trigger the multiplier feature and award 2 extra spins. Features triggered during the bonus will become active for the remaining extra spins. Each feature can only be triggered once per bonus. GREEN AND BLUE PIG BONUS 7 extra spins are awarded. The extra spins feature is activated. The multiplier feature is activated. During the bonus, any Red Coin Appearing may trigger the grow reels feature and award 2 extra spins. Features triggered during the bonus will become active for the remaining extra spins. Each feature can only be triggered once per bonus. RED AND BLUE PIG BONUS 7 extra spins are awarded. The grow reels feature is activated. The multiplier feature is activated. During the bonus, any Green Coin Appearing may trigger the extra spins feature and award 2 extra spins. Features triggered during the bonus will become active for the remaining extra spins. Each feature can only be triggered once per bonus. GREEN, RED AND BLUE PIG BONUS 9 extra spins are awarded. The extra spins feature is activated. The grow reels feature is activated. The multiplier feature is activated. Each feature can only be triggered once per bonus. Malfunction voids all pays and plays Last modification date: 4/14/2026