Cash Melon Combo 1. Overview The goal is to obtain a winning combination on a winning line spread across the reels. Game specifications : Type Slots Number of reels 5 Number of rows 3 (5 in special layout) Number of lines 25 (50 in special layout) Number of coins you can bet 50 (cannot be changed) Progressive No Double feature No Auto spin feature Yes Wild symbols Yes Multiplier symbols No Scatter symbols Yes ( Green Melon, Red Melon, Blue Melon, Gold Coin ) Bonus round Yes Bonus Spins Yes Instant win No RTP Normal Game: 94.01 % Bonus Buy: 94.15 % Mega Bonus Buy: 94.41 % The game disconnects if you do not take any actions for a specific number of consecutive minutes (this number varies depending on jurisdiction); the session recovery feature will save the game progress so that the next time the game is loaded, you can continue where you left off. In the event of technical difficulties resulting in a dropped connection to the game server, the game you were playing is saved automatically and will load the next time you establish a connection to the game server. You will not be able to reconnect to the game server for the first 30 seconds after the disconnection. Note : In case of malfunction all pays and play are voided; any bet that was not yet accepted will be voided, any bet that was unsettled will be refunded. 2.1. Desktop version To play, follow these steps: Click on the main screen, and then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value. Click to save the settings and return to the main screen. Note: The total BET is displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). Click to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won will be shown in the WIN field from the info bar, in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 2.2. Mobile version To play, follow these steps: Tap on the main screen, then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value. Tap to save the settings and return to the main screen. Note: The total BET is displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won will be shown in the WIN field from the info bar, in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. To toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 3. Special Symbols and Features 3.1. Wild Wild substitutes for all symbols except Green Melon, Red Melon, Blue Melon, Gold Coin and Gold Safe . Wild appears only on reels 2,3,4 & 5. 3.2. Wheel Feature 1 or more Green Melon , Red Melon or Blue Melon in any position on the reels during the base game may randomly activate the corresponding Melon above the reels, triggering the wheel feature. If the Wheel Feature is triggered, win 1 Wheel Spin . Press the wheel to spin. Available wheel awards depend on the triggering Melon . If the wheel pointer indicates +1 spin or +2 spins the awarded spins are added to the extra spins meter. If the wheel pointer indicates Green Melon , Red Melon or Blue Melon , the feature played after the completion of the Wheel Feature is upgraded to a Super Feature or Mega Feature , depending on the Melon symbols from the triggering game and the Melon indicated by the wheel pointer. If the wheel pointer indicates a value, award, number of spins, Green Melon , Red Melon or Blue Melon on the 1st or 2nd Wheel Spin , that wedge transforms into start feature and 1 extra Wheel Spin is awarded. A maximum of 3 Wheel Spins may be awarded. On the 3rd Wheel Spin , start feature appears on all wheel wedges. The Wheel Feature ends when the wheel pointer indicates a wedge containing start feature. After the Wheel Feature ends, the feature corresponding to the triggering Melon and any Melon awarded during the Wheel Feature begins. Note: The wheel does not represent a real device or physics, so segments selected may not have the same probabilities. 3.3. Coin Boost Feature If the Coin Boost Feature is awarded, win 5 spins plus any extra spins from the Wheel Feature . Bonus Spins are played on the same lines at the same bet as the game that triggered the Wheel Feature. During the Coin Boost Feature , each Green Melon appearing on the reels awards 1 extra spin and boosts the coin prize value by 15 to 45 coins for subsequent Bonus Spins. The Coin Boost Feature ends when 0 spins remain or after 88 spins have been played. Different reels are used during the Coin Boost Feature. During the Coin Boost feature , each Gold Coin appearing on the reels awards a cash prize. The prize value starts at 100 coins. 3.4. Cash Pots Feature If the Cash Pots Feature is awarded, win 8 spins plus any extra spins from the Wheel Feature . Bonus Spins are played on the same lines at the same bet as the game that triggered the Wheel Feature . Each Gold Safe appearing on the reels awards 1, 2 or 3 extra spins, a coin value or a purple, green, blue or red Gem . Available coin values are 18 and 38 coins. If a Gem is awarded, one position is filled under the corresponding MINI, MINOR, MAJOR or GRAND meter. If all positions under a meter are filled, that Cash Pots is won and the collected Gems are cleared. More than one prize can be won per Cash Pots Feature . The Cash Pots Feature ends when 0 spins remain or after 88 spins have been played. If a Gold Safe appears on the reels after 88 spins have been awarded, it does not reveal or add extra spins. Collected prize Gems are cleared at the end of the feature. Different reels are used during the Cash Pots Feature . Award values: Mini = 500 coins; Minor = 1,500 coins; Major = 10,000 coins; Grand = 100,000 coins. 3.5. Reel Boost Features If the Reel Boost Feature is awarded, win 5 Bonus Spins plus any extra spins from the Wheel Feature . Bonus Spins cannot be retriggered during the Reel Boost Feature . Bonus Spins are played on 50 lines at the same bet as the game that triggered the Wheel Feature . Bonus Spins end when 0 spins remain. Different reels are used during the Reel Boost Feature . 3.6. Super Feature If a Super Feature is awarded, win 8 spins plus any extra spins from the Wheel Feature . If a Super Feature is awarded, all rules associated with the corresponding individual features apply, except as noted below. If the Coin Boost & Cash Pots Super Feature is awarded, Bonus Spins are played on the same lines at the same bet as the game that triggered the Wheel Feature . If the Coin Boost & Reel Boost Super Feature or Reel Boost & Cash Pots Super Feature is awarded, Bonus Spins are played on 50 lines at the same bet as the game that triggered the Wheel Feature . Different reels are used during Super Features. 3.7. Mega Feature If a Mega Feature is awarded, win 10 spins plus any extra spins from the Wheel Feature . If a Mega Feature is awarded, all rules associated with the corresponding individual features apply, except as noted below. During the Mega Feature , Bonus Spins are played on 50 lines at the same bet as the game that triggered the Wheel Feature . Different reels are used during The Mega Feature. 3.8. Buy any feature Bonus buy costs 50 x total bet and will randomly trigger: - One of the 3 features, Coin Boost, Cash Pots or Reel Boost - One of the 3 Super Features combining 2 random core features - Mega Feature combining all core features Mega Bonus Buy costs 150 x total bet. Coin Boost, Cash Pots & Reel Boost active at the same time! 4. Other game buttons 4.1. Desktop version The following buttons are available: Click this button to toggle the game sound on or off. Click this button to open the PAYOUTS tab, where you can view several screens: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in either credit or your real currency - to toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area. information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts, or specific awards; the game lines and basic game rules. To navigate among the various screens in the PAYOUTS tab, click on the left and right arrows at the bottom of the screen. RULES In the last of the screens from the PAYOUTS tab, click this button to view detailed game rules, in a new browser window. (in real mode only) This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Click on it to view the gameplay history, in a new browser window. This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Click on it to close the game and to open the home website, in the same browser window. (available while the reels are spinning) Click this button to stop the reels earlier. (available during winning animations) Click this button to skip the winning animations. (available only for specific jurisdictions) Click this button to activate Turbo mode. The Turbo mode speeds up the gameplay - the spin time is reduced to a minimum. 4.2. Mobile version The following buttons are available: Tap this button to toggle the game sound on or off. Tap this button to open the PAYOUTS tab, where you can view several screens: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in either credit or your real currency - to toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area. information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts, or specific awards; the game lines and basic game rules. To navigate among the various screens in the PAYOUTS tab, tap on the left and right arrows at the bottom of the screen. RULES In the last of the screens from the PAYOUTS tab, tap this button to view detailed game rules, in a new browser window. (in real mode only) This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap on it to view the gameplay history in a new browser window. This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap on it to close the game and to open the home website, in the same browser window. (available while the reels are spinning) Tap this button to stop the reels earlier. (available during winning animations) Tap this button to skip the winning animations. (available only for specific jurisdictions) Tap this button to activate Turbo mode. The Turbo mode speeds up the gameplay - the spin time is reduced to a minimum. index 5. AUTO SPIN FEATURE The loss limit setting allows stopping the auto spin feature automatically when the selected limit, plus your cumulative winnings, and minus your cumulative bets, is less than 0. 5.1. Desktop version Click the AUTO SPIN button to open the AUTO SPIN settings window where you can set up the following: Number of auto spins: click + or - to select the number of auto spins to play. Loss limit: click + or - to select the value of the loss limit; Stop if a win reaches: click + or - to select the value of the maximum win; Stop if JACKPOT is won (only for games with Progressive Jackpots): to enable this setting, tick the checkbox; to disable it, remove the tick. Click the ACTIVATE button to close the AUTO SPIN settings window and to start the auto spin feature with the currently selected bet and auto spin setup. Click the CLOSE button to close the window without starting the auto spin feature. Click the STOP AUTO SPIN button to stop the auto spin feature at any time. 5.2. Mobile version Tap the AUTO SPIN button to open the AUTO SPIN settings window where you can set up the following: Number of auto spins: tap + or - to select the number of auto spins to play. Loss limit: tap + or - to select the value of the loss limit; Stop if a win reaches: tap + or - to select the value of the maximum win; Stop if JACKPOT is won (only for games with Progressive Jackpots): to enable this setting, tick the checkbox; to disable it, remove the tick. Tap the ACTIVATE button to close the SPIN settings window and to start the auto spin feature with the currently selected bet and auto spin setup. Tap the CLOSE button to close the window without starting the auto spin feature. Tap the STOP AUTO SPIN button to stop the auto spin feature at any time. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Last modification date: 4/1/2026