Zeus Legends of Olympus 1 Introduction Zeus Legends of Olympus is a 5x3 reel 20 winline game 2 How to Play Spin the reels by pressing the 'SPIN' button to try to achieve 2,3, 4 or 5 of a kind reel wins. Select the 'CHANGE STAKE' button to increase or decrease the size of the bet. 2.1 Autoplay Press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to see the options. You must select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay. 'Custom Loss Limit' refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. For example, if you have $50 in your balance, and you choose a $20 loss limit, the auto play will stop as soon as your balance goes below $30, even if you have auto play games remaining. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the 'Custom Loss Limit' button. Choose the 'More settings' option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. Select the 'AUTOPLAY' button during autoplay to stop them. 2.2 Turbo Mode Enabling 'Turbo Mode' increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spin animation. This does not impact the outcome of the game. 3 Game Rules Match 2,3, 4, or 5 symbols across a valid win line to achieve a win. All games are played with 20 win lines. Wins can occur across any or all the win lines. only the highest award is paid per winning combination. All wins pay left to right on adjacent reels starting with the leftmost reel. Wins on different played lines are added. Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. 4 Wilds The wild symbol substitutes for all symbols for line wins Appears on reels 2,3 and 4 during the base game and when fortune bet is active 5 Jewel Symbols Every time a bonus jewel symbol lands in view on the reels it will be added to the corresponding urn. When a jewel is added, there is a chance that the urn will be triggered and the bonus awarded with this feature active. Additionally, when a jewel is added, the jewel pile may increase in size up to level 4. The size of the jewel pile in the urn does not increase the chance of triggering the bonus. Whenever a bonus is awarded during base game and fortune bet, the urn level resets to 1. 5.1 Blue Jewel If the bonus is activated with the double coins feature active, then during the bonus some coins will land as double versions. These are represented by 2 coins having the same cash value or 2 pot fill coins for a pot fill if that feature is active. Double coins count as 2 coins when decrementing the row activation counts. 5.2 Red Jewel If the bonus is activated with the pot fill feature active, then some coins may land as pot fill coins. If pot fill coins land on an active row, these add to the relevant pot name, and when that name is complete, the value of that pot is assigned to the triggering coin. The bonus begins with all pot names empty, and if a pot is won then its name is reset to empty. After a pot fill coin has been processed it changes to a cash coin with a value on it if the pot wasn’t awarded. The pot values are M-I-N-I, a fixed value of 10x M-I-N-O-R, a fixed value of 20x M-A-J-O-R, a fixed value of 50x G-R-A-N-D, a fixed value of 1000x If the double coins feature is also active then sometimes a double pot fill coin will land and this will add two letters into the relevant pot name. Pot fill coins on inactive rows will be awarded if that row is activated. 5.3 Gold Jewel If the bonus is triggered with the Zeus boost active, then at random Zeus will boost the value of one or more of the coins currently on the mini reels. This boost can be between 2x and 100x Zeus can boost coins on active rows. If the bonus is triggered with the Zeus boost active, one or both of the other features may also be triggered. Possible boost values on the coins are: 2x,3x,4x,5x,6x,8x,10x,12x,15x,18x,20x,25x,30x,40x,50x,100x 6 Bonus Game When then the bonus is triggered there are initially 15 mini reels shown in a 5 by 3 configuration. Additionally there are a further 4 rows of 5 mini reels above these. These extra rows are initially inactive and display a count indicating when they will be activated. When this count reaches zero, the row is activated any cash coins present on this row will be awarded at the end of the bonus. Pot fill coins are awarded immediately. Every coin that lands in the bonus on an active row decrements the count of each inactive row. When the count of a row reaches zero, that row becomes active. Double coins decrement the counts by 2. The initial counts for the rows are, from the bottom, 10 14, 18 and 22. Coins will have a cash value on them, or sometimes pot fill coins if that feature is active. All 35 mini reels without stuck coins spin in each round of the bonus when the player presses start. Coins will land and stick on all reels, but only coins on active rows are processed. Pot fill coins landing on an inactive row will stick but will not be processed. When an inactive row is activated, any pot fill coins on this row are then processed. When coins land, they stick for the remainder of the bonus. A pot fill coin will change to a cash value once the letter has been added to the relevant pot name if the pot is not awarded. Possible cash values on the coins are: 0.5x, 1x, 1.5x. 2x. 2.5x. 3x. 4x. 5x. 10x. 25x, 50x, 100, 250x The bonus starts with 3 lives. For every round in the bonus this count decreases by 1. If a coin lands on an active row, the number of lives is reset to 3. When the number of lives reaches zero, the bonus ends and the sum of all coins on active rows is awarded to the player. If all active reels have a coin stuck on them, the bonus ends and the sum of all coins is awarded to the player. There are no line wins awarded during the bonus. The bonus will begin with some coins stuck on active rows. If these are pot fill coins, they will be added to the relevant pot name and the coin will change to a cash value coin. 7 Gamble The gamble can be configured to be on, on if the win is greater than or equal to 5x stake, or off. If the gamble is on, any winnings awarded during the game will offer the gamble feature. If the gamble is on with win greater than or equal to 5x stake, any winnings greater than or equal to 5x stake awarded during the game will offer the gamble feature. The gamble entry trigger is bases on the base stake before any stake multipliers are applied. When the gamble is entered, two wheels are presented. The left wheel offers the chance to increase the winnings by one half, double the winnings or triple the winnings. The right wheel offers the chance to win a bonus entry. The win value can be adjusted by pressing the “-” and “+” arrows, this in turn will adjust the winnings and losing segments of the wheel. Press either wheel, if active, during the feature to gamble your winnings and spin the pointer. If the pointer stops on the green segment, the cash value or a bonus entry is awarded. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses their winnings and exits to the base game. When the potential winning area of the gamble wheel is at its minimum size the chance of success could be significantly less than the visual representation shown. If the result of a winning gamble would exceed the win limit of 2500x base stake or $1000000, whichever is the lower value, winnings are automatically collected, and the gamble will be exited. A maximum of Zeus Boost+Pot Fill+Double Coins can be achieved in the gamble for bonus entry. Once this is reached, the bonus entry wheel is disabled, while the player is still able to gamble on the cash wheel. Press the ‘collect’ button during the feature to collect your winnings. The expected payback for the gamble game is 100%. 8 Fortune Bet Fortune bet is an alternative to standard spins. Activating fortune bet allows the player to select a new bet multiplier of 1.2x, 1.5x or 2x the current stake. At 1.2x stake: more bonuses will be awarded through increased activation via the pseudo mechanism At 1.5x stake: more bonuses will be awarded through increased activation via the pseudo mechanism and they will always start with at least 2 of the bonus features active At 2x stake: more bonuses will be awarded through increased activation via the pseudo mechanism and they will always start with all 3 of the bonus features active The awards, gamble entry and big win thresholds remain the same as the base stake. 9 Bonus Buy (if available) The bonus buy mode can be activated by pressing the bonus buy button. Bonus buy allows the player to purchase direct entry to a bonus feature. The player can choose to purchase from 1 of 2 options. Mystery bonus: the player purchases direct entry to a bonus feature with any combination where 1, 2 or all 3 of the features will be active. All 3 of the features active: the player purchases direct entry to a bonus feature where all 3 of the features will be active. The base game stake can also be changed and changing this alters the cost of each bonus option. Buying the feature results in a base game delivering the three jewels and then the relevant urns will trigger the bonus combination purchased. Feature awards are determined by the current stake. 10 Spin Chance Spin Chance is triggered automatically if the credit is reduced below the current price of play, yet is still greater than zero. Spin Chance offers the player an opportunity to wager their remaining credit in an attempt at winning an additional spin at the current bet. To play Spin Chance, select the ‘PLAY’ button to begin moving the pointer across the meter. Alternatively, select the ‘NO THANKS’ button to exit Spin Chance with the remaining credit. If the pointer stops on the green segment, a spin at the current bet is awarded and plays automatically. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses any remaining credit and exits to the base game.The red and green segments are proportional to the amount of credit in relation to the current bet. The chance of winning a spin is determined by this ratio. 11 General Information 11.1 Game Recovery In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. 11.2 Payback Information Your odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. This reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays, over an extended period of time. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed $1000000 excluding jackpots. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every stake configuration. The expected payback for the Standard game is 94.5%. The expected payback for the gamble game is 100% Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 4/14/2026