Monopoly Cash is King SPECIAL SYMBOLS AND FEATURES FEATURE REELS Feature reels are placed above the reels. Only the middle reel is available during base spins. Only special feature symbols may land on the additional reels. They need Mr. Monopoly to trigger their features. Only Street cards can land on all 3 feature reels. The following feature cards may land on the middle feature reel: Community Chest card Street card Chance card WILD WILDS substitute for all paying symbols and count as the symbol which forms the longest winning combination on a single win line. CASH STICKERS Symbols landing on the 1st 4 reels may randomly appear with a CASH STICKER on the bottom right. CASH STICKERS represent stake MULTIPLIER prizes. The possible values are: 1x, 2x, 5x, 10x, 20x, 50x, 100x, 200x, 500x, 1000x, 5000x. The biggest 4 Cash Sticker prizes are displayed on the main screen. Mr. Monopoly Mr. Monopoly lands on the last reel only. If there are less than 6 CASH STICKERS on the reels in the spin their prizes are collected and awarded by Mr. Monopoly. COMMUNITY CHEST CARD The Community Chest card lands on the middle feature reel only. Where it lands with Mr. Monopoly in the same spin, the Community Chest opens before the line wins and reveals 1 of the following features: Win MULTIPLIER – a random MULTIPLIER is revealed that applies to any line wins in the spin. The possible values are: x5, x10, x15, x20, or x25 Random WILDS – between 2 and 4 WILDS are placed on random positions on the reels. WILD reels - 1 or 2 reels are filled with WILDS. STREET CARD The Street card lands on the feature reels only. It contains a list of prizes for symbols with 1, 2, 3, 4 houses and a hotel. Prizes represent a stake MULTIPLIER. When Mr. Monopoly lands together with a Street card on the additional reel, each House and Hotel symbol on the reels awards the respective INSTANT WIN prize for the number of Houses or Hotels on the Street card, depending on the color of the Street card, as follows: Blue Street: 1 House – 0.5x 2 Houses – 1x 3 Houses – 1.5x 4 Houses – 2x Hotel – 2.5 Purple Street: 1 House – 1x 2 Houses – 1.5x 3 Houses – 2x 4 Houses – 2.5x Hotel – 3x Orange Street: 1 House – 1.5x 2 Houses – 2x 3 Houses – 2.5x 4 Houses – 3x Hotel – 4x Golden Street: 1 House – 2x 2 Houses – 2.5x 3 Houses – 3x 4 Houses – 4x Hotel – 5x FREE SPINS The Chance card lands on the middle feature reel only. Landing Mr. Monopoly together with the Chance card triggers 5 FREE SPINS. Landing Mr. Monopoly in combination with the Chance card during FREE SPINS awards 5 additional spins. The Chance card can not land in the same spin with Mr. Monopoly and 6 or more CASH STICKERS. Before the first FREE SPIN, Mr. Monopoly moves to the middle position of the last reel and remains locked there until the end of the bonus round. All 3 feature reels spin during FREE SPINS, except the leftmost and the rightmost feature reels, are initially covered. Only Street cards land on them. If a Street card lands on the middle reel, the other 2 additional reels are uncovered for the spin and all 3 Street cards are triggered one by one. HOLD AND RESPIN Landing Mr. Monopoly, together with 6 or more CASH STICKERS in a base spin or free spin, triggers the Hold and Respin feature with 3 spins. The CASH STICKERS are transformed into full-size symbols and are locked on their positions for the duration of the bonus round. Only Cash symbols and empty symbols may land during the Hold and Respin. Each new Cash symbol that lands resets the number of spins back to 3. The feature ends when there are no remaining spins left, or when the grid is full of locked symbols. The combined prize of all Cash symbols on the reels is awarded at the end of the feature. SECOND CHANCE At the end of a spin, the last reel may randomly nudge to reveal Mr. Monopoly. HOLD AND RESPIN SECOND CHANCE Where Mr. Monopoly lands together with 4 or 5 CASH STICKERS in the spin, he may randomly add 2 or 1 CASH STICKERS respectively to random symbols on the reels and trigger the Hold and Respin bonus round. HOW TO PLAY MONOPOLY CASH IS KING FEATURE BUY The feature starts automatically after your confirmation. If you refresh the game during the feature, you will receive the end result. The Buy Feature is activated immediately after clicking the "buy" button. The cost of each feature is displayed in the Feature Buy pop-up and is based on the currently selected stake. Buying a feature does NOT contribute towards any Jackpots. The calculated overall RTP in Feature Buy is 96.06%. Total Stake The Total Stake is the total of stakes per line. You can adjust it at any time using the + or – buttons. Spin the Reels If you are playing on desktop, click the Spin button or press the space bar to spin. Speed up each reel spin by pressing space bar again, or by clicking on the reels. For TURBO SPIN, hold down the space bar or the Spin button. Press the TURBO button to speed up the game! Autoplay Press the AUTO button to commence automatic play of the game at the currently selected stake. Select how many spins to play via the Total Spins Dropdown menu. More Autoplay settings Select the loss limit: The Autoplay will stop at the last spin before the loss limit is reached. The Аutoplay loss limit should be higher than your stake. Expand the AUTOPLAY dialog by choosing MORE AUTOPLAY SETTINGS. Here you can select additional criteria for the AUTOPLAY stop including - Stop if single win exceeds certain amount; Stop on Bonus Feature. Jackpot Game Win one of the offered jackpot tiers when the jackpot is triggered by а game feature. Spin the jackpot wheel to determine which of the offered jackpot tiers will be won. The size of the segments on the jackpot wheel do not correlate to the odds of winning each jackpot tier represented. The chances of winning a jackpot increase in correlation with the size of the stake played. Jackpot prizes are not affected by any game features e.g. multipliers are never applied to jackpots. Тhe jackpot is triggered randomly and can be won by playing any of the linked jackpot games. To win the jackpot, the player is not required to make any decision other than to spin the reels. The stake value cannot be changed during free spins. Internet connectivity issues may cause delays in jackpot messages or updates, but they do not affect actual jackpot wins. It is not possible for two players to win the same jackpot. In the event two jackpot winnings occur close to one another the jackpot will be assigned in their respective order. Due to connectivity issues the jackpot value displayed may differ from the effective jackpot value. The jackpot could be temporary deactivated, when this occurs all contributions are paused. The jackpot amount available upon reactivation will be the same as before the deactivation. The rules for Jackpot discontinuation and Jackpot fund allocation are defined by each Operator at their own discretion. Progressive Jackpot The progressive jackpot is accumulated by all stakes on games offering these jackpots and, in some cases, the jackpots may be offered on multiple websites. A percentage of each total bet is added to a common pot. Part of this contribution is used to form the progressively increasing jackpot amounts, and the other part contributes to a seed fund, which is the minimum amount of money guaranteed to be made available to players after a jackpot is won by qualifying players. Once the jackpot has been won, a new progressive jackpot will be made available and the process repeats. The jackpot can be triggered and won by a single spin from a single user only. The jackpot does not have a ceiling value. The odds of winning the jackpot increases with the size of the jackpot and can be won at any time. When the jackpot is won by another player, a notification appears in the jackpot panel. Once won, the amount is transferred directly to the user wallet, even if it is won during a bonus spin. Time Jackpot The time jackpot is a progressive jackpot that is guaranteed to pay out before a set date and time. The prize pot grows with the contributions from the stake of each spin on a jackpot game, and the closer the prize pot gets to the advertised guaranteed latest payout time, the greater the odds of winning it. Оdds increase up to 100% when the guaranteed latest payout time is reached. Once the jackpot has been won, a new time jackpot will be made available and the process repeats with a new deadline for the next guaranteed payout. The jackpot can be triggered and won by a single spin from a single user only. This jackpot does not have a ceiling but must be won before the date and time specified. When the jackpot is won by another player, a notification appears in the jackpot panel. Once won, the amount is transferred directly to the user wallet, even if it is won during a bonus spin. Dynamic Jackpot Allocation Only the first $2 of a stake is eligible to win the time jackpot. Stake amounts in excess of $2 are contributed directly to the progressive jackpot. Daily drop (time) Current starting value is: $1,500.00, Next minimum starting value is: $1,500.00 Mega drop (progressive) Current starting value is: $25,000.00, Next minimum starting value is: $25,000.00 General types of games Check the pays menu in the game paytable if you are not sure of the game type. The values related to each symbol, shown either on the slot scene or on the dedicated Symbol Wins pages of the Pays menu, represent stake multipliers and not credits. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. If you are playing a Lines game, the prize value from one payline is equal to the total stake multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the Paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple win lines, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same payline, the largest win is paid. Each individual payline can pay only once per spin. If you are playing a Ways or a Cluster game, the prize value from one way or winning cluster is equal to the payout advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple ways or clusters, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same way or cluster, the largest win is paid. If there is a Scatter Symbol in the game, all wins will be paid in addition to any other symbol wins occurring on the same spin. If you are playing a Scatter Pays game, only the highest winning combination is paid per symbol. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. In case of an incomplete game round due to connection loss where the result has not yet occurred, the game will generate an outcome for the round, which will be shown upon restoring of connection and the result will be visible in the Game History after refreshing the game. In case of an incomplete game round due to connection loss where the result has occurred, but the player could not be informed of this fact, the game will inform the player of the outcome upon refreshing of the game and the result will be visible in the Game History. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The RTP is ≈ 94.17%, which includes base game RTP and jackpot contribution. Minimum stake: $0.10 Maximum stake: $50 Last modification date: 4/7/2026