Fireball Inferno Tiki Blast By playing our games, you agree that you do not find them offensive, unfair or indecent. How to Play Slots: Choose the amount you would like to bet with. Control the bet amount by tapping the bet icon. Winnings are automatically added to the account balance. Total Win is displayed under the WIN section of the screen after each win. Game Rules: The game is played with 20 fixed paylines and each game costs a minimum of 20 fixed coins. Wins are paid according to the Paytable. All symbols pay from leftmost reel to right in consecutive order. Only the highest win is paid per selected line. Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols, excluding the Free Spins symbol and the Fireball symbol. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. For this game, the maximum long-term expected payback is 94.28%. Tiki Re-spins: 4 or more fireball symbols anywhere on the screen trigger Tiki Re-spins. Tiki Re-spins start with 3 spins and 8 rows with 4 active rows. The base game fireball symbols stick to the reels during the transition to the Tiki Re-spin feature. During the feature any additional fireball symbol will remain sticky until the completion of the re-spin feature. Re-spins counter resets to 3, every time at least one fireball lands on the active reels. - 8 fireball symbols on the active screen, unlock the 5th row. - 12 fireball symbols on the active screen, unlock the 6th row. - 16 fireball symbols on the active screen, unlock the 7th row. - 20 fireball symbols on the active screen, unlock the 8th row. Fireball symbol may carry a Mini, a Minor, a Major or the Grand Jackpot. The Jackpot values are: - Mini - 10x total bet - Minor - 20x total bet - Major - 100x total bet - Grand - 1000x total bet At a bet value of 1, Fireball symbol may award one of the following credit values: 100, 200, 300, 400, 500, 700, 800, 1200, 1500, 2500, 3000, 4000 and 5000 or the Jackpots. These credit values scale in direct proportion to the bet amount. Re-spins end when no more re-spins remain, or all the cells are filled with fireball symbols. After Re-spins end, all fireball symbol credit values are collected, divided by 100 and awarded to the player. If all 40 cells are filled, the player is awarded the Grand Jackpot, plus the total of all Fireball symbol credit values, divided by 100. Tiki Blast: During Tiki Re-spins, the Tiki may randomly blast one or more fireball symbols onto the unlocked reels. The fireballs may land on an empty cell or on existing fireball symbols. If a fireball lands on an existing fireball symbol, its value is boosted. At bet value 1, the boost values are: 30, 50, 80, 100, 120, 150 and 200. If a fireball lands on an empty cell, there will be no change. Tiki Re-spins Retrigger: During Tiki Re-spins, special Tiki Re-spins symbols may be awarded in the same manner as fireball symbols. Each special Tiki Re-spins symbol is collected in the collection meter and is subsequently converted into a fireball symbol. Collecting a total of three special Tiki Respins symbols retriggers Tiki Re-spins after the collection of the initial game. After all re-spins have completed, the Tiki may award the Tiki Re-spins Retrigger. Retriggered Tiki Re-spins begin with the same number of initial fireball symbols as the original Tiki Re-spins feature. Special Tiki Re-spins symbols are not awarded during retriggered Tiki Re-spins. Tiki Free Spins: 3 Free Spins symbols trigger 10 Free Spins. 10 Free Spins can be retriggered during Free Spins if 3 Free Spins symbols land. Tiki Re-spins can be triggered during Free Spins. Buy Bonus Feature: Buy Bonus feature is available only in the base game. Buy Bonus feature is played at 80xTotal Cash Bet. The player can opt to buy either Tiki Re-spins or Tiki Free Spins. The long-term maximum expected payback is 94.17% with the Buy Bonus feature. Auto Spin Game Rules: Auto Spin is similar to a regular spin, you can choose Auto Spin for a selected number of spins. Auto Spin automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. As soon as Auto Spin begins, the Spin button is replaced with the Stop button with the counter displaying the number of Auto Spins. Auto Spin can be stopped at any time by tapping the Stop button. Auto Spin will stop when any feature rounds are triggered. Auto Spin will stop if you are disconnected while playing. Additional Information: Guidance on RTP/Paylines/Bonus Feature/Wild/Free Spins is covered under the Paytable section of respective games. You can access this by tapping the Paytable button. Any stakes placed are non-refundable, unless a system malfunction occurs, in which case, all stakes placed on the game being played at the time of the malfunction will be refunded. We have no obligation to repay players who abuse these occurrences, and therefore, an alternative action may be deemed suitable depending on the individual circumstances. If a query arises as a result of a gaming session, where there is a mismatch between your records and the data recorded by our servers, the latter will be considered correct. In the event of any disagreement between yourself and this website, the management's decision will be considered final. If the game is interrupted due to connection loss, Balance and Win information can be viewed using Game Logs. In the event of malfunction of gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. Last modification date: 3/31/2026