Enchanted Pegasus Boom Game Theme and Graphics Enter a world of myth and riches with Enchanted Pegasus™ BOOM! Marvel as the Enchanted Pegasus doubles your wins, then take to the sky for a chance to win jackpots in the BOOM Bonus game! Main Game Enchanted Pegasus™ BOOM is played on 5 reels, each 3 rows high, with 10 fixed win lines. All winning combinations run from left to right, except Boom Bonus (Scatter) symbols. The Wild symbol (Pegasus) substitutes for all symbols except for Scatter symbols and doubles the win when substituting. 6 or more Boom Bonus symbols trigger the Enchanted Pegasus™ BOOM Feature with 6 or more initial Boom Spins respectively. Enchanted Pegasus™ BOOM Feature The Boom Feature is played on 7 reels with each having 5 individual spinning positions. The Feature starts with 2 Boom Pays on reels 3 and 5 and the number of initial Boom Spins is the same as the number of triggering Boom Bonus symbols. After each spin all new symbols are held and recombined automatically in order to ensure the best Boom Pay possible. If you have luck on your side, you might be awarded with 3 Grand symbols during the Feature, and if this happens, the Grand Jackpot is yours! Rules Base Game The Wild symbol substitutes all other symbols except Boom Bonus symbols and doubles the win when substituting. Line wins pay from left to right and the symbols must be consecutive, except scatters. Highest win only paid per selected line. Line wins are multiplied by bet per line except scatters. Boom Feature The Enchanted Pegasus™ BOOM Feature is played using the same bet as the spin which triggered it. Each symbol represents its own reel and winnings are paid out at the end of the Feature. The Enchanted Pegasus™ BOOM Feature is completed when either no Boom Spins remain or when all 35 positions are covered. During the Enchanted Pegasus™ BOOM Feature it is only possible to win either the Grand or Major Jackpot once. It is not possible to win both the Grand and Major Jackpot during the same Feature. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. RTP - 94% Last modification date: 4/7/2026