Starlight Jackpots - Mighty Mayans Main Game The base game consists of 15 individual reels on a 5×3 reel set, with 40 Fixed winlines. Any cash coins that lands onto the reels add to the coin pile above the reels. Land 6 or more cash coins to trigger the Lock ‘N Spin bonus. Coin symbols with white values are x0.5, x1.0, x1.5, x2 and multiply the current total bet. Coin symbols with red values are x3, x4, x5, x6, x7, x8, x9, x10 and multiply the current total bet. Red value Coin are only available in the Lock ‘N’ Spin bonus. Game Features Mystery Symbols In the base game, mystery symbols can land to reveal a combination of high paying, Wild or Coin symbols. Coin Drop In the base game, every time a cash coin symbol lands onto the reels, it will shoot towards the coin pile above the reels. At random, the chiefess character can trigger the coin drop feature – this will drop additional coins from the coin pile onto the reels, and trigger the Lock ‘N’ Spin bonus. Lock ‘N’ Spin 6 or more Coin symbols landing in the base triggers the Lock ‘N’ spin bonus. The outer reels are locked to begin with and can contain higher value Coin symbols, along with the Collector symbol. Expansion symbol – When 3 expansion symbols are collected, the outer reels unlock and any Coins, Jackpots and Collectors in view are awarded. Collector symbol – When a collector symbol lands, all Coin symbols in view on active reels are collected and the Collector symbol becomes a Coin symbol, on which the total value is then displayed. High value Coin symbols are only awarded during Lock ‘N’ Spin once the reels have been expanded. Lock ‘N’ Spin games are played at the base game Total Bet. Starlight Jackpots™ Starlight Jackpots™ can only be won during the Lock ‘N’ Spin bonus. Collect 3 stars per pot to win a jackpot. Grand Jackpot value is 1000x base game Total Bet, and 0.125% of every stake goes directly into the Grand Jackpot. Major Jackpot value is 200x base game Total Bet, and 0.375% of every stake goes directly into the Major Jackpot. Minor Jackpot value is 25x base game Total Bet. Mini Jackpot value is 10x base game Total Bet. Each jackpot can only be won once, and completed pots are awarded at the end of the bonus. Key Features Mystery Symbols Coin Pile Lock ‘N’ Spin Starlight Jackpots Malfunction voids all pays and plays. RTP - 94.14% Last modification date: 4/14/2026