Donny and Danny GAME INFO - Donny and Danny ABOUT THE GAME Ladies and gentlemen, step right up, step right up! Come closer, you won’t believe your eyes. Behind this curtain, witness something you’ve never seen before… Donny and Danny, together for one night only! Ready to dazzle, ready to deal, loosen the strings, pad your pockets, grab a handful of popcorn shrimp, and let’s pop these rockets! Join the Cash Kings in this 5-reel, 5-row dollar-dough bonanza, packed with paylines and a max win of 12 500 times your bet, available in all game modes! FEATURES LOOTLINES A LootLine is formed when a winning payline contains at least 3 Donny symbols, or a combination of at least 3 symbols made up of Donny and Danny. In a winning LootLine, each Donny symbol will select a random value from the Cash Board, located outside the grid. Each selected value is added to a Donny symbol. The values are added from left to right, top to bottom, and multiplied by the current bet amount to determine the awarded win. The Cash Board values are based on the following bet Multipliers: 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 10x, 15x, 20x, 25x, 50x, 75x, 100x, 150x, 250x, 500x, 1000x, 5000x, 12 500x. DOLLAR-REELS When a Danny symbol lands, it will expand into a Dollar-Reel if the Danny symbol is part of a LootLine win, or the expanded Dollar-Reel is part of a LootLine win. Danny symbols only expand upward, to the top of the grid, after all regular wins are collected. Once expanded, the Dollar-Reel and every position it covers can be part of a LootLine. Dollar-Reels will reveal a Multiplier value on every position that the Dollar-Reel covers, positions can have different Multiplier values. Dollar-Reel Multipliers can have the following Multiplying values: x2, x3, x4, x5, x6, x7, x8, x9, x10. When there is a winning LootLine of Donny symbols and a Dollar-Reel on the grid, the payout of the LootLine will be determined by the values of the symbols that are a part of the win. The values will be applied from left to right, the resulting value is then multiplied by your bet to determine the cash prize. Dollar-Reel Multiplying Multipliers that come first on a winning payline will be treated as Additive Multipliers. For example, a winning LootLine that consists of 1 Dollar-Reel symbol, 1 Donny symbol and 1 Dollar-Reel symbol with the values x3, 15x and x2 will have a final payout of 3+15*2=36x. Only 1 Danny symbol can land on a reel at a time. A Dollar-Reel cannot expand over a Donny symbol. BONUS GAME - ROLLIN’ IN DOUGH Activate this bonus with 10 free spins by landing 3 FS scatter symbols at the same time during the base game. This bonus keeps the base game’s mechanics with an increased chance of landing Donny symbols! Landing additional FS symbols at the same time in the bonus awards extra free spins: 2 FS symbols award +2 free spins, 3 FS symbols award +4 free spins. BONUS GAME - MAKE IT REIGN Activate this bonus with 10 free spins by landing 4 FS scatter symbols at the same time during the base game. This bonus game keeps the mechanics of the ROLLIN’ IN DOUGH bonus and adds Booster symbols. When a Booster symbol lands, it will remove the lowest value on the Cash Board. If more than 1 Booster symbol lands at the same time, each will remove the lowest value on the Cash Board. The removed values are disabled on subsequent spins. Landing additional FS symbols at the same time in the bonus awards extra free spins: 2 FS symbols award +2 free spins, 3 FS symbols award +4 free spins. HIDDEN EPIC BONUS - CASH KINGS FOREVER Activate this bonus with 10 free spins by landing 5 FS scatter symbols at the same time during the base game. This bonus game keeps the mechanics of the MAKE IT REIGN bonus. In addition, this bonus guarantees a full grid of Donny symbols on the last free spin! Landing additional FS symbols at the same time in the bonus awards extra free spins: 2 FS symbols award +2 free spins. SYMBOL PAYOUTS The symbol payouts displayed above reflect the currently selected bet level. The theoretical payout for this game is 94.35%. The RTP was calculated by simulating 10,000,000,000 rounds. SPECIAL SYMBOLS FS symbols cannot land above a Danny symbol. WAYS TO WIN The specified requirements for a winning combination in the base game are also used during bonus features or free spins play unless otherwise stated. Each wager is eligible for all winning combinations unless otherwise stated. You win if matching symbols appear along one of the following predefined lines on adjacent reels from left to right, starting with the leftmost reel. The number of possible lines in this game is 19. Please consult the paytable for the number of each symbol required to win. BONUS BUY This game offers the possibility to purchase bonus game features directly from the main game by pressing the BUY BONUS button. This game offers the FeatureSpins™ buy option. When FeatureSpins™ are activated, each spin guarantees certain features and costs a set amount, based on your current bet level. FeatureSpins™ remain active until you disable them by clicking the DISABLE button. The RTP when buying BONUSHUNT FEATURESPINS™ is 96.29%. For full information about this feature, see the section above. The RTP when buying DOLLARS TO DONUTS FEATURESPINS™ is 96.31%. For full information about this feature, see the section above. FS symbols cannot land in this game mode. The RTP when buying ROLLIN’ IN DOUGH is 96.26%. For full information about this feature, see the section above. The RTP when buying MAKE IT REIGN is 96.35%. For full information about this feature, see the section above. GENERAL BALANCE Your current balance is shown in the BALANCE display. Balance, bets and winnings are presented in the player’s chosen currency. BET The current bet level is shown in the BET display. Change the bet by clicking on the arrows and choosing the bet level of your choice. The allowed bet levels for this game are between 0.10 and 75.00. Feature buys can exceed this limit. SPIN The game is started by pressing the SPIN symbol button. The spacebar on the keyboard can also be used to initiate a spin. WIN Winnings and winning combinations are paid according to the paytable. Multiple wins in one round are added together and the total round win will be displayed in the WIN field (to the right of BALANCE). Separate wins in a winning combination will be displayed during the win presentation. Symbol payouts are displayed in the paytable and reflect the current bet configuration. Only the highest win per winning way is paid. MAX WIN The maximum achievable win in this game is 12 500 times your bet. The maximum win may be achieved by triggering specific combinations and/or features. When this amount is reached the game will display a message indicating the maximum win has been reached. The current round will then immediately end and your winnings will be awarded. If this occurs during free spins and/or other bonus feature(s), the game will return to the main screen and any remaining free spins and/or other bonus feature(s) will be discarded. FREE SPINS In Free spins the total win for each spin is shown in the WIN field while the accumulating win for all free spins is shown in the TOTAL WIN field next to the number of remaining spins. AUTOPLAY Using Autoplay will let you play a number of game rounds automatically. Press the AUTOPLAY button and choose a number of game rounds to initiate this feature. The remaining number of spins is displayed. Autoplay is stopped by pressing the STOP button. ADVANCED AUTOPLAY SETTINGS The Advanced Autoplay settings allow the player to set number of plays, total session lost limit and single win limit. The autoplay feature will stop when any of the selected limits are exceeded. TURBO PLAY The Turbo Play functionality is used to get the fastest game round possible (not available on all operators and jurisdictions). Turbo Play is activated from the menu. KEYBINDS - SHIFT + S - Toggle Sound - SHIFT + M - Toggle Music - SHIFT + I or G - Show/Hide Game info - SHIFT + P - Show/Hide Game info paytable - SHIFT + Arrow UP/DOWN - Change Bet amount - ESC or BACKSPACE - Closes fullscreen windows (ex Game info) - SHIFT + T - Change Turbo mode - SHIFT + B or F - Show/Hide Bonus buy/FeatureSpins™ menu - SHIFT + Arrow LEFT/RIGHT - Navigate between Bonus buy/FeatureSpins™ on confirmation page - SHIFT + 1/2/3/4 - Bonus buy shortcut (to confirmation page) - SHIFT + F1/F2/F3/F4 - FeatureSpins™ shortcut (to confirmation page) - SHIFT + ENTER - Confirm purchase of Bonus buy/FeatureSpins™ - SHIFT + A - Show Autoplay menu/Stop Autoplay - SHIFT + ENTER - Start Autoplay if Autoplay menu is open - SHIFT + Arrow LEFT/RIGHT - Change number of rounds in Autoplay menu ADDITIONAL INFORMATION In addition to the features described here, the bar on the bottom of the game screen displays the current balance in the chosen currency, the amount paid if a win occurs, and the amount bet on the last/current proposition. INTERRUPTED GAME In the event of disconnection, a previously started round that has been interrupted may be resumed immediately by starting the game again. The results of a completed round (where display of the visual result was interrupted) will only be re-displayed within the game for winning rounds, but all game rounds may be reviewed in History. Any amount wagered on an unfinished game will remain paused until you either complete the game or the game is void as a result of account inactivity or system maintenance. When an unfinished game is void, your bet will be refunded to your account. Any awards earned on an unfinished round will not be credited unless you resume and complete the game. Winnings on unfinished game rounds where the player cannot further influence the outcome of the game will be automatically credited to the player’s account after 1 day. Game rounds will never be affected by unforeseen external errors due to hardware, bandwidth, network errors or similar. Game rounds will be either stored and completed by the player at a later time or they will be closed and the wager will be refunded to the player. If an incomplete game round has not been resumed within 1 day, the round will be rolled back and the wager will be refunded. HISTORY The result of a completed game may be viewed in History immediately after closing the game window. Results of unfinished games are not displayed in History. GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS - Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. - Any visual representation of a physical device (a reel, a wheel of fortune or similar) does not represent a “real” physical device and the probabilities of it stopping on any particular position is determined by the game’s random number generator, and not the number of positions on each device. Last modification date: 4/14/2026