Money Megaways Introduction Pixiu’s Money Megaways is a Megaways slot featuring a symbol upgrade feature, a free spins bonus, a hold & respin bonus and 3 fixed jackpots. Megaways is under licence from Big Time Gaming. How to Play Money Megaways only pays from left to right starting with the left-most reel. Select your desired bet using the stake menu window. Once ready, click SPIN to start the game. Winning Payouts The Paytable, showing payouts for winning symbol combinations, is accessed by clicking the ‘i’ symbol on the main interface. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel, and the symbols have to be on consecutive reels. Winning combination prize is calculated by multiplying the winning combination payout as shown in the Paytable by your bet. Total win amounts are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a win pop-up opens displaying the total win of the spin. Wild Symbols The wild symbol can appear on all reels except reel 1. The wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except for the free spins bonus, hold & respin bonus, jackpot and upgrade symbols. Free Spins Bonus Round The Free Spins Bonus Round is triggered if you hit 4, 5 or 6 scattered Bonus symbols. ● 4 x Bonus symbols awards 8 Free Spins. ● 5 x Bonus symbols awards 10 Free Spins. ● 6 x Bonus symbols awards 12 Free Spins. It is possible to retrigger Free Spins during the Free Spins Bonus Round. 4 scatters award 4 additional free spins, then +4 additional free spins for each additional scatter. A global multiplier that starts at 1x increases +1 for every cascade. Free Spins are played with the same stake value of the game that triggered the Free Spins Bonus Round. Hold & Respin Bonus Round The Hold & Respin Bonus Round is triggered with 4+ Hold & Respin scatter symbols. When the bonus is triggered, the reel layout holds. All symbols are removed from the screen expect the hold & respin scatter symbols. The player starts the bonus with 3 lives. Each empty symbol position spins independently. Either a scatter symbol lands or the symbol position is left empty. If no scatter symbols land in any of the empty symbol positions, the player loses one life. If a scatter symbol lands in any of the empty symbol positions, the player's lives are reset to three. Every scatter has a monetary value attached to it represented as a multiple of bet. At the end of the feature, the value of these scatter symbols is collected by the player. The feature ends when the player has no lives remaining or they have filled all empty positions with scatter symbols. Jackpots On any paid or free spin, the player can win one of three fixed jackpots. The jackpots are fixed and are linked to the bet size. ● 4 x jackpot symbols awards the Silver jackpot (50x). ● 5 x jackpot symbols awards the Gold jackpot (500x). ● 6 x jackpot symbols awards the Crypto jackpot (5,000x). Symbol Upgrade Feature On any paid or free spin, the upgrade feature can randomly trigger. The upgrade symbol is an oversized 2x1 symbol that only exists on the bonus reel. The symbol needs to land fully in view to trigger the feature. When triggered, a symbol is selected at random to be upgraded to a higher value symbol. Terms and Return to Player In the event of a game in real play being interrupted, (i.e. started but not completed due to connectivity issues or accidentally closing the browser, etc.), depending on the previous state of the game, it will either resume from the point of the last draw, or display the outcome of the game already in play. Any winnings will be correctly credited to your account and will be exact, according to the result prior to the game being interrupted. In the event of a non-responsive game or problem during a bonus round, the game will repeat the incomplete game and display the result to you when you next launch the game. The outcome of any bonus round is predetermined by the server before you enter the bonus round. The odds of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of the week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior game losses do not influence or change future games in any way. . The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 95.07%. This RTP represents the long- term expected payback of the game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 4/7/2026