Nitropolis TV Nitropolis TV is a 6 column, 4 rows slot with spinning reels and an extra special row above the symbol grid with Nitro Reels. The minimum bet is $ 0.20, and the maximum bet is $ 40.00. Each bet is 100 coins. Wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left-to-right only on consecutive reels. In case of Both Ways being active, the wins can also begin with the rightmost reel and pay right-to-left only on consecutive reels. No gaps between the reels are allowed. Only the longest payline per active payline is paid out. A game round starts on the selected bet level when the player hits the spin button. The game can be played automatically by activating Auto Spin. Hold down the spin button or use the Auto Spin button to set the number of game rounds to be played automatically. Winnings and winning combinations are paid out according to the paytable. Winnings are presented in the player's currency or in coins. The player can change preference in Settings. Nitropolis TV is played in two modes; normal mode and bonus mode with free spins. All spins in normal mode start with 4 rows and 4,096 ways to win. An active Nitro Reel covers two symbol positions and contains 2, 4, 6, 8, 10 or 12 identical 1x1 payout symbols, or wild symbols. All Nitro Reels are placed on the special row above the symbol grid. Each initial spin may activate one or more randomly sized Nitro Reels. Nitro Reels that are activated are kept in play until the end of the gameround. A Nitro Reel spins when it is activated. An activated Nitro Reel respins in case it is a part of a win, and in the beginning of every free spin. The stars on payout symbols are collected reel by reel and are used to activate and/or increase the size of the Nitro Reel above each reel to contain more symbols. The collection takes place prior to a respin. If a Nitro Reel already has the maximum size of 12, that Nitro Reel will be filled with wild symbols instead. The wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except the vulture, bonus and the super bonus symbols. A payline of all wilds pays as the highest value symbol. The wild symbol, all low and high value symbols exist in three sizes; standard 1x1, Super 2x2 and Mega 3x3. All big symbols are counted as consisting of the number of 1x1 symbol instances it covers, e.g. a Super 2x2 consists of 4 standard 1x1 symbols. The vulture symbol may land in any spin. It triggers one of four features: Match Up, Nitro Shift, Nitro Upgrade or Both Ways, and then it turns into a wild symbol. The vulture symbol is activated prior to the win evaluation. The wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except the vulture, bonus and the super bonus symbols. A payline of all wilds pays as the highest value symbol. The wild symbol, all low and high value symbols exist in three sizes; standard 1x1, Super 2x2 and Mega 3x3. All big symbols are counted as consisting of the number of 1x1 symbol instances it covers, e.g. a Super 2x2 consists of 4 standard 1x1 symbols. The vulture symbol may land in any spin. It triggers one of four features: Match Up, Nitro Shift, Nitro Upgrade or Both Ways, and then it turns into a wild symbol. The vulture symbol is activated prior to the win evaluation. The Both Ways feature activates win evaluation from both ends. All subsequent ways connections then pay from left to right starting from the leftmost reel, and from right to left starting from the rightmost reel. The Both Ways feature then remains active until the bonus mode is triggered or the game round ends. If triggered in the bonus game, the Both Ways feature only remains active until the end of the current free spin, but it remains active throughout an entire super bonus game. The Both Ways feature becomes deactivated in case it is active when bonus mode is triggered. The Match Up feature chooses a random number of low value symbol types currently in view and replaces all of their symbol instances with the same high value symbol, or wild symbols. The replacement occurs before the win evaluation. The Nitro Shift feature swaps places of a random number of Nitro Reels to try to create a win or extend an existing win. A shift might include an inactive Nitro Reel. The swaps occur before the win evaluation. The Nitro Upgrade feature activates a random number of inactive Nitro Reels, and/or increases the size of already activated Nitro Reels to contain more symbols. If a Nitro Reel selected for upgrade is already at the maximum size of 12, that Nitro Reel will be filled with wild symbols instead. A combination of three or more bonus symbols during normal mode triggers the bonus mode with free spins. 3 bonus symbols: 8 free spins 4 bonus symbols: 10 free spins 5 bonus symbols: 12 free spins 6 bonus symbols: 14 free spins A combination of bonus symbols and a super bonus symbol triggers the Super Bonus Game where every free spin starts with a Nitro Reel filled with wild symbols, and the Both Ways feature is active throughout the entire bonus round. During free spins, all activated Nitro Reels are kept and remain in play for the remaining free spins. The free spins bonus game ends when no free spins remain or when the win cap has been reached. Winnings are paid out at the end of the bonus mode. No bets can be changed during an ongoing game round. A game round is immediately ended when the win cap is reached, and the wins collected so far will be paid out. The theoretical payout (RTP) in Nitropolis TV is 94.1%. The maximum total win in a game round is capped at 10 000x the placed bet. In the event of malfunction all bets and wins are void. Last modification date: 4/1/2026