Pop A Shot Extreme LuckyTap User Interface ‘+’ / ‘-’ buttons increase / decrease the bet value — the bet value is the total bet per game round. Starts a game round at the current bet value. Displays the autoplay options. Stops the autoplay session. The numerical value displayed within the button shows the number of autoplay game rounds remaining. Bet Deﬁnitions Current Bet: The current bet is the value that appears above . Minimum Bet: The minimum bet is the lowest possible bet value, which is selected by pressing until the bet value no longer decreases. Bet Multiplier: The bet multiplier is defined as the current bet divided by the minimum bet. Autoplay Options Autoplay will allow game rounds to be played automatically. Click on the Autoplay button and select the number of Autoplay game rounds. Additional Information The overall return to player is 93.90%. The game outcomes are determined by a random number generator that has been certified by an approved test house. Misuse and malfunction voids all pays and plays. The above 2 points may be subject to further terms, conditions and processes of the gaming site operator. Wins A winning bet occurs when the Pop A shot ball is tossed into one of the 3 hoops. Above each hoop is a wedge meter, each winning bet may add another wedge to the meter or fill the meter completely: Filling the Big Prize meter awards the Big Prize Feature. Filling the Multiplier meter awards the Multiplier Pick Feature. Filling the Jackpot meter awards the Jackpot Wheel Feature. If a winning bet does not award a feature above, the successful hoop will award 3 random credit prizes. The wedge meters are for entertainment purposes only and cannot be used to determine chances of winning or losing if you continue to play. Big Prize Feature The Big Prize Feature is activated if the Big Prize meter is filled on a winning bet. If the Big Prize feature is activated, the player is awarded 1 of 3 and recieves the credit value associated with the Fire Pop A shot ball. Multiplier Pick Feature The Multiplier Feature is activated if the multiplier meter is filled on a winning bet. If the Multiplier Pick Feature is activated, the player will pick a Golden Pop A shot ball, revealing a random multiplier of x2, x3, x4, x5, x6, or x7. 3-14 Credit Prizes are awarded, which will be multiplied by the random multiplier. Jackpot Wheel Feature The Jackpot Wheel Feature is activated if the Jackpot meter is filled on a winning bet. The Jackpot Wheel Feature will randomly award a Progressive Jackpot: Minor, Major, or Mega. If the wheel lands on the Minor wedge during the Jackpot Wheel Feature, the value of the Minor Jackpot is awarded. If the wheel lands on the Major wedge during the Jackpot Wheel Feature, the value of the Major Jackpot is awarded. If the wheel lands on the Mega wedge during the Jackpot Wheel Feature, the value of the Mega Jackpot is awarded. Each wedge of the wheel is not equally weighted. The Multiplier Feature is not active during the Jackpot Wheel Feature. Each bet multiplier has its own Progressive Jackpots and contributions. Those unique progressives and contributions can only be achieved on the associated bet multiplier. The following contributions are made to Progressive Jackpots on each base game spin: .17% of the bet is contributed to the Mega Progressive Jackpot. .21% of the bet is contributed to the Major Progressive Jackpot. .24% of the bet is contributed to the Minor Progressive Jackpot. The start-up values for the Progressive Jackpots at the minimum bet are: Mega: $45.00 Major: $30.00 Minor: $15.00 The start-up values are multiplied by the bet multiplier for each bet level. There is no upper limit on Progressive Jackpot values. Pop A shot Feature Randomly the Pop A shot Feature can be awarded on a winning bet. If activated, the Pop A shot will split into 3, and each Pop A shot ball is guaranteed to land in a hoop. 9 credit prizes are awarded to the player, including the Big Prize if awarded. All 3 features have a chance of being activated. If the Multiplier Pick Feature is activated, the random multiplier will multiply all 9 credit prizes. Jackpot amounts cannot be multiplied by any multiplier. Last modification date: 3/31/2026