Red Panda Tails of Wealth RED PANDA TAILS OF WEALTH How to play INTRODUCTION Red Panda Tails of Wealth is a 5x3 reel slot with 20 paylines that features a Red Panda as the titular character, which brings great fortune whenever it appears. When the Red Panda brings you favor, expanded Wilds can randomly appear on the reels or you can win an instant prize. In addition, each wild symbol that appears has a chance to trigger the Jackpot Bonus where you have a chance to win one of the game’s 3 progressive jackpots! HOW TO PLAY Red Panda Tails of Wealth is played with a fixed number of 20 active paylines that only pay from left to right. Select your desired bet using the bet selection window. Once ready, click the SPIN button to start the game. HOW TO WIN When the reel spin is complete, if you get 3 or more identical symbols on consecutive reels, starting with the leftmost reel, you win the payout associated with that symbol, as shown in the paytable. All winning combination prizes are calculated by multiplying the winning combination payout, as shown in the paytable, by your total bet. Total win amounts are shown for each winning spin. In the case of large wins, a win pop-up opens displaying the total win of the spin. RED PANDA WILD When a Red Panda Wild symbol lands on reels 2, 3 or 4, a coin will fly to the Water Well, potentially triggering the Jackpot Wheel Bonus. In addition, the Red Panda Wild symbol will expand and turn the entire reel Wild. The expanded Red Panda Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except the Bonus Scatter symbol. INSTANT WIN FEATURE The Instant Win symbol can randomly appear on any position in reel 3. When this happens, the Red Panda will appear on screen to reveal an instant win prize, which can range from 5x to 200x your bet. EXTRA WILDS FEATURE On occasion, Regular Wild symbols may randomly appear on any reel as a result of a losing spin. Additionally, the Regular Wild symbol comes with a coin that is added to the Water Well, potentially triggering the Jackpot Wheel Bonus. The Regular Wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except the Bonus Scatter symbol. FREE SPINS BONUS When 3, 4 or 5 Bonus Scatter symbols appear on the reels in any position, the Free Spins Bonus game is triggered. The number of free spins awarded during the bonus are as follows: 3 Bonus Symbols = 6 Free Spins 4 Bonus Symbols = 8 Free Spins 5 Bonus Symbols = 10 Free Spins In the Bonus, if a wild symbol lands on any of the reels 2, 3 or 4, it will expand to cover the entire reel AND it will lock into place for the remaining duration of the bonus round. The Free Spins Bonus round is played at the same bet as the base game spin on which it was triggered. JACKPOT BONUS The Jackpot Bonus is a mystery feature that can potentially trigger when a Red Panda Wild symbol is visible on the reels. When the feature is triggered, a Jackpot Wheel is displayed and it will spin once to grant one of the 6 jackpot prizes: Grand Progressive Jackpot Mega Progressive Jackpot Major Progressive Jackpot 20x bet multiplier 10x bet multiplier 6x bet multiplier Only one Jackpot Bonus can be triggered per game round. PROGRESSIVE JACKPOTS The odds of winning the jackpots are linear and proportional to the player’s bet. Jackpots can only be won during a Jackpot Bonus. Only one jackpot can be won during the same game. All progressive jackpots increment with every bet wagered. Major Jackpot The Major progressive jackpot has its own fixed reseed value of 25.00. 0.50% of each bet is added and contributes to the live progressive jackpot amount. Mega Jackpot The Mega progressive jackpot has its own fixed reseed value of 1,000.00. 1.00% of each bet is added and contributes to the live progressive jackpot amount. Grand Jackpot The Grand progressive jackpot has its own fixed reseed value of 20,000.00. 0.50% of each bet is added and contributes to the live progressive jackpot amount. JACKPOT LEGAL NOTICE Any Jackpot and its corresponding entry cost is defined in your operator’s default currency. If you are playing in any currency other than the default, jackpot values and entry costs visible in-game will be automatically converted into your local currency using a conversion rate as defined by your operator. Unless otherwise noted, all Jackpot values in this document are presented in default currency. Jackpot values displayed in-game are delayed by up to 30 seconds. The payout value of any Jackpot will be the current amount on the Jackpot server. Every effort is made to ensure that the amount displayed in the game is as close to the actual value as possible. Should two or more players appear to win the same Jackpot in close succession, then the first player will win the full amount and the next player will win the reseed amount plus any further contributions. The same will apply to any subsequent players. The progressive jackpot is available in “real play” only. MAX WIN Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed $250,000.00. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every bet configuration. Note: Progressive Jackpot winnings shall not be considered as part of the max win amount. TERMS AND RETURN TO PLAYER In the event of a game in real play being interrupted, (i.e. started but not completed due to connectivity issues or accidentally closing the browser, etc.), depending on the previous state of the game, it will either resume from the point of the last draw, or display the outcome of the game already in play. Any winnings will be correctly credited to your account and will be exact, according to the result prior to the game being interrupted. In the event of a non-responsive game or problem during a bonus round, the game will repeat the incomplete game and display the result to you when you next launch the game. The outcome of any bonus round is predetermined by the server before you enter the bonus round. The odds of getting a particular outcome are always the same at the start of every game. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of the week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior game losses do not influence or change future games in any way. The overall return to player (RTP) is 92.00%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. ACCESSIBILITY FEATURES This game was developed from the ground up with accessibility in mind. Our goal is to optimize the experience for all users including those using assistive technology (AT). Stakeholders from the disability community were engaged during development of this game to validate these features. Features include: Intuitive, easy to navigate Well labeled controls Keyboard accessibility and focus indication Mobile responsive Dynamic information provided to AT users. E.g., paylines, win value, bet increments Access to all information within slot UI, including reel exploration Excellent color contrast throughout Reels At any point text-to-speech users may explore the game reels within the “Reels” section. The grid is organized as an ordered list (1-15) top left (1) to bottom right (15). Refer to the Paylines table for more information. Results Following any win users can examine winning paylines within the Results section Last modification date: 4/14/2026