Survivor LuckyTap User Interface ‘+’ / ‘-’ buttons increase / decrease the bet value — the bet value is the total bet per game round. Starts a game round at the current bet value. Displays the autoplay options. Stops the autoplay session. The numerical value displayed within the button shows the number of autoplay game rounds remaining. Bet Deﬁnitions Current Bet: The current bet is the value that appears above . Minimum Bet: The minimum bet is the lowest possible bet value, which is selected by pressing until the bet value no longer decreases. Bet Multiplier: The bet multiplier is defined as the current bet divided by the minimum bet. Additional Information The overall return to player is 93.91%. The game outcomes are determined by a random number generator that has been certified by an approved test house. Misuse and malfunction voids all pays and plays. The above 2 points may be subject to further terms, conditions and processes of the gaming site operator. Wins During each wager, a new card is added to the top of the card pile. A winning play occurs when one of the following cards is revealed: , , or : Awards 3-14 credit prizes. : Activates the Air Raid Multiplier Feature. : Activates the Fire Starter Multiplier Feature. : Activates the Tribal Council Jackpot Feature. Replays may not visually show the same sequence of events, but will display the correct mathematical result. Supply Crate Cards The following cards award additional cards, a win may occur on the final card added to pile. A win is not guarenteed. : Awards two additional cards : Awards three additional cards : Awards five additional cards Air Raid Multiplier Feature If an card is revealed, the Air Raid Multiplier Feature will be activated. During the Air Raid Multiplier Feature, the player may fire up to 3 sandbags at the displayed multipliers. This feature guarantees a multiplier. Player initiates each launch by pulling back the slingshot. The sandbags will be a random color. The color is for entertainment purposes only. The multiplier hit by the sandbag will be awarded to the player. This multiplier is randomly selected, and is not impacted by player input. The potential multipliers that can be awarded are: 2X - 2x 3X - 3x 4X - 4x 5X - 5x 6X - 6x 7X - 7x 3-14 credit prizes are awarded. All credit prizes will be multiplied by the random multiplier. Fire Starter Multiplier Feature If a card is revealed, the Fire Starter Multiplier Feature will be activated. During the fire starter feature, players will have up to three attempts to light the fire. This feature guarantees a multiplier. The final multiplier is revealed when the rope is broken and the flag is raised. The potential multipliers that can be awarded are: 2X - 2x 3X - 3x 4X - 4x 5X - 5x 6X - 6x 7X - 7x 3-14 credit prizes are awarded. All credit prizes will be multiplied by the random multiplier. Tribal Council Jackpot Feature If a card is revealed, the Tribal Council Jackpot Feature will be activated. During the Tribal Council Jackpot Feature, different Jackpots are revealed, which are then eliminated from the possible winning outcome. Jackpots will continue to be eliminated until only one Jackpot remains. The last remaining Jackpot is awarded to the player. The potential Jackpots are: MINI - Mini MINOR - Minor MAJOR - Major MEGA - Mega SUPER - Super No multiplier can be awarded during the Tribal Council Jackpot Feature. Progressive Jackpots The Tribal Council Jackpot Feature must be awarded in order to win 1 of 5 Progressive Jackpots. The 5 Progressive Jackpots are: Mini, Minor, Major, Mega, and Super. If the Mini Jackpot is the last remaining Jackpot during the Tribal Council Jackpot Feature, the value of the Mini Jackpot is awarded. If the Minor Jackpot is the last remaining Jackpot during the Tribal Council Jackpot Feature, the value of the Minor Jackpot is awarded. If the Major Jackpot is the last remaining Jackpot during the Tribal Council Jackpot Feature, the value of the Major Jackpot is awarded. If the Mega Jackpot is the last remaining Jackpot during the Tribal Council Jackpot Feature, the value of the Mega Jackpot is awarded. If the Super Jackpot is the last remaining Jackpot during the Tribal Council Jackpot Feature, the value of the Super Jackpot is awarded. Only 1 Progressive Jackpot is awarded during the Tribal Council Jackpot Feature. Each bet multiplier has its own Progressive Jackpots and contributions. Those unique progressives and contributions can only be achieved on the associated bet multiplier. The following contributions are made to Progressive Jackpots on each base game spin: 30% of the bet is contributed to the Mini Progressive Jackpot. 24% of the bet is contributed to the Minor Progressive Jackpot. 19% of the bet is contributed to the Major Progressive Jackpot. 15% of the bet is contributed to the Mega Progressive Jackpot. 12% of the bet is contributed to the Super Progressive Jackpot. At a 1x bet multiplier, the start-up value for each Progressive Jackpot is: Mini - $10.00 Minor - $15.00 Major - $30.00 Mega - $150.00 Super - $750.00 The start-up values are multiplied by the bet multiplier for each bet level. There is no upper limit on Progressive Jackpot values. Last modification date: 4/7/2026