Toshi Ways Club ABOUT THE GAME Tokyo, beneath the flashing lights and towering signs, lies a secret club where the city’s spirits come to play. Inked in shades of beige, black, white, and ember orange, you can find a door to the underground video club where legends dance between TV-static and pop-up windows. Brave the spirit-infused cityscape for a chance to claim legendary Hackways™! Hack your way into Toshi Ways Club, a 6-reel and up to 10-row game with Ways and a max win of 10 000 times your bet, available in every game mode! FEATURES FLASH FRAMES When a winning combination occurs, the positions with the winning symbols will be highlighted by Flash Frames. Flash Frames will stick to the grid, and all the winning symbols within the Flash Frames will reveal new symbols. If subsequent wins occur, the new positions will be highlighted, and the winning Flash Frames will reveal new symbols until no new wins occur. SWAP SYMBOLS When a Swap scatter symbol lands on the grid at the same time as Flash Frames, the Swap symbol will activate after all wins have been settled. When activated, the Swap symbol will reveal 1 paying symbol. All symbols with a Flash Frame, including the Swap symbol, are replaced with the revealed symbol from the Swap symbol. New wins formed by the Swap symbols will not reveal new symbols. Only 1 Swap symbol can land on the grid at the same time. Once all the replacements and wins have been awarded, all Flash Frames are removed from the grid for the next spin. BONUS GAME - RETRO REBOOT Activate this bonus with 10 free spins by landing 3 FS scatter symbols at the same time during the base game. This bonus keeps the base game’s mechanics, and in addition, increases the chances of landing Swap symbols! Landing additional FS symbols at the same time in the bonus awards extra free spins: 2 FS symbols award +2 free spins, 3 FS symbols award +4 free spins. BONUS GAME - SUCKR PUNCH Activate this bonus with 10 free spins by landing 4 FS scatter symbols at the same time during the base game. This bonus game keeps the mechanics of the RETRO REBOOT bonus. In addition, a Slicing Swap scatter symbol can land. Slicing Swap symbols activate when there are Flash Frames on the grid. When activated, the Slicing Swap symbol will replace all Flash Frames, including itself, with 1 paying symbol. It will also cut all the Flash Frames and itself into the smallest possible symbol size, creating additional winning symbols. New winning symbols created after the replacement and slice will not be made into smaller symbols. New wins formed by the Swap or Slicing Swap symbols will not reveal new symbols. Only 1 Swap or Slicing Swap symbol can land on the grid at the same time. Landing additional FS symbols at the same time in the bonus awards extra free spins: 2 FS symbols award +2 free spins, 3 FS symbols award +4 free spins. HIDDEN EPIC BONUS - TOKYO DATA DRIFT Activate this bonus with 10 free spins by landing 5 FS scatter symbols at the same time during the base game. This bonus game keeps the mechanics of the SUCKR PUNCH bonus. In addition, 1 Swap or Slicing Swap symbol is guaranteed on every free spin! FS symbols cannot land in this bonus. SPECIAL SYMBOLS The Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols in the paytable. FS symbols cannot land at the same time as Swap or Slicing Swap symbols. FS symbols cannot appear in Flash Frames. WAYS TO WIN The specified requirements for a winning combination in the base game are also used during bonus features or free spins play unless otherwise stated. Each wager is eligible for all winning combinations unless otherwise stated. You win if matching symbols appear on adjacent reels from left to right, starting with the leftmost reel. Each winning combination of matching symbols creates a winning way. The number of possible ways in this game is 1 000 000. Please consult the paytable for the number of each symbol required to win. After every win the winning symbols are replaced with new symbols. This continues until there are no more new wins on the reels. BONUS BUY This game offers the possibility to purchase bonus game features directly from the main game by pressing the BUY BONUS button. This game offers the FeatureSpins™ buy option. When FeatureSpins™ are activated, each spin guarantees certain features and costs a set amount, based on your current bet level. FeatureSpins™ remain active until you disable them by clicking the DISABLE button. RTP - 95.18% GENERAL BALANCE Your current balance is shown in the BALANCE display. Balance, bets and winnings are presented in the player’s chosen currency. BET The current bet level is shown in the BET display. Change the bet by clicking on the arrows and choosing the bet level of your choice. The allowed bet levels for this game are between 0.10 and100.00. Feature buys can exceed this limit. SPIN The game is started by pressing the SPIN symbol button. The spacebar on the keyboard can also be used to initiate a spin. WIN Winnings and winning combinations are paid according to the paytable. Multiple wins in one round are added together and the total round win will be displayed in the WIN field (to the right of BALANCE). Separate wins in a winning combination will be displayed during the win presentation. Symbol payouts are displayed in the paytable and reflect the current bet configuration. Only the highest win per winning way is paid. MAX WIN The maximum achievable win in this game is 10 000 times your bet. The maximum win may be achieved by triggering specific combinations and/or features. When this amount is reached the game will display a message indicating the maximum win has been reached. The current round will then immediately end and your winnings will be awarded. If this occurs during free spins and/or other bonus feature(s), the game will return to the main screen and any remaining free spins and/or other bonus feature(s) will be discarded. FREE SPINS In Free spins the total win for each spin is shown in the WIN field while the accumulating win for all free spins is shown in the TOTAL WIN field next to the number of remaining spins. AUTOPLAY Using Autoplay will let you play a number of game rounds automatically. Press the AUTOPLAY button and choose a number of game rounds to initiate this feature. The remaining number of spins is displayed. Autoplay is stopped by pressing the STOP button. ADVANCED AUTOPLAY SETTINGS The Advanced Autoplay settings allow the player to set number of plays, total session lost limit and single win limit. The autoplay feature will stop when any of the selected limits are exceeded. TURBO PLAY The Turbo Play functionality is used to get the fastest game round possible (not available on all operators and jurisdictions). Turbo Play is activated from the menu. KEYBINDS - SHIFT + S - Toggle Sound - SHIFT + M - Toggle Music - SHIFT + I or G - Show/Hide Game info - SHIFT + P - Show/Hide Game info paytable - SHIFT + Arrow UP/DOWN - Change Bet amount - ESC or BACKSPACE - Closes fullscreen windows (ex Game info) - SHIFT + T - Change Turbo mode - SHIFT + B or F - Show/Hide Bonus buy/FeatureSpins™ menu - SHIFT + Arrow LEFT/RIGHT - Navigate between Bonus buy/FeatureSpins™ on confirmation page - SHIFT + 1/2/3/4 - Bonus buy shortcut (to confirmation page) - SHIFT + F1/F2/F3/F4 - FeatureSpins™ shortcut (to confirmation page) - SHIFT + ENTER - Confirm purchase of Bonus buy/FeatureSpins™ - SHIFT + A - Show Autoplay menu/Stop Autoplay - SHIFT + ENTER - Start Autoplay if Autoplay menu is open - SHIFT + Arrow LEFT/RIGHT - Change number of rounds in Autoplay menu ADDITIONAL INFORMATION In addition to the features described here, the bar on the bottom of the game screen displays the current balance in the chosen currency, the amount paid if a win occurs, and the amount bet on the last/current proposition. INTERRUPTED GAME In the event of disconnection, a previously started round that has been interrupted may be resumed immediately by starting the game again. The results of a completed round (where display of the visual result was interrupted) will only be re-displayed within the game for winning rounds, but all game rounds may be reviewed in History. Any amount wagered on an unfinished game will remain paused until you either complete the game or the game is void as a result of account inactivity or system maintenance. When an unfinished game is void, your bet will be refunded to your account. Any awards earned on an unfinished round will not be credited unless you resume and complete the game. Winnings on unfinished game rounds where the player cannot further influence the outcome of the game will be automatically credited to the player’s account after 1 day. Game rounds will never be affected by unforeseen external errors due to hardware, bandwidth, network errors or similar. Game rounds will be either stored and completed by the player at a later time or they will be closed and the wager will be refunded to the player. If an incomplete game round has not been resumed within 1 day, the round will be rolled back and the wager will be refunded. HISTORY The result of a completed game may be viewed in History immediately after closing the game window. Results of unfinished games are not displayed in History. GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS - Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. - Any visual representation of a physical device (a reel, a wheel of fortune or similar) does not represent a “real” physical device and the probabilities of it stopping on any particular position is determined by the game’s random number generator, and not the number of positions on each device. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 3/25/2026