Shi Fu Panda GAME RULES [SHI FU PANDA] is a 3x5, 243 Ways Pays video slot featuring Free Spins. A winning combination occurs when identical matching symbols appear consecutively from left to right, starting with the leftmost reel. Wins on different ways are added. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there may be an award cap on any single transaction. See the pay table for details. A transaction includes the results of the Free Spins feature, plus the outcome which launched the Free Spins feature. FUNCTION DESCRIPTION Bet Click / Tap “BET” to display the BET SELECT screen, and click / tap each amount on the BET SELECT screen to change the BET. The BET can also be changed by clicking / tapping “－” and “＋” icons. Spin Click / Tap the “Spin” icon to start the game. When the Speed function is off, click / tap “spin” icon again while the reels are spinning to speed up the reel spins Buy Bonus Click / Tap “Buy Bonus” icon to display the purchase window Choose a bet value and click / tap “Purchase amount” icon to buy Free Spins. Win The win for each spin is displayed on “WIN” icon. The symbol win payout according to the current bet is displayed on the pay table. Auto Spin Click / Tap “Auto Spin” to select the number of auto spins. Auto spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins and the remining number of spins is displayed while Auto spin is active. A Single Win Limit of 15x, 30x, or 60x the bet can be selected, and auto spin will stop if the selected limit is exceeded. Auto spin plays the specified number of spins until “Stop” icon is clicked / tapped, a bonus is triggered, or the balance is insufficient to spin are reached. Auto spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. During Auto spin, Bet, Win, Balance, and Spin/Stop all function in the same way as in normal game play. Speed Click / Tap “Speed” icon to make the game faster Sound Click / Tap “Sound” icon to turn the sound on/off. Click / Tap and hold “Sound” icon to display the volume bar to adjust the volume. Menu Click / Tap “Menu” icon to open the menu window. RTP - 94.29% Last modification date: 4/7/2026