Chillilot GAME DESCRIPTION Chillilot is a Mexican themed game. Wild Reels Feature starts after every tenth spin and completes a level of progress bar. Bonus Game triggers when progress count reaches 25, 50, 75, 100 or 200. This game has 5 reels, 4 rows with 50 fixed lines. FREE SPINS FEATURE Free Spin Appearing on reel 1, 3 and 5 triggers the Free Spins Feature. Before starting the Free Spins Feature, choose the Free Spins option which contains different number of Free Spins and Wild occurrence on the reels. Free Spins option are as follows: 10 Free Spins with 2 Wild Reels - WIN OFTEN 5 Free Spins with 3 Wild Reels - WIN MEDIUM 2 Free Spins with 4 Wild Reels - WIN BIG During the Free Spins Feature, the wild reels change positions after each spin. Free Spins Feature cannot be re-triggered. All lines and bet are the same as the game that triggered the feature. WILD REELS FEATURE After every tenth spin the Wild Reels Feature starts in base game only. During the Wild Reels Feature, the reels above which all indicators are lit up become wild for one spin. All indicators are saved on each bet. BONUS GAME The full wild progress bar increments the Bonus Game count by 1. Trigger the Bonus Game by reaching the counts shown below. During the Bonus Game, there is chance to have more wins with extra spins and wild reels. During the Bonus Game, Bonus Wheel is spun once and it may award 2, 3, 4, or 5 spins.. Bonus Count Prize 25 1 Bonus wheel spin 50 1 Bonus wheel spin 75 1 Bonus wheel spin 100 1 Bonus wheel spin 200 3 Bonus wheel spins Super Bonus game will be triggered when bonus progress bar reaches to 200. During Super Bonus, wheel is spun 3 times and accumulated spins will be awarded. Bonus spins are awarded on the next Wild Reels Feature trigger. Progress count is linked with current bet. If the bet changes, the progress count will also be changed according to current bet. GAME RULES The game requires a minimum of 50 credits multiplied by coin value to play. This game is intended for all play lines. All wins on consecutive reels beginning with the leftmost reel except Free spins. All wins on win lines only except Free spins. All wins are multiplied by coin value. Coinciding wins on different paylines are added. Wins on different lines are added. Free Spins wins are added to line wins. Only highest win is paid on each line. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. All open game rounds (pending state) will be automatically settled after 30 days. HOW TO PLAY Select your bet. Press the Spin button to start the game cycle. METERS AND BUTTONS Bet: Displays the current bet. Bet is determined by multiplication of the current coin value with current coin size. Coin Value/Coin Size: The coin value and the coin size determine your bet on the spin. Spin Button: Starts the game. When the reels are spinning, the spin button transforms into the Stop Button. Press the Stop Button to stop the reels immediately. Max Bet: Displays the maximum bet. Autoplay (wherever applicable) - Player can set the game to spin without the need to press the spin button every time. You can choose the number of spins to play automatically by selecting through the various options available in the menu. Autoplay can be manually stopped by pressing the Autoplay Stop button. Win: Displays the win for the current or last win paid. Balance: Displays the balance amount of the player. All balance, bet and win meter would be shown in the respective currency. LOBBY BAR Home: - Player can return to lobby by selecting this button. AUTOPLAY SETTINGS Number of spins (wherever applicable): Select number of Auto spins as per available choice. NET POSITION Net position (wherever applicable): The Net position will display customer’s net position, in the currency of their account or product (e.g., Pounds Sterling, Dollar, Euro) since the session started. Net position is defined as the total of all winnings minus the sum of all losses since the start of the session. REALITY CHECK Reality check (wherever applicable): The Reality check feature may display as a periodic in-game notifications for the real money players. Game gets suspended whenever the check appears during game play and only resumes once the player has acknowledged the check and has taken displayed actions. "Back to game":- Notifying player to resume the game. "To Lobby":- Quits the current game (after a final prompt) and back to the Operator's Main Game Menu Screen. MALFUNCTION In case of any malfunction of hardware or software during the game play, all current game bets and payouts are considered void and all bets affected are refunded. RTP: The return to player of the game is 93.99%. Last modification date: 4/14/2026