Azteca Gold Collect GAME RULES AZTECA GOLD COLLECT is a slot machine with 5 reels and 3 rows that offers 25 paylines and a free spin feature. The SPIN button starts a spin with the selected bet. By pressing AUTOSPIN you will play automatically with the number of selected spins. In the event that a combination of symbols were to give more than one win, the combination with the highest winnings will be awarded with the configuration that produces the highest multiplier. The Wild symbol can replace any other symbol except the Bonus, Azteca Gold and Azteca Collect. Azteca Gold symbols appear on reels 1, 2, 3, and 4 and contain a random win value. Azteca Collect symbols appear only on the fifth reel and grant the wins from any Azteca Gold symbols that landed during the spin. There are 5 types of Azteca Collect symbols: Collect, Plus Collect, Multiplier Collect, Expand Collect, and Respin Collect. AZTECA COLLECT SYMBOL The values of all Azteca Gold symbols on the reels are added up and awarded as a total win. PLUS COLLECT SYMBOL The value of this symbol is added to each Azteca Gold symbol present on the spin. Then the total win is added up and awarded. MULTIPLIER COLLECT SYMBOL Each Azteca Gold symbol present on the spin is multiplied by the value of this symbol. The total win is then added up and awarded. EXPAND COLLECT SYMBOL All reels containing at least one Azteca Gold symbol expand to fill the reel with Azteca Gold symbols. The added symbols receive new random values, which are then added up and awarded as a total win. RESPIN COLLECT SYMBOL Azteca Gold symbols are held in place and a respin is triggered. At the end of the respin, the values of the Azteca Gold symbols on the reels are added up and awarded as a total win. All combinations are paid from left to right on adjacent reels, starting from the leftmost reel. FREE SPINS BONUS FEATURE 3 or more BONUS symbols on the reels award 16 free spins. The BONUS symbol appears on reels 1, 3 and 5. If 3 Bonus symbols appear on reels 1, 3 and 5 during the free spins feature, an additional 8 free spins are awarded. Azteca Gold symbols and the Azteca Collect feature remain active during the Free Spins feature. During Free Spins, the value of all Azteca Gold symbols that land is added to a pot. When Free Spins end, the total pot value returns to the reels as a giant Azteca Gold symbol occupying reels 1 to 4. A final respin is triggered, and if an Azteca Collect symbol lands on the fifth reel, the accumulated pot is awarded as a win. The free spins feature is played with some special reels. The "Free Spins Bonus Feature" is played at the same betting level as the spin that activated the feature. If the player doesn't click the "Continue" button for a certain amount of time, the free spins feature will start automatically. If the game gets interrupted during a free spins bonus, the game shall randomly complete the round and store the winnings. Upon the next connection to the game, the winnings shall be credited to the player's balance and a complete replay of the bonus round shall be available at the 'Historical Betting' interface. FREE ROUND BONUS FRBs (Free Round Bonus) are rounds that you can enjoy completely for free. They come at the discretion of the operator, not from regular play. If you have FRBs you will be notified when the game loads and a notification window will also be shown when the FRBs run out in order to notify you that the next round will cost the established bet amount. The value of the bet cannot be changed and the rules of the rounds are the same as the normal playing mode. RETURN TO PLAYER The user return (RTP) is 95.3%. The RTP achieved during a simulation of 10000 million games. Additional Information Incomplete games will be automatically resolved. Any winnings from automatically resolved games shall be paid upon next connection to the game. Replay functionality can be used to review completion of the game. All winnings remaining to be paid from incomplete games shall be discarded after 24 months of the initial incomplete game. If a technical error occurs in the game hardware/software, all of the bets and payments made will be cancelled. For further information, check out the operator's website. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 3/31/2026