10000 Bass 10K Ways 10,000 BASS 10K WAYS™ is a 10K WAYS™ slot game with up to 10,000 ways to win. The game has 6 reels. It has 4 rows on reels 1 and 6; and 5 rows (inclusive of top reel) on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5.The Average Theoretical Return to Player (RTP) is: 94.00% RULES WILD WILD substitutes for all symbols except SCATTER and BASS. WILD appears on top reel only. SCATTER Free Spins are triggered when 4 or more SCATTER appear. SCATTER symbols do not appear on the top reel, and appear on the vertical reels only. BASS Each BASS symbol displays a random prize or bonus prize. Whenever a WILD lands, it collects the prizes and/or bonus prizes from all BASS symbols on the reels. After WILD symbols have collected prizes from BASS symbols, all WILD and BASS symbols explode and are replaced by symbols coming from above on the reels and from the right in the top reel. Mini and Minor bonus prizes may be awarded more than once per game round. Grand and Major bonus prizes may each be awarded up to 2 times per game round (once if 1 WILD lands when a Grand or Major bonus prize appears, or twice if 2 WILDs land when a Grand or Major bonus prize appears). 5x ~ 9x 2x ~ 4x 1x ~ 1.75x Grand bonus prize is 1000 x total bet. Major bonus prize is 250 x total bet. Minor bonus prize is 50 x total bet. Mini bonus prize is 10 x total bet. Non-bonus prizes range from 1 to 9 x total bet. BASS symbols do not appear on the top reel, and appear on the vertical reels only. Bonus prizes are not progressive. Prizes displayed over BASS symbols have already been multiplied by total bet amount. FREE SPINS Free Spins are triggered when 4 or more SCATTER appear. 4x SCATTER awards 10 Free Spins. 5x SCATTER awards 15 Free Spins. 6x SCATTER awards 20 Free Spins. All WILD symbols that land during Free Spins are collected. Every 4th WILD symbol collected retriggers 10 more free spins with an increased BASS prize multiplier. Collect a total of 4 WILD symbols to retrigger 10 extra Free Spins with a x2 multiplier. Collect a total of 8 WILD symbols to retrigger 10 extra Free Spins with a x3 multiplier. Collect a total of 12 WILD symbols to retrigger 10 extra Free Spins with a x4 multiplier. The retriggered Free Spins are played after the previous batch of free spins ends. After the third retrigger, no more Free Spins can be retriggered. BASS prizes and bonus prizes are multiplied by the multiplier. Multiplier only applies to BASS prizes and bonus prizes, and does not apply to any other wins. Free Spins are played at the bet of the triggering spin. SCATTER symbols do not appear during Free Spins. GAME RULES Player selects a Total Bet size to play 10,000 ways. Payouts are made according to the paytable. All wins are multiplied by total bet. Highest win paid per winning combination. Coinciding wins are added. Only positions containing the winning symbol are used in determining the win for that symbol. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right only on adjacent reels. WILD substitutes for all symbols except SCATTER and BASS. WILD appears on the top reel only. The top reel adds a symbol to the reel it is above for reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. Every winning symbol (except SCATTER) explodes and is replaced by symbols coming from above on the reels and from the right in the top reel. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. HOW TO PLAY Pick your bet amount and push spin button. Spin Button Places a bet then spins the reels. Menu Button Opens a window where the player can view info pages; go to lobby; change bets; configure autoplay and adjust game settings. It defaults to info pages. Balance Meter Display the player's current balance. Total Bet Meter Display the total wager staked. Win Meter Display the current win amount. Info Button Display info pages. Return to Game Button Go back to base game. Home Button Go to Lobby. Configurable per operator. Autoplay Button (Optional, only applicable in some jurisdictions) Opens Autoplay configuration window, where the player can select the desired number of autoplay and start autoplay. Stop Autoplay Button (Optional, only applicable in some jurisdictions) Stops autoplay. Number of autoplays remaining will be shown over the button. Bet Settings Button Opens Bet configuration window, where player can select the desired bet amount. Game Settings Button Open Game settings configuration window, where the player can adjust the following: Turn sounds On or Off. Turn background music On or Off (keep sound effects On). Sound Buttons Turn sounds On or Off respectively. Bonus Meters Show Bonus amounts. Keyboard Shortcuts Space bar: Pressing the Space bar will initiate Spin. Autoplay (Optional, only applicable in some jurisdictions) Allows automatic consecutive normal game plays for a certain amount of spins. Last modification date: 4/7/2026