Lucky Train Basic Rules The base game is played on a 5x3 grid, with 50 lines. All wins are shown at a bet multiplier of 1 All line wins pay from left to right on adjacent reels, starting with the leftmost reel. Only the highest line win is paid on each active pay line. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. All wins are shown in credits. and is wild and substitutes for the following symbols: , , , , , , , , , and Wild can land on all reels. All wins are multiplied by the bet level multiplier, and are awarded as displayed. Player is responsible to confirm credits registered before game start. Wins on multiple lines are added together. EXPANDING REELS FEATURE If 3 land on reel 3, the Expanding Reels Feature will begin. Once triggered, the reels will expand to 5 rows. If the Respin Feature is triggered during this event, then the feature will be played with 5 rows. Respin Feature Any 5 or more appearing on the reels after all features and reel stops will trigger the Respin Feature. The number of symbols that triggered the free games feature is equal to the number of spins the player starts with in the feature. Once triggered, each position on the reel window will become an independent reel. All that land on the reels award 1 spin and are held for the remainder of the feature. All non-held reels will spin on each feature spin. No line wins can be won in the duration of the feature. If a appears on the reel(s) at the end of the spin, then the Bonus Prize Meter is increased by 1, the reel(s) become locked and the player is awarded 1 spin. Once the Bonus Prize Meter has increased by 1, becomes . Feature ends when all positions are filled or when 0 feature spins remain. will reveal its value only at the end of the feature. The player collects all values on each symbol that appears on all reels. If 3 are collected, then the Bonus Prize Feature will be played upon completion of the final Respin Feature played. Each , awards 50, 75, 100, 125, 150, 200, 250, 375, 500, 750, 1000, 1250, 1500, 2500, 5000 or 7500 times the bet multiplier from the awarding game. awards 375, 500, 750, 1000, 1250, 1500, 2500, 5000 or 7500 times the bet multiplier from the awarding game. Respin Wild Feature Rules During the base game (5x3 only), 3 or 4 along with 0, 1, 2, 3, 4 or 5 may be randomly placed on the reels. If a or appears below the added it will be counted toward the Respin Feature trigger. Instant Respin Feature For any base game spin that doesn’t trigger the Respin Feature, there is a chance to instantly trigger the respin feature. The reel layout will be filled with 5, 6, 7 or 8 symbols. Blackout feature Upon completion of a Respin Feature, if all positions are filled, the player will then be awarded 1 free Respin Feature to play immediately. The credit collection meter will reset and the Bonus Prize Meter will reset to 0. This new feature will begin with the same number of in the same positions as the initial Respin Feature, but with new values. The feature will also start with the same number of respins as the initial feature. Only 1 Bonus Prize Feature can be won during all Respin Features played. If a player has won a Bonus Prize Feature in a previous Respin Feature played, then the symbol can no longer be shown. BONUS PRIZE FEATURE This feature is awarded when: Any 3 appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 Instant Bonus Prize Feature is awarded 3 are collected during the Respin Feature Once triggered, a board of 12 items are shown to the player. The Bonus Prize Feature will only be played after all Respin Features have been played. The player will be asked to pick 1 of the 12 items until 3 of the same symbol are matched. Each item can reveal GRAND, MAJOR, MAXI or MINI. The GRAND can only be won by collecting 3 Grand symbols, and awards 10,000x the player bet. The MAJOR can only be won by collecting 3 Major symbols, and awards 1,000x the player bet. The MAXI can only be won by collecting 3 Maxi symbols, and awards 40x the player bet. The MINI can only be won by collecting 3 Mini symbols, and awards 15x the player bet. Once 3 of the same Bonus prize symbols are collected, the player will win that Bonus prize and the feature ends. Instant Bonus Prize Feature In the base game only, an Instant Bonus Prize symbol can land and trigger the Bonus Prize Feature instantly. CUMULATIVE WIN LIMIT The cumulative win limit is 10360 multiplied by the total bet in both the base game and free games. If the win limit is reached, the round immediately ends, the current win total is awarded, and all remaining free games are forfeited. Quick start Game starts by setting a selected Bet amount and by pressing the Spin button. Round ends when reels stop and there are no wins, or after the win presentation if there are wins. Turbo mode (where available) Turbo mode is speeding up reels spinning animation when enabled. This option does not influence the game round result but only visual presentation. Game menu Game menu contains options and settings that control some of the game features: History - Displays previous rounds from the current session Close Game - Closes the game client Sound - Controls the Sound FXs in the game (on/off) Music - Controls the Music in the game (on/off) Turbo mode (where available) - Controls the Turbo mode feature (on/off) Left Hand Mode (where available) - Controls the position of the UI on Mobile devices Vibrate (where available) - Controls the vibration on the Mobile devices (on/off) Game is paused while the menu is visible and can be closed by pressing the Close button or anywhere on the screen. Bet selection Game starts with a default Bet amount set for the game. Player can change the Bet amount by either: Using Plus and Minus buttons next to the Bet Amount Pressing the Bet amount where Bet Amount selector will open up Bet amount cannot be changed during a game round and if there is a win presentation happening, changing bet Amount will reset the presentation. Autoplay mode (where available) Autoplay mode enables automatic play of game. It can be enabled or disabled at any time during the Base game. Autoplay mode is enabled by pressing the Autoplay button which allows the player to select: Number of rounds to be played automatically. Loss Limit (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode if Balance is reduced by more than Loss Limit amount. Stop on Bonus Feature (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode when Bonus game or Free games are triggered. Stop on Win above (where available)- Disables the Autoplay mode when there is a single round win exceeding the amount entered. Autoplay button will display the remaining number of spins to be played automatically. Pressing on the Spin button while Autoplay mode is enabled will reset the number of Rounds and disable the Autoplay mode. Malfunction A malfunction of the game voids all pays. In case the game round is interrupted, it can be restored by simply starting the game again. If it is not restored, the round is voided within the jurisdictional requirements or operator's policy and their terms and conditions. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. RTP of this game is 93.98% Last modification date: 3/31/2026