Dragon Power Triple Gold Dollars and Dreams BASIC RULES is wild and substitutes for the following symbols: , , , , K, Q, J, 10 AND 9. substitutes for all symbols except , and . is wild and substitutes for the following symbols: , , , , , , K, Q, J, 10 and 9. substitutes for all symbols except . All line wins pay from left to right on adjacent reels, starting with the leftmost reel. Only the highest line win is paid on each active pay line. Scatter wins pay in any position. Only the highest scatter win is paid per play. Wins on multiple lines are added together. Scatter wins are paid in addition to line wins. All line wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier. Reels are determined at the start of each game. GOLDEN ORB FEATURE Randomly in a base game spin, and/or can be added to reels 2, 3, and/or 4. substitutes for and . substitutes for and . Any line win that includes is multiplied by 2. Any line win that includes 2 is multiplied by 4. Any line win that includes 3 is multiplied by 8. counts as 2 towards triggering the Dragon Power Respin Feature. DRAGON POWER RESPIN FEATURE 6 or more and/or activates the Dragon Power Respin Feature. where counts as 2 . At the start of a Respin Feature triggered from the reels, the player may be awarded up to 3 before any Respins occur. 3 Respins are awarded. If one or more additional appears, it is locked into place and the number of Respins is reset to 3. The Respin Feature ends when either no Respins remain or all positions are , and/or , and the total bonus win is awarded. Any , , or can have attached to it. If all positions are , and/or , the GRAND is awarded. The GRAND bonus is US$2,000.00. The MAJOR bonus is awarded when appears on a , or , that is won. The MAJOR bonus is US$125.00. The MINOR bonus is awarded when appears on a , or , that is won. The MINOR bonus is US$25.00. The MINI bonus is awarded when appears on a , or , that is won. The MINI bonus is US$5.00. The player is awarded an additional feature if they collect 3 during the feature. The additional feature is played immediately after the current feature has ended. At the start of the additional feature, all positions that do not contain or are reset so that they do not contain any locked symbols. Positions with or are locked for the entirety of the additional feature. An additional feature can be won during any Dragon Power Respin Feature. Each appears with a bonus, bonus, bonus or a value of US$0.50, US$1.00, US$1.50, US$2.00, US$2.50, US$5.00, US$7.50, US$10.00, US$25.00, US$50.00. Each appears with a bonus, bonus, bonus or a value of US$1.00, US$1.50, US$2.00, US$2.50, US$5.00, US$7.50, US$10.00, US$25.00, US$50.00. Each appears with 2 of the following: a bonus, bonus, bonus or a value of US$1.00, US$1.50, US$2.00, US$2.50, US$5.00, US$7.50, US$10.00, US$25.00, US$50.00. Values displayed on and have been pre-multiplied. Different reels are used during the feature. The feature is played at the same bet as the awarding game. Each symbol position is a separate reel during the feature. No line or scatter wins are available during the feature. FREE GAMES FEATURE Any 3, 4 or 5 awards 8, 15 or 25 free games respectively. During Free Games, all wins for a spin are multiplied by either 2, 3, 5, 8, 10, 12, 15, 18, 20, 25, 50 or 75. During Free Games, 3, 4 or 5 awards 8, 15 or 25 additional free games respectively. Feature ends when 0 Free Games remain. Different reels are used during the feature. The bet multiplier is the same as the game that triggered the feature. Paytable Winnings per symbol are calculated for Bet amount of US$0.60. RTP of this game is 95.45%. BOLT ON FEATURE The feature is played at the same bet level multiplier that triggered the feature. The feature can be triggered during any spin in the main game that resulted in 0 credits awarded to the player. At the start of the bonus, appears on reel 5 and locks over that reel for the remainder of the free games. appears with a starting value equal to the total bet from the triggering game. During the bonus, each unlocked symbol position on the Main Reels is a separate reel containing only , , , , , , and blanks. Reel 10 contains only , , and blanks. Each on the Main Reels appears with a value of .4x, .6x, 1x, 1.2x, 1.6x, 2x, 3x, 5x, 10x, or 20x credits. If appears in the Prize Position on reel 10 after a free game, all values appearing on symbols on the Main Reels are added to the value on the symbol on reel 5. Each appearing on the Main Reels after a free game awards 1 extra free game. If appears in the Prize Position on reel 10 after a free game, all values appearing on symbols and on the Main Reels are awarded and each , , , appearing on the Main Reels fills in one position in the corresponding bonus prize collection meter. If all positions are filled in a bonus collection meter, the corresponding bonus prize is awarded. An individual bonus collection meter is cleared after the corresponding bonus prize has been awarded. All bonus collection meters are cleared at the end of the Free Games bonus. Feature ends when 0 free games remain. Different reels are used during the feature. Reels are determined at the start of each free game and depend on the number of positions filled in each bonus prize collection meter and the bet multiplier. Quick start Game starts by setting a selected Bet amount and by pressing the Spin button. Round ends when reels stop and there are no wins, or after the win presentation if there are wins. Turbo mode (where available) Turbo mode is speeding up reels spinning animation when enabled. This option does not influence the game round result but only visual presentation. Game menu Game menu contains options and settings that control some of the game features: History - Displays previous rounds from the current session Close Game - Closes the game client Sound - Controls the Sound FXs in the game (on/off) Music - Controls the Music in the game (on/off) Turbo mode (where available) - Controls the Turbo mode feature (on/off) Left Hand Mode (where available) - Controls the position of the UI on Mobile devices Vibrate (where available) - Controls the vibration on the Mobile devices (on/off) Game is paused while the menu is visible and can be closed by pressing the Close button or anywhere on the screen. Bet selection Game starts with a default Bet amount set for the game. Player can change the Bet amount by either: Using Plus and Minus buttons next to the Bet Amount Pressing the Bet amount where Bet Amount selector will open up Bet amount cannot be changed during a game round and if there is a win presentation happening, changing bet Amount will reset the presentation. Autoplay mode (where available) Autoplay mode enables automatic play of game. It can be enabled or disabled at any time during the Base game. Autoplay mode is enabled by pressing the Autoplay button which allows the player to select: Number of rounds to be played automatically. Loss Limit (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode if Balance is reduced by more than Loss Limit amount. Stop on Bonus Feature (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode when Bonus game or Free games are triggered. Stop on Win above (where available)- Disables the Autoplay mode when there is a single round win exceeding the amount entered. Autoplay button will display the remaining number of spins to be played automatically. Pressing on the Spin button while Autoplay mode is enabled will reset the number of Rounds and disable the Autoplay mode. Malfunction A malfunction of the game voids all pays. In case the game round is interrupted, it can be restored by simply starting the game again. If it is not restored, the round is voided within the jurisdictional requirements or operator's policy and their terms and conditions. CUMULATIVE WIN LIMIT The cumulative win limit is 9520 multiplied by the total bet in both the base game and free games. If the win limit is reached, the round immediately ends, the current win total is awarded, and all remaining free games are forfeited. Last modification date: 4/7/2026