Dreamy Genie Dollar and Dreams Wild Feature is Wild and Scatter and substitutes for all symbols. only appears on reels 2, 3, and 4. Wheel Feature Game 3 appearing during the base game awards the Wheel Feature. 1 or 2 appearing during the base game may also randomly award the Wheel Feature. 1 or more appearing during the free games awards the Wheel Feature. Once triggered, 1 spin of the wheel is awarded. The prize or bonus is awarded by the wheel pointer. The available awards are credit prizes, win multipliers, added symbols, Free games, and Bonus game. Credit values displayed on the wheel have been pre-multiplied by the bet multiplier from the triggering game. If the win multiplier is awarded, all ways win for the current base game or free game are multiplied by the awarded multiplier value. If the wheel indicator shows added symbols, the number shown corresponds to the number of symbol positions that will transform into . Symbol positions on reel 1 and symbol positions already containing cannot transform. Ways wins are evaluated after all transformations are complete. Free Games Bonus The Free Games Bonus is awarded when free games are won during the Wheel Feature. Additional free games can be awarded from the Wheel Feature during the free games. Free games are played on the same ways at the same bet as the triggering game. Bonus game Bonus game is awarded from the Wheel Feature. Pick a card to collect a GRAND, MAJOR, MINOR or MINI. Continue selecting cards until 3 matching icons have been collected Win the prize corresponding to the 3 matching icons Only one prize can be awarded per Bonus game. The Bonus game ends after a prize has been awarded. Paytable Winnings per symbol are calculated for Bet amount of US$0.50. RTP of this game is 94.08% Game Rules Ways wins contain one symbol from each adjacent reel, beginning with the leftmost reel. The same symbol, or its substitute, in a different position on the same reel pays the Ways win again. Only highest win is paid for each way symbol combination. Wins on different played ways are added. When winning on multiple pay ways, all wins are added to the total win. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. 1024 Ways Wins are formed by landing identical symbols on adjacent reels starting from the leftmost reel to right. BOLT ON FEATURE - DOLLARS & DREAMS The feature is played at the same bet level multiplier that triggered the feature. The feature can be triggered during any spin in the main game that resulted in 0 credits awarded to the player. At the start of the bonus, appears on reel 5 and locks over that reel for the remainder of the free games. appears with a starting value equal to the total bet from the triggering game. During the bonus, each unlocked symbol position on the Main Reels is a separate reel containing only , , , , , , and blanks. Reel 10 contains only , , and blanks. Each on the Main Reels appears with a value of .4x, .6x, 1x, 1.2x, 1.6x, 2x, 3x, 5x, 10x, or 20x credits. If appears in the Prize Position on reel 10 after a free game, all values appearing on symbols on the Main Reels are added to the value on the symbol on reel 5. Each appearing on the Main Reels after a free game awards 1 extra free game. If appears in the Prize Position on reel 10 after a free game, all values appearing on symbols and on the Main Reels are awarded and each , , , appearing on the Main Reels fills in one position in the corresponding bonus prize collection meter. If all positions are filled in a bonus collection meter, the corresponding bonus prize is awarded. An individual bonus collection meter is cleared after the corresponding bonus prize has been awarded. All bonus collection meters are cleared at the end of the Free Games bonus. Feature ends when 0 free games remain. Different reels are used during the feature. Reels are determined at the start of each free game and depend on the number of positions filled in each bonus prize collection meter and the bet multiplier. Quick start Game starts by setting a selected Bet amount and by pressing the Spin button. Round ends when reels stop and there are no wins, or after the win presentation if there are wins. Turbo mode (where available) Turbo mode is speeding up reels spinning animation when enabled. This option does not influence the game round result but only visual presentation. Game menu Game menu contains options and settings that control some of the game features: History - Displays previous rounds from the current session Close Game - Closes the game client Sound - Controls the Sound FXs in the game (on/off) Music - Controls the Music in the game (on/off) Turbo mode (where available) - Controls the Turbo mode feature (on/off) Left Hand Mode (where available) - Controls the position of the UI on Mobile devices Vibrate (where available) - Controls the vibration on the Mobile devices (on/off) Game is paused while the menu is visible and can be closed by pressing the Close button or anywhere on the screen. Bet selection Game starts with a default Bet amount set for the game. Player can change the Bet amount by either: Using Plus and Minus buttons next to the Bet Amount Pressing the Bet amount where Bet Amount selector will open up Bet amount cannot be changed during a game round and if there is a win presentation happening, changing bet Amount will reset the presentation. Autoplay mode (where available) Autoplay mode enables automatic play of game. It can be enabled or disabled at any time during the Base game. Autoplay mode is enabled by pressing the Autoplay button which allows the player to select: Number of rounds to be played automatically. Loss Limit (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode if Balance is reduced by more than Loss Limit amount. Stop on Bonus Feature (where available) - Disables the Autoplay mode when Bonus game or Free games are triggered. Stop on Win above (where available)- Disables the Autoplay mode when there is a single round win exceeding the amount entered. Autoplay button will display the remaining number of spins to be played automatically. Pressing on the Spin button while Autoplay mode is enabled will reset the number of Rounds and disable the Autoplay mode. Malfunction A malfunction of the game voids all pays. In case the game round is interrupted, it can be restored by simply starting the game again. If it is not restored, the round is voided within the jurisdictional requirements or operator's policy and their terms and conditions. Last modification date: 4/14/2026