Catch Zone Bearly Hooked MONEY CATCH BONUS BONUS SCATTERS 1 or more Bonus Scatters may trigger the MoneyCatch Bonus in addition to activating correspondingBonus Features shown below: Jackpot Feature / Red Fish: 1 Bonus Wheel spin isawarded at the end of the Money Catch Bonus forevery 6 red fish collected. Multiplier Feature / Green Fish: Green Fishmultiply the Credit Award by 10X, 6X, 4X, 3X, or2X for that pick. Extra Picks Feature / Blue Fish: Each blue fishawards 1 additional pick for that Money CatchBonus. When the Money Catch Bonus is triggered, BonusFeatures for all Bonus Scatters currently on the reelsbecome active for that bonus session MONEY CATCH BONUS Players are awarded 30 picks of the multi-colored fishthat award credits and a red, green, or blue fish. Possible Credit Awards:1, 5, 10, 20, 50, 100, 200, 500, 1,000, 2,000 OR 5,000 Fish for active Bonus Features award thecorresponding Bonus Feature Awards. Fish for inactive Bonus Features may trigger anadditional Money Catch Bonus along withcorresponding Bonus Features at the end of the current bonus. Active Bonus Features become inactive at the end ofthe current Money Catch Bonus. BONUS WHEEL FEATURE For each Bonus Wheel spin, Press Spin or swipe thescreen to spin the Bonus Wheel to win a JackpotAward shown below GRAND - $20,000.00 MAJOR - $2,000.00 MINOR - $10.00 MINI - $4.00 All awards shown in credits unless otherwise stated and arebased on your current bet of 60 credits. Larger fish wins are more common during the bonus game as you bet up. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Bet a minimum of 60 credits to play all 15 lines. All winning line symbols must appear on a played lineand on consecutive reels, beginning with the left mostreel. Only the highest winner paid per winning combination. Collected red fish reset at the end of each MoneyCatch Bonus. Player interaction with the screen during the BonusWheel Feature and the Money Catch Bonus is forentertainment purposes only and does not have anyimpact on game outcome. Collection of Bonus Scatters over time and growth ofthe red, green, and blue fish has no effect ontriggering the Money Catch Bonus. Wins on all lines are added. Due To The Volatility Of Cellular And Internet Connectivity, Communication May Be Interrupted. The Game Will Continue To Play Where You Left Off When Service Is Restored. All Values Reflected On This Page Are Sample Values. Malfunction Voids All Pays And Plays. RTP: 94.05% Last modification date: 4/7/2026