Almighty Mustang Express Wild Symbol The wild symbol can appear anywhere on the reels. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except bonus scatters, cash pot symbols, cash symbols, or train symbols. In bonus spins, any wild that lands will expand to cover the entire reel. Bonus Scatter Symbol 3 or more bonus scatter symbols trigger the bonus spins feature. 3 symbols award 6 bonus spins. 4 symbols award 8 bonus spins. 5 symbols award 10 bonus spins. Bonus spins use a different reel set containing stacked wilds. If the cash feature is triggered during bonus spins, it is played immediately after the triggering spin. After completion, the game returns to remaining bonus spins. Bonus spins continue until all spins are completed. Cash and Cash Pot Symbols Cash symbols with values of 1–15× base bet can appear in the main game, bonus spins, and cash feature. Cash symbols with values of 5–50× base bet appear in the Almighty Mustang Express feature. Cash pot symbols include: Major – 100× base bet Minor – 25× base bet Only one of each type can appear per spin. Values are revealed and paid instantly. Grand Cash Pot Filling all positions with cash or cash pot symbols awards 500× base bet. Train Symbols The train symbol appears in square or circular forms depending on the feature. Only one train symbol can appear at a time. Cash Feature Triggered by 6+ cash symbols or 5 cash symbols with 1 train symbol. Starts with 3 spins. New symbols lock and reset spins to 3. Ends after 3 spins without new symbols. Total value of symbols is paid. Train Collector Cash symbols contribute to the feature meter. The train may randomly add symbols or features. Only one feature occurs per spin. May guarantee triggering of the cash feature. Almighty Mustang Express Feature Triggered if a train symbol appears after the cash feature. Contains 10 positions. Starts with 3 spins. Symbols lock and reset spins. Ends after no new symbols for 3 spins. Can retrigger up to 5 times. Express Bet Optional feature available depending on configuration. Costs an additional 0.5× base stake. Increases chance of triggering the cash feature. Winlines 20 paylines are available in the game. Autoplay Autoplay allows automatic spins. Players can set limits and number of spins. Stops on limits, wins, or manual interruption. Pauses during bonus features. Game Rules Adjust total bet using controls. Reels spin and stop randomly. Winning combinations form from left to right. Winnings are added to balance. Scatter wins are added separately. Multiple features can occur in one round. Bonus games use the same bet. Collection features do not affect outcomes. Press spin to start the game. RTP RTP: 94.18% Based on long-term gameplay. Win Information Wins are calculated left to right. Highest win per line is paid. Maximum win is capped at defined limits. All prizes are displayed in USD. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. Game Interface Information Autoplay button opens autoplay settings. Menu button opens settings. Bet button changes total bet. Malfunction Voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 3/31/2026