3D European Roulette Objective Your objective is to accurately guess the outcome of the roulette spin (whether the right number or the right group). The Game Roulette is played using a wheel with 37 numbered slots (1-36, plus a 0), a ball and a layout upon which the player may place bets covering a single number or groups of numbers. After the player places his bets, the ball is spun around the wheel and will come to rest in one of the numbered slots, indicating the winning number/ group. How to play Select the amount you want to bet on a given number / group by tapping on the chip of the selected denomination and tapping the targeted number/group and repeating this action until you reach the desired amount; To remove a chip from the table, click UNDO or CLEAR BET ; Once you finished placing your bets, spin the wheel by clicking on the ‘SPIN’ button; When the ball comes to rest, a marker is placed on the winning number; Spin the wheel with the same bet by clicking on REBET after a game is finished; Double your bet by clicking on REBET×2 button; There is the ability to place continuous 5 numbers/VOSINS/ORPHELNS/TIERS bets by pressing on small table on the right side of the screen; Click on balance field to deposit more money into the game balance; To exit from the game, click on Game Name which is available on top of the game window and select any other game or Back to lobby option; The game rules and pay outs are identical in both the real-money and play-money (play for points) versions. Rules You may place as many bets as you like, within the maximum table limit; After the ball stops the number will be displayed on the side of the spinning wheel; After the game finishes, the default chip size for the new game remains the same as your previous bet. If you want to place a new bet, click on the desired betting spots and place the bets; If your account balance is 0 then the deposit option will pop-up; Tech/operational malfunctions voids all pays and plays. Statistics window: Game Statistics enable you to view your previous results. The stats window displays your last 23 results. The statistics window indicates red results with red numbers and black results with white numbers. European Roulette Winning Ratios Name Meaning Winning Ratio Straight A bet placed directly on any single number. 35:1 Split A bet between any two adjacent numbers by placing the chip on the line between them. 17:1 Street A bet placed at the end of any row of numbers, covering three numbers. Basket Bets placed on ‘0, 1, 2’, ‘0, 2, 3’ are also considered to be street bets. 11:1 Corner bet or square bet or quarter bet A bet placed on the corner where any four numbers meet covers all four numbers. 8:1 Line A bet placed at the end of two streets, on the line between them. A line bet covers all six numbers in the streets. 5:1 Dozen A bet placed in one of the boxes marked ‘1st 12’, ‘2nd 12’ or ‘3rd 12’, which each cover 12 numbers. 2:1 Column A bet placed in one of the boxes marked ‘2 to 1’ at the bottom of the layout, each covering 12 numbers per column. 2:1 Red Black Even Odd 1-18 19-36 A bet placed in one of the six boxes at the sides of the layout covers half of the nonzero numbers on the board, as described in that box. The 0 is not covered by any of these boxes. Each box covers 18 numbers. 1:1 The theoretical return to player of this game is at least 97.30%. Game History Detailed gameplay history can be accessed by logging into your account on the desktop website and choosing menu “Game Logs” under My Casino on the Casino Tab. Adding Funds to your Account You can also bring more money from your account to the game balance by clicking on it. To add funds to your account, click on Deposit then select the desired deposit option. The time taken to transfer funds and the fees charged will vary depending on which deposit option you choose. Funds can only be added at the beginning of a new game. What do I do if I reach my betting limits? If your game balance drops below the minimum bet the Deposit window will appear. To add funds to your account, click on your balance that is located at the right top corner of the screen. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If your game is disconnected during play your game can be restored when you connect back again. If you still face any problems, please contact our Customer Care Team.