Adventures in Wonderland Game Objective: Adventures in Wonderland is a five-reel, 20-payline slot game. The game features a wild symbol, White Rabbit Bonus, Mad Hatter Tea Party Bonus, and Rabbit Hole Bonus. The White Rabbit Bonus (Sticky Wilds and Free Spins) feature is triggered when 3 White Rabbit scatter symbols appear anywhere in view. The Mad Hatter Tea Party Bonus feature is triggered when 3 Mad Hatter scatter symbols appear anywhere in view. The Rabbit Hole Bonus Feature is triggered when a Rabbit Hole scatter symbol appears anywhere on the middle reel. Wild Alice symbol substitutes for all other symbols except Scatter symbols (Mad Hatter, Rabbit Hole and White Rabbit scatter symbols). Game Information: You can bet on up to twenty lines. How to play: Setting 'LINES': Twenty lines are selected by default. Lines can be changed by clicking Select Lines button available below the ticker area positioned at the center on the game screen. Selected lines are highlighted, and unselected lines are not highlighted. Player can also select/deselect lines by clicking on desired line number at the end of lines. If player wants to play on 20 lines he can click the Select 20 Lines button displayed to the left of the Select Lines button. The number of selected lines is displayed in the "TOTAL LINES" meter which is located at the bottom left of the game screen. Setting 'STAKE': When you enter the game, a default bet of EUR 0.20 per line is set for all 20 lines, resulting in a total bet of EUR 4. The stake per line is displayed in the "STAKE" meter which is located at the bottom right of the game screen below the reels. You can choose to increase or decrease the bet per line by using the Stake Up and Stake Down buttons available adjacent to the 'Select Lines' button. If your game balance is less than EUR 4, the system will automatically adjust the bet to the next highest possible amount. The number of selected lines is multiplied by the stake per line and the total stake amount is displayed in the 'TOTAL STAKE' meter, which is located at the bottom right of the game screen below the 'STAKE' meter. 'PAYTABLE': Game rules can be viewed by clicking on the 'PAYTABLE'' button at bottom left of the game screen. You can go back to the game by clicking on the 'BACK TO REELS' button available on 'PAYTABLE' screen. The 'PAYTABLE' can be viewed by clicking on the 'NEXT' button available on the right side of the 'PAYTABLE' screen. To calculate the payout amount, multiply the respective prize with the bet per line. Note that to calculate the payout for scatter symbols, multiply the total stake with the respective prize. PLAY: After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines, and/or any scatter wins, will be paid according to the pay table. Result: Any wins are indicated by their paylines highlighted and symbols animating, or in case of scatter wins, scatter symbols are animated. The total win amount is shown in the 'WIN TOTAL' meter displayed at the top right side above the reels. The individual line wins are shown in the 'WIN' meter displayed at the top left side above the reels. The win amount is displayed followed by the win line number within brackets. Repeat Bet/Change Bet: If you have already bet, the settings selected will be automatically carried over to the subsequent spin if there is sufficient amount. Simply click on 'PLAY' to play with the same bet again. To change bet, player can use: SELECT LINES, STAKE DOWN, and STAKE UP buttons. Balance: Your remaining game balance, after you have placed the desired bet, is shown in 'BALANCE' meter. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed in the 'BALANCE' meter and the 'TOTAL STAKE' meter. 'AUTOPLAY': You can make use of this feature to choose the available number of spins options for 'hands free' game play. Options available under this feature are: 10 spins: The game will automatically spin for 10 spins if 10 SPINS button is clicked. 25 spins: The game will automatically spin for 25 spins if 25 SPINS button is clicked. 100 spins: The game will automatically spin for 100 spins if 100 SPINS button is clicked 250 spins: The game will automatically spin for 250 spins if 250 SPINS button is clicked 500 spins: The game will automatically spin for 500 spins if 500 SPINS button is clicked To make use of the auto spin feature, click on the 'AUTOPLAY OFF' button at the bottom of the game screen positioned to the left of the PLAY button. When the autoplay dialog opens, click on the option you'd like to select. The 'AUTOPLAY ON' button would be displayed (replacing AUTOPLAY OFF button). Click on 'PLAY' to start the spins. You can deactivate 'AUTOPLAY' by clicking on the 'STOP AUTOPLAY' button displayed below the ticker area at the center of the game screen. If spin is in progress, 'AUTOPLAY' will be stopped after completing the current spin. Otherwise 'AUTOPLAY' is stopped immediately. Please note: The 'AUTOPLAY' option is not available in play money mode. Click on 'GAME LOGS' to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on 'GAME RULES' to view the detailed rules of the game as web page. Click on 'REBUY' to buy more credits into the game from your sportingbet.com account. Click on 'EXIT GAME' to leave the game and return to the Lobby. Click on 'QUICK DEPOSIT' button to deposit money into your sportingbet.com account. The game rules are identical in both real money and play money modes. Game Rules: Play 1 to 20 lines. Lines can be changed by clicking SELECT LINES button. Max lines can be selected by clicking SELECT 20 LINES button. BET amount can be changed by using the STAKE UP and STAKE DOWN buttons. PLAY begins the game with the currently selected BET and LINES. Payouts are displayed on the PAYTABLE. Payline wins are multiplied by the amount bet per line. Highest win amount is paid on each selected payline. Coinciding wins on different highlighted lines are all added to your total. Scatter wins are multiplied by total bet and added to payline wins. All wins occur on selected paylines, except for Scattered Mad Hatter, Scattered Rabbit Hole and Scattered White Rabbit symbols which pay anywhere in view. All symbols pay from left to right only except Scattered Mad Hatter, Scattered Rabbit Hole and Scattered White Rabbit symbols which pay anywhere in view. Wild Alice symbol substitutes for all other symbols except Scattered Mad Hatter, Scattered Rabbit Hole and Scattered White Rabbit symbols. We can have all the three features triggered at the same time in the following order: Rabbit Hole, Mad Hatter Tea Party, White Rabbit. Wild Alice symbol appears on all reels. Scattered Mad Hatter symbol appears only on reels 1, 3, and 5. Scattered Rabbit Hole symbol appears only on reel 3. Scattered White Rabbit symbol appears only on reels 2, 4, and 5. Player can win 4x to 1000x as their reward in Mad Hatter feature round. Player can win 8x to 22x as their reward in Rabbit Hole feature round. Malfunctions Voids all Pays and Plays. White Rabbit Bonus Feature: The White Rabbit bonus (Sticky Wilds and Free Spins) feature is triggered when 3 White Rabbit scatter symbols appear anywhere in view. Pocket watch Bonus : An animated rabbit will appear in the fore ground (in front of the reels) from the side of the screen. He'll present his pocket watch with numbers from 1 to 12 to the player. One hand will be on the clock which will spin quickly around the watch and stop on a number. The number it stops at will be the freespin count. The hand will spin an arbitrary number of times (5-8) adding to the number of free-spins awarded each time. Sticky Wilds : The White Rabbit will then jump randomly over the reels. Wherever he lands a sticky Wild Alice will appear. The wild symbols will remain in place for all the free-spins and will substitute for all payline wins during freespins. The minimum number of sticky wilds that can be awarded is 3 and maximum number is 5. Scattered White Rabbit symbol appears only on reels 2, 4, and 5. Freespins : An enhanced set of reels are used for freespins. The paytable used in free spins is the same as in normal play. The Mad Hatter Tea Party Bonus, Rabbit Hole Bonus, and White Rabbit Bonus cannot be triggered during freespins. The minimum number of freespins that can be awarded is 7 and maximum number of freespins that can be awarded is 20. Free game wins are added to payline and scatter wins. All free spins are played at the same bet per line and the same number of lines as the triggering game. Rabbit Hole Bonus Feature: Rabbit Hole Bonus Feature is triggered when a Rabbit Hole scatter symbol appears ANYWHERE on reel 3. The symbol expands to fill the whole reel and Alice will fall down the Rabbit hole collecting prizes until she lands. Prizes are based on random multipliers, multiplied by the total bet. Scattered Rabbit Hole symbol appears only on reel 3. Player can win 8 x total bet to 22 x total bet as their reward in Rabbit Hole feature round. Mad Hatter Tea Party Bonus Feature: The Mad Hatter Tea Party Bonus feature is triggered when 3 Mad Hatter scatter symbols appear anywhere in view. From the available four guests a guest must be selected to serve tea to. The more they drink the more prize they win. Keep selecting the guests until they've had their fill (by placing their hand over the cup). Prizes are based on random multipliers, multiplied by the total bet. Scattered Mad Hatter symbol appears only on reels 1, 3, and 5. Player can win 4 x total bet to 1000 x total bet as their reward. Game Rules: Click on PAYTABLE button in the main game screen, game will navigate to Paytable screen. In PAYTABLE screen, select Next button then game will navigate to the next Paytable screen. The theoretical return to player of this game is 93.02%. Paylines: I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete the game for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game Logs' button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected after triggering or in the middle of any of the feature rounds (Mad Hatter Tea Party bonus, Rabbit Hole bonus, White Rabbit bonus), on reconnection, the software will automatically start the feature round, if not already started, or resume from where it was disconnected. After completing the feature, you can resume playing the same game, or you can select another game of your choice. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/3/2020