Soul Queen Game rules 'Soul Queen' is a scatter. 'Wild Queen' substitutes for all symbols except scatters and 'QUAD Shot BONUS' during paid games only. 'Wild Queen' appears on reels 3, 4 and 5 during paid games only. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels, except scatters. Scatters pay in any position. All wins on lit lines only except scatters. Highest win only on each line, except Bonuses. Scatter wins and bonuses are added to line wins. Wins on different lines are added. The game has a return to player of 94.34%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Soul Feature Any 3 or more scattered 'Soul Queen' trigger the Soul Feature with 8 free games. At the beginning of the Soul Feature, reels 1, 2, 4 and 5 spin once each to reveal which symbol positions will guarantee 'Soul' symbols during the Soul Feature. During the Soul Feature, 'Wild Queen' substitutes for all symbols except 'Soul Queen' and 'Soul'. During the Soul Feature, 'Wild Queen' appears on reel 3 only. 'Soul' appears during the Soul Feature and Super Feature only. For each free game, 'Soul' reveals any other game symbol except 'Wild Queen'. For each free game, all 'Soul' appearing will randomly reveal the same symbol. During the Soul Feature, if one or more 'Wild Queen' substitutes in a win the pay for that win is multiplied by the Wild Queen multiplier except scatter wins as displayed on the Wild Queen Multipliers Table. 'Soul Queen' can appear after revealing of 'Soul' symbol only. During the Soul Feature, 5 additional free games are triggered once only when 'Soul' reveals 'Soul Queen '. During the Soul Feature, 4 or more scattered 'Soul Queen' pays the same as 4 scattered 'Soul Queen'. For next games after retriggering, 'Soul' reveals any other game symbol except 'Wild Queen' and 'Soul Queen '. Super Feature If 5 free games are retriggered, at the conclusion of the initial 8 free games, the Super Feature starts. Reels 1, 2, 4 and 5 without 'Soul' spin once to reveal additional 'Soul' symbol positions. All symbol positions with 'Soul' from the initial 8 free games remain in the same positions. All symbol positions with 'Soul' from the Super Feature will guarantee 'Soul' symbols during the last 5 retriggered games. During the Soul Feature and Super Feature, the Feature paytable is applied. Bet and lines played during the Soul Feature and Super Feature are the same as the game that triggered the Soul Feature. Reel strips during the feature games are different to reel strips during paid games. Quad shot bonus The Major Bonus is awarded when a 5 of a kind 'Diamond', 'Rose', 'Swan', 'Locket' or 'Perfume' win occurs with no substitutes appearing in the winning combination and a 'QUAD Shot BONUS' symbol. The Maxi Bonus is awarded when a 5 of a kind 'Ace', 'King', 'Queen', 'Jack', 'Ten' or 'Nine' win occurs with no substitutes appearing in the winning combination and a 'QUAD Shot BONUS' symbol. The Minor Bonus is awarded when a 5 of a kind 'Diamond', 'Rose', 'Swan', 'Locket' or 'Perfume ' win occurs with at least one substitute appearing in the winning combination and a 'QUAD Shot BONUS' symbol. The Mini Bonus is awarded when a 5 of a kind 'Ace', 'King', 'Queen', 'Jack', 'Ten' or 'Nine' win occurs with at least one substitute appearing in the winning combination and a 'QUAD Shot BONUS' symbol. QUAD Shot Bonuses cannot be triggered during the Soul Feature and Super Feature. Last modification date: 6/17/2020