Its Lit HOW TO PLAY LINES: If available, Increase or decrease the number of 'LINES' by clicking on the '+ / ▲' or '- / ▼' button. The 'TOTAL BET' is the 'BET' multiplied by the number of 'LINES'. SPIN / PLAY: Click on '▶ / 🔄' or press spacebar to start the game. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines will be paid according to the paytable. STOP: Once play is initiated the '▶ / 🔄 ' button becomes a '⏹' stop button. Click this button or press space bar to stop reels from spinning. The '⏹' button has no effect on the game outcome. AUTO: Click on the '🔁 / ⏩ / ➕' button and use the '+ / ▲' or '- / ▼' button to select the number of games to auto play. Number of auto play games remaining is displayed. During auto play, the '▶ / 🔄' button becomes a '⏹' button. Select this button to stop auto play once the current spin is complete. MAXIMUM BET: If available Click on the 'MAX' button to set the maximum bet. GAME HISTORY: This can be viewed by clicking on the 'clock / 🕓' button. RESULT: Any wins are indicated by the highlighted lines and symbols animating wherever applicable. Wins are shown in the message box. The game rules are identical in both real play and demo play modes. The player is responsible for checking the correct bet has been registered before commencing play. Malfunction Voids all Pays and Plays. Base Game All bets initiate 30 lines play. appears on reels 2-5 only. substitutes for all symbols except substitutes for all symbols except substitutes for all symbols except substitutes for all symbols except Each that substitutes in a winning combination multiplies the pay for that winning combination by Each that substitutes in a winning combination multiplies the pay for that winning combination by 3. Each that substitutes in a winning combination multiplies the pay for that winning combination by 5. and do not multiply scatter pays. During paid games, each that appears on the reels may randomly be replaced with either appears in the Free Games Feature only. is a scatter. is available on all reels. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels, except scatters. Scatters pay in any position. All wins on lit lines only except scatters. Highest win only on each line. Scatter wins are added to line wins. Wins on different lines are added. All wins shown at current selected bet The game has a return to player of 96.339%. Free Games Feature 3 or more scattered awards the Free Games Feature. 3 scattered awards 10 free games. 4 scattered awards 15 free games. 5 scattered awards 25 free games. During the Free Games Feature, each that appears on the reels is randomly replaced with or During the Free Games Feature, 2 scattered awards 5 extra free games of the Free Game Feature. During the Free Games Feature, 3 scattered awards 10 extra free games of the Free Game Feature. During the Free Games Feature, 4 scattered awards 15 extra free games of the Free Game Feature. During the Free Games Feature, 5 scattered awards 25 extra free games of the Free Game Feature. Bet and lines played are the same as the game that triggered the Free Games Feature. Reel strips during the Free Games Feature are different to reel strips during paid games. Last modification date: 8/23/2023