Golden Ox HOW TO PLAY The 'TOTAL BET' is the 'BET' multiplied by the number of 'LINES'. GAME HISTORY: This can be viewed by clicking on the 'clock' button. RESULT: Any wins are indicated by the highlighted lines and symbols animating wherever applicable. Wins are shown in the message box. The game rules are identical in both real play and demo play modes. The player is responsible for checking the correct bet has been registered before commencing play. Malfunction Voids all Pays and Plays. Game Rules 'Fortune' substitutes for all symbols except scatters. 'Fortune' appears on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 during paid games only. 'Golden Ox' appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 during paid games only. 'Free Games' and 'Golden Ox' are scatters. 6 or more 'Golden Ox' win all Golden Prizes appearing on 'Golden Ox'. The game has a return to player of 94.13%. Scatters pay in any position. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels, except scatters and Bonuses. All wins on lit lines only except scatters and Bonuses. Highest win only on each line except scatters and Bonuses. All Wins are added. Golden Cash Feature During paid games, any 6 or more 'Golden Ox' triggers the Golden Cash Feature 3 free respins are awarded. The 'Golden Ox' that triggered the Golden Cash Feature are held in position. If 1 or more additional 'Golden Ox' appears, those ' Golden Ox's are held and the number of respins remaining is reset to 3. Paytable prizes are not awarded during the Golden Cash Feature. Each ' Golden Ox' appearing awards a random Golden Prize of 1, 2, 3, 5, 10, 25 or 50 multiplied by total bet as displayed. The Golden Cash Feature is completed when either no respin remains or the Grand prize is won. The accumulated Golden Prizes are awarded at the end of the Golden Cash Feature. Extra Bonus Golden Cash Feature During paid games, the Extra Bonus Golden Cash Feature may be triggered randomly except when Golden Cash feature or Grand prize triggered. 3 free respins are awarded and a big 'Golden Ox' will appear over reels 2, 3 and 4. The big 'Golden Ox' counts as 9 'Golden Ox' towards the Grand prize. If one or more additional ' Golden Ox' appears, those 'Golden Ox's are held and the number of respins remaining is reset to 3. Paytable prizes are not awarded during the Extra Bonus Golden Cash Feature. Each additional 'Golden Ox' appearing awards a random Golden Prize of 1, 2, 3, 5, 10, 25 or 50 multiplied by total bet as displayed. The Extra Bonus Golden Cash Feature is completed when either no respin remains or the Grand prize is won. The accumulated Golden Prizes are awarded at the end of the Extra Bonus Golden Cash Feature. Extra Bonus Golden Cash Feature can be triggered during paid games only. FREE GAMES FEATURE During paid games, 3 or more scattered 'Free Games' triggers the Free Games Feature with 8 free games 'Fortune' and 'Fortune Bonus' appear on reels 2, 3 and 4 only and substitutes for all symbols. During this Feature, the corresponding Feature Paytable is applied. Bet and lines played are the same as the game that triggered this Feature. Bonus Prizes Any 8 or 9 'Fortune Bonus' awards Major Bonus. Any 6 or 7 'Fortune Bonus' awards Minor Bonus. Any 4 or 5 'Fortune Bonus' awards Mini Bonus. Bonus Prizes can be triggered during the Free Games Feature only. Grand Prize The Grand prize is awarded when 15 'Golden Ox's are collected during the Golden Cash Feature or the Extra Bonus Golden Cash Feature. The Grand prize can also be awarded randomly on any paid game when the Golden Cash Feature or the Extra Bonus Golden Cash Feature is not triggered. The Grand prize cannot be triggered during the Free Games Feature. Last modification date: 4/5/2021