Super Volcano 7s HOW TO PLAY LINES: Increase or decrease the number of 'LINES' by clicking on the '+' or '-' button. BET: Increase or decrease the 'BET' by clicking on the '+' or '-' button. The 'TOTAL BET' is the 'BET' multiplied by the number of 'LINES'. RULES: This can be viewed by clicking on the information 'i' button and then selecting the 'RULES' tab. The paytable updates to reflect the current bet configuration. GAME HISTORY: This can be viewed by clicking on the 'clock' button while in real play mode. PLAY: Click on 'SPIN' or press spacebar to start the game. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines will be paid according to the paytable. STOP: Once play is initiated the 'SPIN' button becomes a 'STOP' button. Click this button or press space bar to stop reels from spinning. The 'STOP' button has no effect on the game outcome. AUTO: Click on the 'AUTO' button and use the '+' or '-' button to select the number of games to auto play. Click on 'SPIN' to initiate auto play. Number of auto play games remaining is displayed. During auto play, the 'SPIN' button becomes a 'STOP' button. Select this button to stop auto play once the current spin is complete. RESULT: Any wins are indicated by the highlighted lines and symbols animating wherever applicable. Wins are shown in the message box. The game rules are identical in both real play and demo play modes. The player is responsible for checking the correct bet has been registered before commencing play. Malfunction Voids all Pays and Plays Game Rules All bets initiate 40 lines play. substitutes for all symbols except and is a scatter. appears on reels 1, 3 and 5 only. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels, except scatters and Scatters pay in any position. All wins on lit lines only except scatters and Wheel Feature wins. Highest win only on each line. Highest win awarded only on each scatter combination. Scatter wins are added to line wins. Wheel Feature wins are added to scatter wins and line wins. Wins on different lines are added. All wins shown at current selected bet. On a single spin if both the Wheel Feature and the Free Games Feature are triggered, the Wheel Feature will be played first. The game has a return to player of 98.226% Wheel Feature A single wheel spin is triggered after any game when 6 or more symbols appear. The wheel shows segments with possible prize values. When the wheel stops spinning, the winning prize is indicated by the wheel's pointer. Regardless of the wheel's visual appearance, not all wheel segments are equally probable. When the Wheel Feature is triggered with 6 symbols, the winning prize is awarded to the player. When the Wheel Feature is triggered with 7 symbols, the winning prize is multiplied by 2 and awarded to the player. When the Wheel Feature is triggered with 8 symbols, the winning prize is multiplied by 3 and awarded to the player. When the Wheel Feature is triggered with 9 symbols, the winning prize is multiplied by 4 and awarded to the player. When the Wheel Feature is triggered with 10 or more symbols, the winning prize is multiplied by 5 and awarded to the player. The wheel prize values are shown for the current selected bet The Wheel Feature cannot be triggered again during the Wheel Feature. Total awards from the Wheel Feature range from 3x the total bet to 1000x the total bet. Free Games Feature 3 scattered symbols in the reel window starts the Free Games Feature. 8 free games are awarded in addition to 3x the total bet. During the Free Games Feature, 3 scattered symbols awards 8 additional free games. The Wheel Feature may be triggered during the Free Games Feature. Bet and lines played are the same as the game that triggered the Free Games Feature. Reel strips during the Free Games Feature are different to reel strips during paid games. Demo Game Is Active Last modification date: 10/17/2023