Action Dragons Cashstacks Gold HOW TO PLAY LINES: If available, Increase or decrease the number of 'LINES' by clicking on the '+ / ▲' or '- / ▼' button. The 'TOTAL BET' is the 'BET' multiplied by the number of 'LINES'. SPIN / PLAY: Click on '▶ / 🔄' or press spacebar to start the game. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines will be paid according to the paytable. STOP: Once play is initiated the '▶ / 🔄 ' button becomes a '⏹' stop button. Click this button or press space bar to stop reels from spinning. The '⏹' button has no effect on the game outcome. AUTO: Click on the '🔁 / ⏩ / ➕' button and use the '+ / ▲' or '- / ▼' button to select the number of games to auto play. Number of auto play games remaining is displayed. During auto play, the '▶ / 🔄' button becomes a '⏹' button. Select this button to stop auto play once the current spin is complete. MAXIMUM BET: If available Click on the 'MAX' button to set the maximum bet. GAME HISTORY: This can be viewed by clicking on the 'clock / 🕓' button. RESULT: Any wins are indicated by the highlighted lines and symbols animating wherever applicable. Wins are shown in the message box. The game rules are identical in both real play and demo play modes. The player is responsible for checking the correct bet has been registered before commencing play. Malfunction Voids all Pays and Plays. GAME RULES only appears on reels 2,3 and 4 during paid games only. , and are scatters. , , and substitute for all symbols except , and appears during paid games only. only appears on reels 1,2,3 and 4 during paid games. always appears on screen with a random prize of 3,5,8,10,20,25,50,100 or 200 multiplied by total bet or MINI or MINOR as displayed. , and only appear on reel 5 during paid games. prizes, as displayed are only awarded when appears on screen with , and as on reel 5. symbol always appears on screen with a random Prize of 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 10, 20, 25 or 50 multiplied by total bet as displayed during the paid games, HOLD'N STACK FEATURE and FREE GAMES FEATURE . Scatters pay in any position. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels, except scatters and Bonuses. All wins on lit lines only except scatters and Bonuses. Highest win only on each line except scatters and Bonuses. Highest win awarded only on each scatter combination, if applicable. All Wins are added. The game has a return to player of 96.25%. FREE GAMES FEATURE During paid games, 3 or more trigger FREE GAMES FEATURE with 10 free games. only appears on reels 2,3 and 4 during FREE GAMES FEATURE . substitutes for all symbols except and . FREE SPINS that triggered and collected during are held in position and each awards a random prize of 1,2,3,5,8,10,20,25 or 50 multiplied by total bet as displayed. Stack prizes appear on top of each reel column as displayed. Stack prizes act as scatters. Each stack prize is randomly assigned from 5 unique prize pools. Stack prizes increase on every spin until capped. The increasing levels are in the order: x2, x3, x5, x8, x10, x15, x20, x25, x40, x50, x100 followed by and . Pool 1 stack prize is capped when it reaches x10 of total bet or when awarded. Pool 2 stack prize is capped when it reaches x25 of total bet or when awarded. Pool 3 stack prize is capped when it reaches x50 of total bet or when awarded. Pool 4 stack prize is capped when it reaches bonus prize or when awarded. Pool 5 stack prize is capped when it reaches bonus prize or when awarded. When are collected on a single reel column, stack prize on top of that reel column is awarded and does not increase to the next level. Total bet played during the LUCKY DRAGONS GAMES is same as the game that triggered the LUCKY DRAGONS GAMES. BONUS PRIZES MINI and MINOR bonus prizes are awarded during paid games only. MINI bonus prize is awarded when appears on the screen with on reel 5. MINOR bonus prize is awarded when appears on the screen with on reel 5. MAJOR and MINOR bonus prizes are awarded during HOLD'n STACK FEATURE only. MAJOR bonus prize is awarded when MAJOR appears as the top reel stack prize and triggered. GRAND bonus prize is awarded when GRAND appears as the top reel stack prize and triggered Last modification date: 3/21/2023