Treasure Spirits Dragon HOW TO PLAY LINES: If available, Increase or decrease the number of 'LINES' by clicking on the '+ / ▲' or '- / ▼' button. The 'TOTAL BET' is the 'BET' multiplied by the number of 'LINES'. SPIN / PLAY: Click on '▶ / 🔄' or press spacebar to start the game. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines will be paid according to the paytable. STOP: Once play is initiated the '▶ / 🔄 ' button becomes a '⏹' stop button. Click this button or press space bar to stop reels from spinning. The '⏹' button has no effect on the game outcome. AUTO: Click on the '🔁 / ⏩ / ➕' button and use the '+ / ▲' or '- / ▼' button to select the number of games to auto play. Number of auto play games remaining is displayed. During auto play, the '▶ / 🔄' button becomes a '⏹' button. Select this button to stop auto play once the current spin is complete. MAXIMUM BET: If available Click on the 'MAX' button to set the maximum bet. GAME HISTORY: This can be viewed by clicking on the 'clock / 🕓' button. RESULT: Any wins are indicated by the highlighted lines and symbols animating wherever applicable. Wins are shown in the message box. The game rules are identical in both real play and demo play modes. The player is responsible for checking the correct bet has been registered before commencing play. Malfunction Voids all Pays and Plays. Game Rules substitutes for all symbols except , and . only appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 during paid games only. only appears as a 3-high symbol on reel 5 during paid games only. only appear on reels 1, 2, 3 and 4 during paid games only. appears during paid games and the FREE GMES FEATURE only. and symbols are scatters. symbol always appears on screen with a random Prize of 3, 5, 8, 10, 20, 25, 50, 100 or 200 multiplied by total bet OR with or as displayed. symbol Prizes as displayed are awarded only when a symbol appears on screen with on reel 5. HOLD'N STACK FEATURE Total bet played during the Feature is the same as the game that triggered the Feature. Scatters pay in any position. Highest win awarded only on each scatter combination, if applicable. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels, except scatters and Bonuses. Highest win only per winning combination. Each winning combination uses only one symbol position per reel, except scatters and Bonuses. All Wins are added. The game has a return to player of 96.31%. FREE GAMES FEATURE During paid games, any 3 or more scattered triggers the FREE GAMES FEATURE with 6 free games. substitutes for all symbols except . appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. Every that substitutes in a win doubles the pay for that win. During the FREE GAMES FEATURE, any 3 or more scattered awards 6 additional free games. HOLD'N STACK FEATURE During paid games, any 3 or more scattered triggers the HOLD'N STACK FEATURE. Initially, 5 free spins are awarded. The symbols that triggered the HOLD'N STACK FEATURE are held in position and each awards a random Prize of 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 10, 20, 25 or 50 multiplied by total bet, as displayed. Stack prizes appear on top of each reel column as displayed. Stack prizes act as scatters. Each stack prize is randomly assigned from five unique prize pools. Stack prize incrementing levels are x2, x3, x5, x8, x10, x15, x20, x25, x40, x50, x100 of the total bet, MAJOR and GRAND in order. Pool 1 stack prize will stop incrementing once it reaches X10 of the total bet or awarded. Pool 2 stack prize will stop incrementing once it reaches X25 of the total bet or awarded. Pool 3 stack prize will stop incrementing once it reaches X50 of the total bet or awarded. Pool 4 stack prize will stop incrementing once it reaches MAJOR bonus prize or awarded. Pool 5 stack prize will stop incrementing once it reaches GRAND bonus prize or awarded. Stack prizes increment to the next level after each spin until the cap of that prize pool is reached. The HOLD'N STACK FEATURE is completed when either no free spins remain, or 15 are collected. BONUS PRIZES MINI bonus and MAJOR bonus can only be awarded during paid games. The MINI bonus prize is awarded when MINI BONUS appears on screen with on reel 5. The MINOR bonus prize is awarded when appears on screen with on reel 5. GRAND bonus and MAJOR bonus can only be awarded during the HOLD'N STACK FEATURE. The MAJOR bonus prize is awarded when stack prize of MAJOR is triggered in the HOLD'N STACK FEATURE . The GRAND bonus prize is awarded when stack prize of GRAND is triggered in the HOLD'N STACK FEATURE. Last modification date: 3/21/2023