Twice The Money Game rules 'Dynamite' substitutes for all symbols except scatters during paid games only. 'Dynamite' appears on reels 3, 4 and 5 only during paid games. 'Gold' is a scatter. 'Multiplier Dynamite' appears during the Free Games Feature and Twice The Money Feature only. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels, except scatters. Scatters pay in any position. All wins on lit lines only except scatters. Highest win only on each line. Scatter wins are added to line wins. Wins on different lines are added. The game has a return to player of 94.30%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Free Games Feature 10 free games of Free Games Feature are triggered by any 3 or more scattered 'Gold'. During the Free Games Feature, 'Multiplier Dynamite' appears on reel 3 only and substitutes for all symbols except scatters and 'Dynamite'. During the Free Games Feature, 'Dynamite' appears on reels 2 and 4 only and substitutes for all symbols except scatters and 'Multiplier Dynamite'. During the Free Games Feature, the Feature paytable is applied. During the Free Games Feature and during the Twice The Money Feature, if a 'Multiplier Dynamite' substitutes in a winning combination, the pay for that win is multiplied by the 'Multiplier Dynamite' multiplier as follows: For free games 1 to 4, the ‘Multiplier Dynamite’ multiplier is 2. For free games 5 to 8, the ‘Multiplier Dynamite’ multiplier is 4. For free games 9 or more, the ‘Multiplier Dynamite’ multiplier is 8. Twice the money feature During the Free Games Feature, any 3 or more scattered 'Gold' appearing will trigger the Twice The Money Feature and award 5 additional free games. Once the Twice The Money Feature is triggered, all the remaining free games are played as Twice The Money free games. During the Twice The Money Feature, 'Multiplier Dynamite' appears on reel 3 only and substitutes for all symbols except 'Dynamite'. During the Twice The Money Feature, 'Dynamite' appears on reels 2 and 4 only and substitutes for all symbols except 'Multiplier Dynamite'. 'Gold' does not appear during the Twice The Money Feature. Free Games Feature cannot be triggered again during the Twice The Money Feature. During the Twice The Money Feature, the Feature paytable is applied. Bet and lines played during the Free Games Feature and the Twice The Money Feature are the same as the game that triggered the Free Games Feature. Reel strips during the Free Games Feature and the Twice The Money Feature are different to each other and also different to the reel strips during paid games. Last modification date: 6/17/2020