Galaxy Gold Cashstacks Gold HOW TO PLAY LINES: Increase or decrease the number of 'LINES' by clicking on the '+' or '-' button. BET: Increase or decrease the 'BET' by clicking on the '+' or '-' button. The 'TOTAL BET' is the 'BET' multiplied by the number of 'LINES'. RULES: This can be viewed by clicking on the information 'i' button and then selecting the 'RULES' tab. The paytable updates to reflect the current bet configuration. GAME HISTORY: This can be viewed by clicking on the 'clock' button while in real play mode. PLAY: Click on 'SPIN' or press spacebar to start the game. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines will be paid according to the paytable. STOP: Once play is initiated the 'SPIN' button becomes a 'STOP' button. Click this button or press space bar to stop reels from spinning. The 'STOP' button has no effect on the game outcome. AUTO: Click on the 'AUTO' button and use the '+' or '-' button to select the number of games to auto play. Click on 'SPIN' to initiate auto play. Number of auto play games remaining is displayed. During auto play, the 'SPIN' button becomes a 'STOP' button. Select this button to stop auto play once the current spin is complete. RESULT: Any wins are indicated by the highlighted lines and symbols animating wherever applicable. Wins are shown in the message box. The game rules are identical in both real play and demo play modes. The player is responsible for checking the correct bet has been registered before commencing play. Malfunction Voids all Pays and Plays. Game rules substitute for all symbols except only appear on reel 5 and only appears on reel 2, 3, 4 during paid games. are scatters. only appears on reels 1,2,3 and 4 during paid games. appears during paid games only. always appears on screen with a random prize of 3,5,8,10,20,25,50,100 or 200 multiplied by total bet or MINI or MINOR as displayed, during paid games only. prizes, as displayed are only awarded when appears on screen with symbol always appears on screen with a random Prize of 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 10, 20, 25 or 50 multiplied by total bet as displayed during the paid games, HOLD STACK FEATURE and GALAXY Gold Feature Scatters pay in any position. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels, except scatters and Bonuses. All wins on lit lines only except scatters and Bonuses. Highest win only on each line except scatters and Bonuses. Highest win awarded only on each scatter combination, if applicable. All Wins are added. The game has a return to player of 96.30%. GALAXY Gold FEATURE Durring paid games, 3 or more trigger GALAXY Gold FEATURE with 8 free games. appears during the GALAXY Gold FEATURE only. When one or more appears on any reels, those reels transform into a stack of as These will randomly move around different reels as from next spin until the end of GALAXY Gold FEATURE Each of the randomly moved will replace into & all other symbols into as they appear. acts as a scatter and substitute. Total bet played during the GALAXY Goldm FEATURE is same as the game that triggered the GALAXY Gold\ HOLD'STACK FEATURE During paid games or GALAXY Gold FEATURE, 3 or more trigger HOLD'STACK FEATURE with 5 free games.R that triggered HOLD'STACK FEATURE and collected during HOLD STACK FEATURE are held in position and each awards a random prize of 1,2,3,5,8,10,20,25 or 50 multiplied by total bet as displayed. Stack prizes appear on top of each reel column as displayed. Stack prizes act as scatters. Each stack prize is randomly assigned from 5 unique prize pools Stack prizes increase on every spin until capped. The increasing levels are in the order: x2, x3, x5, x8, x10, x15, x20, x25, x40, x50, x100 followed by MAJOR and GRAND. Pool 1 stack prize is capped when it reaches x10 of total bet or when awarded. Pool 2 stack prize is capped when it reaches x25 of total bet or when awarded. Pool 3 stack prize is capped when it reaches x50 of total bet or when awarded. Pool 4 stack prize is capped when it reaches MAJOR bonus prize or when awarded. Pool 5 stack prize is capped when it reaches GRAND bonus prize or when awarded. When are collected on a single reel column, stack prize on top of that reel column is awarded and does not increase to the next level. are scatters and award 1, 2, 3 and 5 additional free games respectively. Paytable prizes are not awarded during the HOLD'STACK FEATURE When all reel columns are populated with , HOLD STACK FEATURE will be terminated. Total bet played during the HOLD'STACK FEATURE is same as the game that triggered the HOLD STACK FEATURE Last modification date: 11/21/2023