Action Dragons HOW TO PLAY The 'TOTAL BET' is the 'BET' multiplied by the number of 'LINES'. GAME HISTORY: This can be viewed by clicking on the 'clock' button. RESULT: Any wins are indicated by the highlighted lines and symbols animating wherever applicable. Wins are shown in the message box. The game rules are identical in both real play and demo play modes. The player is responsible for checking the correct bet has been registered before commencing play. Malfunction Voids all Pays and Plays. RULES substitutes for all symbols except scatters appears on reels 3, 4 and 5 only during paid games. is a scatter Scatters pay in any position. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels, except scatters. All wins on lit lines only except scatters. Highest win only on each line except scatters. All Wins are added. The game has a return to player of 96.57%. FREE GAMES FEATURE 10 free games are triggered by any 3 or more scattered During the Free Games Feature, appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. appears on reels 1 and 5 and appears during the Free Games Feature only. During the Free Games Feature, the Free Games Feature paytable is applied. Lucky Multiplier Bonus Spin When the appears on reel 1 and 5, 3 Lucky Multiplier Bonus Spins are awarded. , and appear during the Lucky Multiplier Bonus Spin only on reel 3 and substitutes for all symbols. During the Lucky Multiplier Bonus Spin, appears on reels 2, 4 and 5 only. During the first Lucky Multiplier Bonus Spin, appears. During the second Lucky Multiplier Bonus Spin, appears. During the third Lucky Multiplier Bonus Spin, appears. When , or substitutes in a winning combination, the prize for that win is multiplied by 2, 3 or 5 respectively. During the Lucky Multiplier Bonus Spin, the Lucky Multiplier Bonus Spin paytable is applied. After the Lucky Multiplier Bonus Spin Feature, the game returns to the remaining free games of the Free Games Feature, if applicable. , cannot appear during the Free Games Feature and the Lucky Multiplier Bonus Spin. Bet and lines played are the same as the game that triggered this Feature. Last modification date: 9/9/2020