Eagle Dollar HOW TO PLAY LINES: If available, Increase or decrease the number of 'LINES' by clicking on the '+ / ▲' or '- / ▼' button. The 'TOTAL BET' is the 'BET' multiplied by the number of 'LINES'. SPIN / PLAY: Click on '▶ / 🔄' or press spacebar to start the game. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines will be paid according to the paytable. STOP: Once play is initiated the '▶ / 🔄 ' button becomes a '⏹' stop button. Click this button or press space bar to stop reels from spinning. The '⏹' button has no effect on the game outcome. AUTO: Click on the '🔁 / ⏩ / ➕' button and use the '+ / ▲' or '- / ▼' button to select the number of games to auto play. Number of auto play games remaining is displayed. During auto play, the '▶ / 🔄' button becomes a '⏹' button. Select this button to stop auto play once the current spin is complete. MAXIMUM BET: If available Click on the 'MAX' button to set the maximum bet. GAME HISTORY: This can be viewed by clicking on the 'clock / 🕓' button. RESULT: Any wins are indicated by the highlighted lines and symbols animating wherever applicable. Wins are shown in the message box. The game rules are identical in both real play and demo play modes. The player is responsible for checking the correct bet has been registered before commencing play. Malfunction Voids all Pays and Plays. Game Rules substitutes for all symbols except , , , and , , , and are scatters. appears on reel 1 and reel 5 only. , , and appear on reel 5 only. Scatters pay in any position. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels, except scatters and Bonuses. All wins on lit lines only except scatters and Bonuses. Highest win only on each line except scatters and Bonuses. Highest win awarded only on each scatter combination, if applicable. All Wins are added. The game has a return to player of 96.18%. Wheel Feature Two symbols trigger the Wheel Feature. and trigger the Wheel Feature, the wheel prize shown in the winning segment is multiplied by 2. and trigger the Wheel Feature, the wheel prize shown in the winning segment is multiplied by 3. and trigger the Wheel Feature, the wheel prize shown in the winning segment is multiplied by 4. and trigger the Wheel Feature, the wheel prize shown in the winning segment is multiplied by 5. Bonus segment triggers . Super Bonus segment triggers . Grand, Major, Minor and Mini are bonus prizes. The wheel shows segments with winning values, and a pointer indicating the winning segment when the wheel stops spinning. regardless of wheelers visual appearence, not all wheel segments are equally probable. Last modification date: 9/1/2022