Rich n Wild HOW TO PLAY The 'TOTAL BET' is the 'BET' multiplied by the number of 'LINES'. GAME HISTORY: This can be viewed by clicking on the 'clock' button. RESULT: Any wins are indicated by the highlighted lines and symbols animating wherever applicable. Wins are shown in the message box. The game rules are identical in both real play and demo play modes. The player is responsible for checking the correct bet has been registered before commencing play. Malfunction Voids all Pays and Plays. Game Rules 'Chichen Itza' substitutes for all symbols except scatters. 'Chichen Itza' appears on reels 3, 4 and 5. 'Shield' is a scatter. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels, except scatters. Scatters pay in any position. All wins on lit lines only except scatters. Highest win only on each line. Scatter wins and line wins are added. Wins on different lines are added. The game has a return to player of 93.80%. FREE GAMES FEATURE 12 free games are triggered by any 3 or more scattered 'Shield'. During the Free Games Feature, a new symbol 'Rich n Wild' appears on reels 1 and 5 only. During the Free Games Feature, 'Shield' appears on reels 1 and 5 only. During the Free Games Feature, 'Chichen Itza' appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 only and substitutes for all symbols except scatters and 'Rich n Wild'. During the Free Games Feature, 3 additional free games are triggered by any 2 scattered 'Shield'. During the Free Games Feature, the Feature paytable is applied. Rich n Wild Feature During the Free Games Feature, if scattered 'Rich n Wild' appears on reels 1 and 5, the Rich n Wild Feature is triggered. Once the Rich n Wild Feature is triggered, all the remaining free games are played as Rich n Wild free games. All 'Chichen Itza' appearing in the Free Games Feature game that triggered the Rich n Wild Feature are held in that position until the completion of the Rich n Wild Feature. During the Rich n Wild Feature, wherever 'Chichen Itza' appears it is held in that position until the completion of the Rich n Wild Feature. During the Rich n Wild Feature, 'Chichen Itza' appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 only and substitutes for all symbols except scatters. During the Rich n Wild Feature, 'Shield' appears on reels 1 and 5 only. During the Rich n Wild Feature, 3 additional Rich n Wild free games are triggered by any 2 scattered 'Shield'. 'Rich n Wild' does not appear and pay during the Rich n Wild Feature. The Free Games Feature cannot be triggered again during the Rich n Wild Feature. During the Rich n Wild Feature, the Rich n Wild Feature paytable is applied. Bet and lines played are the same as the game that triggered the Free Games Feature and Rich n Wild Feature. Reel strips during the Free Games Feature and the Rich n Wild Feature are different to reel strips during paid games. Last modification date: 10/19/2020