Arabian Rose HOW TO PLAY LINES: If available, Increase or decrease the number of 'LINES' by clicking on the '+ / ▲' or '- / ▼' button. The 'TOTAL BET' is the 'BET' multiplied by the number of 'LINES'. SPIN / PLAY: Click on '▶ / 🔄' or press spacebar to start the game. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines will be paid according to the paytable. STOP: Once play is initiated the '▶ / 🔄 ' button becomes a '⏹' stop button. Click this button or press space bar to stop reels from spinning. The '⏹' button has no effect on the game outcome. AUTO: Click on the '🔁 / ⏩ / ➕' button and use the '+ / ▲' or '- / ▼' button to select the number of games to auto play. Number of auto play games remaining is displayed. During auto play, the '▶ / 🔄' button becomes a '⏹' button. Select this button to stop auto play once the current spin is complete. MAXIMUM BET: If available Click on the 'MAX' button to set the maximum bet. GAME HISTORY: This can be viewed by clicking on the 'clock / 🕓' button. RESULT: Any wins are indicated by the highlighted lines and symbols animating wherever applicable. Wins are shown in the message box. The game rules are identical in both real play and demo play modes. The player is responsible for checking the correct bet has been registered before commencing play. Malfunction Voids all Pays and Plays. GAME RULES substitutes for all symbols except , and . appears on reels 3, 4 and 5 only during paid games. Scatters pay in any position. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels, except scatters and Bonuses. All wins on lit lines only except scatters and Bonuses. Highest win awarded only on each scatter combination. Highest win only on each line except scatters and Bonuses. All Wins are added. The game has a return to player of 94.66%. Bonus Wild Feature During paid games, 3 or more triggers the Bonus Wild Feature with 8 free games. appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 only during the Bonus Wild Feature. appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 only during the Bonus Wild Feature. appears on reels 1 and 5 only during the Bonus Wild Feature. Any 2 award 3 additional free games, and add more ' ' for all remaining free games. appears during the Bonus Wild Feature only. substitutes for all symbols except . Any 7, 8 or 9 ' ' will award a Bonus Prize of 10, 25 or 50, respectively multiplied by the total bet as displayed. Bet and lines played are the same as the game that triggered this Feature. Last modification date: 10/26/2021