Dragon Drum HOW TO PLAY LINES: If available, Increase or decrease the number of 'LINES' by clicking on the '+ / ▲' or '- / ▼' button. The 'TOTAL BET' is the 'BET' multiplied by the number of 'LINES'. SPIN / PLAY: Click on '▶ / 🔄' or press spacebar to start the game. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines will be paid according to the paytable. STOP: Once play is initiated the '▶ / 🔄 ' button becomes a '⏹' stop button. Click this button or press space bar to stop reels from spinning. The '⏹' button has no effect on the game outcome. AUTO: Click on the '🔁 / ⏩ / ➕' button and use the '+ / ▲' or '- / ▼' button to select the number of games to auto play. Number of auto play games remaining is displayed. During auto play, the '▶ / 🔄' button becomes a '⏹' button. Select this button to stop auto play once the current spin is complete. MAXIMUM BET: If available Click on the 'MAX' button to set the maximum bet. GAME HISTORY: This can be viewed by clicking on the 'clock / 🕓' button. RESULT: Any wins are indicated by the highlighted lines and symbols animating wherever applicable. Wins are shown in the message box. The game rules are identical in both real play and demo play modes. The player is responsible for checking the correct bet has been registered before commencing play. Malfunction Voids all Pays and Plays. Game Rules All bets initiate 1024 ways play. substitutes for all symbols except: , and . substitutes for all symbols except: , and . substitutes for all symbols except: , and . Each that appears in a winning combination multiplies that winning combination by 8. Each that appears in a winning combination multiplies that winning combination by 18. is a scatter. appears on reels 1, 3 and 5 only. Scatters pay in any position. Scatter wins are added to total wins. Highest win awarded only on each scatter combination. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels, except scatters. Each winning combination uses only one symbol position per reel. Highest win only per winning combination.Wins on each winning combination are added. All wins shown at current selected bet. The game has a return to player of 96.062%. Flying Wilds Feature During any paid or free game in which 3 scattered do not appear on the reels, the Flying Wilds Feature may randomly occur. During the Flying Wilds Feature, between 1 and 4 may be randomly placed on reels 2 through 5. Additionally, a position on reel 2 and/or a position on reel 4 may be randomly chosen. Either or is placed on the chosen positions. Wins are not evaluated and paid until after the Flying Wilds Feature ends. Dragon Free Games Feature The Dragon Free Games Feature is triggered by 3 scattered on reels 1, 3 and 5. 8 free games are awarded. During the Dragon Free Games Feature, 3 scattered awards 8 extra free games of the Dragon Free Games Feature. Bet and ways played are the same as the game that triggered the Dragon Free Games Feature.