Emperors Lucky Stars HOW TO PLAY LINES: If available, Increase or decrease the number of 'LINES' by clicking on the '+ / ▲' or '- / ▼' button. The 'TOTAL BET' is the 'BET' multiplied by the number of 'LINES'. SPIN / PLAY: Click on '▶ / 🔄' or press spacebar to start the game. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines will be paid according to the paytable. STOP: Once play is initiated the '▶ / 🔄 ' button becomes a '⏹' stop button. Click this button or press space bar to stop reels from spinning. The '⏹' button has no effect on the game outcome. AUTO: Click on the '🔁 / ⏩ / ➕' button and use the '+ / ▲' or '- / ▼' button to select the number of games to auto play. Number of auto play games remaining is displayed. During auto play, the '▶ / 🔄' button becomes a '⏹' button. Select this button to stop auto play once the current spin is complete. MAXIMUM BET: If available Click on the 'MAX' button to set the maximum bet. GAME HISTORY: This can be viewed by clicking on the 'clock / 🕓' button. RESULT: Any wins are indicated by the highlighted lines and symbols animating wherever applicable. Wins are shown in the message box. The game rules are identical in both real play and demo play modes. The player is responsible for checking the correct bet has been registered before commencing play. Malfunction Voids all Pays and Plays. Game Rules All bets initiate 50 lines of play. substitutes for all symbols except . is a scatter. During the base game, only appears on reels 2, 3, and 4. All wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels, except wheel pays and scatters. All wins on lit lines only except scatters. Highest win only on each line. Wins on different lines are added. The game has a return to player of 96.248%. Super Star Free Spins 1 or 2 in any position during the base game has a chance to trigger the Super Star Free Spins. 3 in any position during the base game will trigger the Super Star Free Spins. Triggering the Super Star Free Spins awards 15 free games. can appear on any reel during the Super Star Free Spins. For each that lands on screen, the player collects a prize of up to 10 times the bet. After the 15th is collected, each that lands on screen will add to the 15th slot. All prizes collected during the Super Star Free Spins are awarded after the last free game is played. Bet and lines played are the same as the game that triggered the Super Star Free Spins. Reel strips during the Super Star Free Spins are different from the reel strips during the base game. Super Star Wheel If the player collects 15 or more during the Super Star Free Spins, the player will trigger the Super Star Wheel after the last free game is played. The player is awarded either the Major, Grand, or 40 to 200 times the bet. When the wheel stops spinning, the winning prize is indicated by the wheel’s pointer. Regardless of the wheel's visual appearance, not all wheel segments are equally probable. The winning prize is awarded to the player.