Stormin 7s HOW TO PLAY LINES: Increase or decrease the number of 'LINES' by clicking on the '+' or '-' button. BET: Increase or decrease the 'BET' by clicking on the '+' or '-' button. The 'TOTAL BET' is the 'BET' multiplied by the number of 'LINES'. RULES: This can be viewed by clicking on the information 'i' button and then selecting the 'RULES' tab. The paytable updates to reflect the current bet configuration. GAME HISTORY: This can be viewed by clicking on the 'clock' button while in real play mode. PLAY: Click on 'SPIN' or press spacebar to start the game. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines will be paid according to the paytable. STOP: Once play is initiated the 'SPIN' button becomes a 'STOP' button. Click this button or press space bar to stop reels from spinning. The 'STOP' button has no effect on the game outcome. AUTO: Click on the 'AUTO' button and use the '+' or '-' button to select the number of games to auto play. Click on 'SPIN' to initiate auto play. Number of auto play games remaining is displayed. During auto play, the 'SPIN' button becomes a 'STOP' button. Select this button to stop auto play once the current spin is complete. RESULT: Any wins are indicated by the highlighted lines and symbols animating wherever applicable. Wins are shown in the message box. The game rules are identical in both real play and demo play modes. The player is responsible for checking the correct bet has been registered before commencing play. Malfunction Voids all Pays and Plays. Game Rules 'Dollar' substitutes for all symbols except scatters during paid games only. 'Dollar' appears on reels 3, 4 and 5 only. 'Diamond' is a scatter. 'Diamond' appears during paid games only. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels, except scatters. Scatters pay in any position. All wins on lit lines only except scatters. Highest win only on each line. Scatter wins and line wins are added. Wins on different lines are added. The game has a return to player of 93.83%. FREE GAMES FEATURE 10 free games are triggered by any 3 or more scattered 'Diamond'. During the Free Games Feature, 'Dollar' is a scatter. During the Free Games Feature, 'Dollar' substitutes for all symbols except 'Stormin 7's'. During the Free Games Feature, a new symbol 'Stormin 7's' appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 only and substitutes for all symbols except 'Dollar'. During the Free Games Feature, 3 scattered 'Dollar' will trigger an additional 5 free games. During the Free Games Feature, the Feature paytable is applied. RESPIN FEATURE During the Free Games Feature, if 'Stormin 7's' appears on any two or more of reels 2, 3 or 4 the Respin Feature is triggered. All reels are held except those reels where 'Stormin 7's' appears. During the Respin Feature, those reels where 'Stormin 7's' appears are respun once only. During the Respin Feature, a new symbol 'Stormin x2' appears on reel 2 only and substitutes for all symbols except 'Dollar' and 'Stormin x3'. During the Respin Feature, a new symbol 'Stormin x3' appears on reel 4 only and substitutes for all symbols except 'Dollar' and 'Stormin x2'. During the Respin Feature, if reel 2 is respun, 'Stormin 7's' and 'Stormin x2' appear on that reel only. During the Respin Feature, if reel 3 is respun, 'Stormin 7's' appears on that reel only. During the Respin Feature, if reel 4 is respun, 'Stormin 7's' and 'Stormin x3' appear on that reel only. During the Respin Feature, when 'Stormin x2' substitutes in a winning combination, the prize for that win is multiplied by 2. During the Respin Feature, when 'Stormin x3' substitutes in a winning combination, the prize for that win is multiplied by 3. If both of 'Stormin x2' and 'Stormin x3' substitute in a winning combination, the prize for that win is multiplied by 6. During the Respin Feature, 'Stormin 7's' appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 only and substitutes for all symbols except 'Dollar', 'Stormin x2' and 'Stormin x3'. During the Respin Feature, 'Dollar' substitutes for all symbols except 'Stormin 7's', 'Stormin x2' and 'Stormin x3'. The Free Games Feature and the Respin Feature cannot be triggered again during the Respin Feature. The player then returns to the next spin of the Free Games Feature. Bet and lines played are the same as the game that triggered the Free Games Feature. Reel strips during the Free Games Feature and Respin Feature are different to reel strips during paid games. Last modification date: 1/25/2021