Moon Dancer Wheel Bonanza HOW TO PLAY The 'TOTAL BET' is the 'BET' multiplied by the number of 'LINES'. GAME HISTORY: This can be viewed by clicking on the 'clock' button. RESULT: Any wins are indicated by the highlighted lines and symbols animating wherever applicable. Wins are shown in the message box. The game rules are identical in both real play and demo play modes. The player is responsible for checking the correct bet has been registered before commencing play. Malfunction Voids all Pays and Plays. Game Rules substitutes for all symbols except , , , and . appears on reels 3, 4 and 5 during paid games only. appears during the paid game only. Scatters pay in any position. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels, except scatters and Bonuses. All wins on lit lines only except scatters and Bonuses. Highest win only on each line except scatters and Bonuses. All Wins are added. The game has a return to player of 94.74%. Wheel Feature Any 5 or more 'Wheel' symbols trigger the Wheel Feature. The wheel shows segments with winning values, and a pointer indicating the winning segment when the wheel stops spinning. When the Wheel Feature is triggered with 5 or more 'Wheel' symbols, the value shown in the winning segment is multiplied by the appropriate multiplier (X) - as displayed in Multiplier Table except Grand Bonus. The Wheel Feature cannot be triggered again during the Wheel Feature. trigger MULTIPLIER TABLE trigger Number of free games awarded is as per below table FREE GAMES TABLE FREE GAMES FEATURE appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 only during the Free Games Feature. During the Free Games Feature, appears on reels 1 and 5 only. During the Free Games Feature, the Free Games Feature Paytable is applied. Lucky Multiplier Bonus Spin When the appears on reel 1 and 5, 3 Lucky Multiplier Bonus Spins are awarded. , and appear during the Lucky Multiplier Bonus Spin only on reel 3 and substitutes for all symbols. During the Lucky Multiplier Bonus Spin, appears on reels 2, 4 and 5 only. During the first Lucky Multiplier Bonus Spin, appears. During the second Lucky Multiplier Bonus Spin, appears. During the third Lucky Multiplier Bonus Spin, appears. When , or substitutes in a winning combination, the prize for that win is multiplied by 2, 3 or 5 respectively. During the Lucky Multiplier Bonus Spin, the Lucky Multiplier Bonus Spin Paytable is applied. After the Lucky Multiplier Bonus Spin Feature, the game returns to the remaining free games of the Free Games Feature, if applicable. and cannot appear during the Free Games Feature and the Lucky Multiplier Bonus Spin. Bet and lines played are the same as the game that triggered this Feature. Last modification date: 5/18/2021