Dragon Waves HOW TO PLAY LINES: Increase or decrease the number of 'LINES' by clicking on the '+' or '-' button. BET: Increase or decrease the 'BET' by clicking on the '+' or '-' button. The 'TOTAL BET' is the 'BET' multiplied by the number of 'LINES'. RULES: This can be viewed by clicking on the information 'i' button and then selecting the 'RULES' tab. The paytable updates to reflect the current bet configuration. GAME HISTORY: This can be viewed by clicking on the 'clock' button while in real play mode. PLAY: Click on 'SPIN' or press spacebar to start the game. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines will be paid according to the paytable. STOP: Once play is initiated the 'SPIN' button becomes a 'STOP' button. Click this button or press space bar to stop reels from spinning. The 'STOP' button has no effect on the game outcome. AUTO: Click on the 'AUTO' button and use the '+' or '-' button to select the number of games to auto play. Click on 'SPIN' to initiate auto play. Number of auto play games remaining is displayed. During auto play, the 'SPIN' button becomes a 'STOP' button. Select this button to stop auto play once the current spin is complete. RESULT: Any wins are indicated by the highlighted lines and symbols animating wherever applicable. Wins are shown in the message box. The game rules are identical in both real play and demo play modes. The player is responsible for checking the correct bet has been registered before commencing play. Malfunction Voids all Pays and Plays. Game rules substitutes for all symbols except Scatters. During paid games, appears on reel 2,3,4 and 5 only. is a scatter. symbol always appears on screen with a random Prize of 1, 2, 3, or 5 multiplied by total bet or with as displayed during the paid games During paid games, any 3 or more will award combined prizes displayed on them. Total bet played during the Feature is same as the game that triggered the Feature. Scatters pay in any position. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels, except scatters and Bonuses. All wins on lit lines only except scatters and Bonuses. Highest win only on each line except scatters and Bonuses. Highest win awarded only on each scatter combination, if applicable. All Wins are added. The game has a return to player of 95.07%. During paid games, 3 or more triggers the Initially 5 free spins are awarded in the At the beginning of , 3 rings appear and randomly position themselves. WAVES During each spin, rings may move randomly and position themselves at new locations on screen. symbol always appears on screen with a random Prize of 1, 2, 3, or 5 multiplied by total bet OR with GRAND, MAJOR, MAXI, MINOR or MINI as displayed. When appears inside the ring, the prize as displayed is awarded. When appears inside a ring, an additional ring and free game is awarded in the next spin. Last modification date: 11/21/2023