King Chameleon HOW TO PLAY LINES: Increase or decrease the number of 'LINES' by clicking on the '+' or '-' button. BET: Increase or decrease the 'BET' by clicking on the '+' or '-' button. The 'TOTAL BET' is the 'BET' multiplied by the number of 'LINES'. RULES: This can be viewed by clicking on the information 'i' button and then selecting the 'RULES' tab. The paytable updates to reflect the current bet configuration. GAME HISTORY: This can be viewed by clicking on the 'clock' button while in real play mode. PLAY: Click on 'SPIN' or press spacebar to start the game. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines will be paid according to the paytable. STOP: Once play is initiated the 'SPIN' button becomes a 'STOP' button. Click this button or press space bar to stop reels from spinning. The 'STOP' button has no effect on the game outcome. AUTO: Click on the 'AUTO' button and use the '+' or '-' button to select the number of games to auto play. Click on 'SPIN' to initiate auto play. Number of auto play games remaining is displayed. During auto play, the 'SPIN' button becomes a 'STOP' button. Select this button to stop auto play once the current spin is complete. RESULT: Any wins are indicated by the highlighted lines and symbols animating wherever applicable. Wins are shown in the message box. The game rules are identical in both real play and demo play modes. The player is responsible for checking the correct bet has been registered before commencing play. Malfunction Voids all Pays and Plays. Game Rules 'Chameleon' substitutes for all symbols except scatters. 'Chameleon' appears on reels 3, 4 and 5 during paid games only. 'Tree' is a scatter. 'Gold Chameleon' appears on reel 3 during Free Games Feature only. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels, except scatters. Scatters pay in any position. All wins on lit lines only except scatters. Highest win only on each line. Scatter wins and line wins are added. Wins on different lines are added. The game has a return to player of 94.18%. FREE GAMES FEATURE 8 free games are triggered by any 3 or more scattered 'Tree'. During the Free Games Feature, each symbol position on reels 3, 4 and 5 spin independently. During the Free Games Feature, a new symbol 'Gold Chameleon' appears on reel 3 only. During the Free Games Feature, 'Gold Chameleon' substitutes for all symbols except 'Chameleon' and scatters. During the Free Games Feature, 'Chameleon' substitutes for all symbols except 'Gold Chameleon', ‘Gold Chameleon' with multipliers and scatters. During the Free Games Feature, 'Chameleon' appears on reels 4 and 5 only. During the Free Games Feature, 'Tree' appears on reels 1 and 2 only. During the Free Games Feature, any 2 scattered 'Tree' will trigger 5 additional free games. When 'Gold Chameleon' appears, it initially shows a multiplier of x1. When 'Gold Chameleon' appears, it is held in that position for the next 4 consecutive free games with 'Gold Chameleon' multipliers of x2, x3, x4 and x5 respectively, if free games remaining are applicable. Once a 'Gold Chameleon' with x5 multiplier is reached, it will appear in that position for all remaining free games. All prizes for the winning combinations with 'Gold Chameleon' multiplier substituting are multiplied by the 'Gold Chameleon' multiplier as displayed. When 'Chameleon' appears, it is held in that position for the next 3 consecutive free games, if free games remaining are applicable. During the Free Games Feature, the Feature paytable is applied. Bet and lines played are the same as the game that triggered the Free Games Feature. Reel strips during the Free Games Feature are different to reel strips during paid games. Last modification date: 9/15/2020