Golden Dollars HOW TO PLAY The 'TOTAL BET' is the 'BET' multiplied by the number of 'LINES'. GAME HISTORY: This can be viewed by clicking on the 'clock' button. RESULT: Any wins are indicated by the highlighted lines and symbols animating wherever applicable. Wins are shown in the message box. The game rules are identical in both real play and demo play modes. The player is responsible for checking the correct bet has been registered before commencing play. Malfunction Voids all Pays and Plays. Game Rules 'Dollar' substitutes for all symbols except 'Dollar x2', 'Dollar x3', 'Coin', 'Coin x2', 'Coin x3', and scatters. 'Dollar' appears on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 only. 'Diamond' appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 during paid games only. 'Diamond' does not appear during the Free Games Feature. 'Free Games' appears during paid games only. '1 Free Game', 'Coin', 'Coin x2', 'Coin x3', 'Dollar x2' and 'Dollar x3' appear during the Free Games Feature only. 'Free Games', 'Diamond' and '1 Free Game' are scatters. 'Diamond' always appears on screen with a random Golden Prize of 1, 2, 3, 5, 10, 25 or 50 multiplied by total bet as displayed. 6 or more 'Diamond' win all Golden Prizes appearing on 'Diamond'. The game has a return to player of 94.34%. Scatters pay in any position. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels, except scatters and Bonuses. All wins on lit lines only except scatters and Bonuses. Highest win only on each line except scatters and Bonuses. All Wins are added. Golden Cash Feature During paid games, any 6 or more 'Diamond' triggers the Golden Cash Feature. 3 free respins are awarded. The 'Diamond' that triggered the Golden Cash Feature are held in position. If 1 or more additional 'Diamond' appears, those 'Diamond' are held and the number of respins remaining is reset to 3. Paytable prizes are not awarded during the Golden Cash Feature. Each 'Diamond' appearing awards a random Golden Prize of 1, 2, 3, 5, 10, 25 or 50 multiplied by total bet as displayed. The Golden Cash Feature is completed when either no respin remains or the Grand prize is won. The accumulated Golden Prizes are awarded at the end of the Golden Cash Feature. Extra Bonus Golden Cash Feature During paid games, the Extra Bonus Golden Cash Feature may be triggered randomly except when Golden Cash feature or Grand prize triggered. 3 free respins are awarded and a big 'Diamond' will appear over reels 2, 3 and 4. The big 'Diamond' counts as 9 'Diamond' towards the Grand prize. If one or more additional 'Diamond' appears, those 'Diamond's are held and the number of respins remaining is reset to 3. Paytable prizes are not awarded during the Extra Bonus Golden Cash Feature. Each additional 'Diamond' appearing awards a random Golden Prize of 1, 2, 3, 5, 10, 25 or 50 multiplied by total bet as displayed. The Extra Bonus Golden Cash Feature is completed when either no respin remains or the Grand prize is won. The accumulated Golden Prizes are awarded at the end of the Extra Bonus Golden Cash Feature. Extra Bonus Golden Cash Feature can be triggered during paid games only. FREE GAMES FEATURE During paid games, 3 or more scattered 'Free Games' triggers the Free Games Feature with 8 free games. During the Free Games Feature, 1 additional free game is triggered by any scattered '1 Free Game'. BIG symbols appear will counts as 9 corresponding symbols on reels 2, 3 and 4, except BIG '1 Free Game'. 'Dollar x2' substitutes for all symbols except 'Dollar', 'Dollar x3', '1 Free Game', 'Coin', 'Coin x2' and 'Coin x3'. 'Dollar x3' substitutes for all symbols except 'Dollar', 'Dollar x2', '1 Free Game', 'Coin', 'Coin x2' and 'Coin x3'. 'Coin' substitutes for all symbols except 'Dollar', 'Dollar x2', 'Dollar x3', '1 Free Game', 'Coin x2' and 'Coin x3'. 'Coin x2' substitutes for all symbols except 'Dollar', 'Dollar x2', 'Dollar x3', '1 Free Game', 'Coin' and 'Coin x3'. 'Coin x3' substitutes for all symbols except 'Dollar', 'Dollar x2', 'Dollar x3', '1 Free Game', 'Coin' and 'Coin x2'. If BIG 'Dollar x2' or BIG 'Coin x2' substitutes in a win the pay for that win is doubled, except Bonus Prizes. If BIG 'Dollar x3' or BIG 'Coin x3' substitutes in a win the pay for that win is tripled, except Bonus Prizes. During this Feature, the corresponding Feature Paytable is applied. Bet and lines played are the same as the game that triggered this Feature. BONUS PRIZES Any 'Coin', 'Coin x2' or 'Coin x3' awards either Mini Bonus, Minor Bonus or Major Bonus. The chance of 'Coin', 'Coin x2' and 'Coin x3' appearing is proportional to the total bet. Bonus Prizes can be triggered during the Free Games Feature only. Grand Prize The Grand prize is awarded when 15 'Diamond's are collected during the Golden Cash Feature or the Extra Bonus Golden Cash Feature. The Grand prize can also be awarded randomly on any paid game when the Golden Cash Feature or the Extra Bonus Golden Cash Feature is not triggered. The Grand prize cannot be triggered during the Free Games Feature. Last modification date: 4/12/2021