Electric Nights Game Rules 'Dollar' substitutes for all symbols except 'King Strike' and scatters. 'Dollar' appears on reels 3, 4 and 5 only. 'Electric Nights' is a scatter. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels, except scatters. Scatters pay in any position. All wins on lit lines only except scatters. Highest win only on each line, except Bonuses. Scatter wins and bonuses are added to line wins. Wins on different lines are added. The game has a return to player of 94.13%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Free Games Feature 10, 15 or 25 free games are triggered by any 3, 4 or 5 scattered 'Electric Nights' respectively. During the Free Games Feature, 'Dollar' appears in all positions on reel 5 only. During the Free Games Feature, an additional 5 free games are triggered by any 2 or more scattered 'Electric Nights'. During the Free Games Feature, 5 scattered 'Electric Nights' cannot be won. During the Free Games Feature, the Free Games Feature Paytable is applied. Bet and lines played are the same as the game that triggered the Free Games Feature. Reel strips during the Free Games Feature are different to reel strips during paid games. King Strike Bonus The Major Bonus is awarded when a 5 of a kind 'Hotel', 'Lucky Sevens', 'Vegas Ball', 'Neon Flower' or 'Cowgirl' win occurs with no substitutes appearing in the winning combination and a 'King Strike' symbol. The Maxi Bonus is awarded when a 5 of a kind 'Ace', 'King', 'Queen', 'Jack', 'Ten' or 'Nine' win occurs with no substitutes appearing in the winning combination and a 'King Strike' symbol. The Minor Bonus is awarded when a 5 of a kind 'Hotel', 'Lucky Sevens', 'Vegas Ball', 'Neon Flower' or 'Cowgirl' win occurs with at least one substitute appearing in the winning combination and a 'King Strike' symbol. The Mini Bonus is awarded when a 5 of a kind 'Ace', 'King', 'Queen', 'Jack', 'Ten' or 'Nine' win occurs with at least one substitute appearing in the winning combination and a 'King Strike' symbol. The Major and Maxi Bonuses cannot be triggered during the Free Games Feature. Last modification date: 6/17/2020