Rapid Feature Dragon Money HOW TO PLAY LINES: If available, Increase or decrease the number of ‘LINES’ by clicking on the button. The TOTAL BET is the ‘BET multiplied by the number of 'LINES'. SPIN / PLAY: Click on or press spacebar to start the game. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines will be paid according to the paytable. STOP: Once play is initiated the button becomes a stop button. Click this button or press space bar to stop reels from spinning. The button has no effect on the game outcome. AUTO: Click on the button and use the button to select the number of games to auto play. Number of auto play games remaining is displayed. During auto play, the button becomes a button. Select this button to stop auto play once the current spin is complete. MAXIMUM BET: If available Click on the 'MAX' button to set the maximum bet. GAME HISTORY: This can be viewed by clicking on the button. RESULT: Any wins are indicated by the highlighted lines and symbols animating wherever applicable. Wins are shown in the message box. The game rules are identical in both real play and demo play modes. The player is responsible for checking the correct bet has been registered before commencing play. Malfunction Voids all Pays and Plays. For real slot machine experience, play the game in PORTRAIT MODE Game Rules substitutes for all symbols except During paid games, appears on reels 3, 4 and 5 only. is a scatter. Scatters pay in any position. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels, except scatters. All wins on lit lines only except scatters. Highest win only on each line except scatters. Highest win awarded only on each scatter combination, if applicable. All Wins are added. The game has a return to player of 94.00%. 10 free games are triggered by any 3 or more scattered During the , appears on reel 2, 3 and 4 only. During the , appears on reel 2 only. During the , appears on reel 4 only. When on reel 2 substitutes in a winning combination, the prize is multiplied by 2 as displayed. When on reel 4 substitutes in a winning combination, the prize is multiplied by 5 as displayed. substitutes for all symbols except substitutes for all symbols except and only appear in the During the any 3 or more scattered will trigger an additional 5 free games. Bet and lines played are the same as the game that triggered the Last modification date: 6/25/2024