Thunder Cash Dollar King How To Play LINES: If available, Increase or decrease the number of 'LINES' by clicking on the '+ / ▲' or '- / ▼' button. The 'TOTAL BET' is the 'BET' multiplied by the number of 'LINES'. SPIN / PLAY: Click on '▶ / 🔄' or press spacebar to start the game. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines will be paid according to the paytable. STOP: Once play is initiated the '▶ / 🔄 ' button becomes a '⏹' stop button. Click this button or press space bar to stop reels from spinning. The '⏹' button has no effect on the game outcome. AUTO: Click on the '🔁 / ⏩ / ➕' button and use the '+ / ▲' or '- / ▼' button to select the number of games to auto play. Number of auto play games remaining is displayed. During auto play, the '▶ / 🔄' button becomes a '⏹' button. Select this button to stop auto play once the current spin is complete. MAXIMUM BET: If available Click on the 'MAX' button to set the maximum bet. GAME HISTORY: This can be viewed by clicking on the 'clock / 🕓' button. RESULT: Any wins are indicated by the highlighted lines and symbols animating wherever applicable. Wins are shown in the message box. The game rules are identical in both real play and demo play modes. The player is responsible for checking the correct bet has been registered before commencing play. Malfunction Voids all Pays and Plays. GAME RULES Wild substitutes for all symbols except Dollar King, 2X,3X,4X,5X and THUNDER CASH . Dollar King, 2X,3X,4X,5X and THUNDER CASH are scatters. During paid games, Dollar King appears on reel 1 and reel 5 only. During paid games, 2X,3X,4X and 5X appear on reel 5 only. During paid games, two DOLLAR KING symbols trigger the Wheel Feature. During paid games, 3 or more THUNDER CASH triggers the THUNDER CASH FEATURE Scatters pay in any position. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels, except scatters and Bonuses All wins on lit lines only except scatters and Bonuses. Highest win only on each line except scatters and Bonuses. Highest win awarded only on each scatter combination, if applicable. All Wins are added. The game has a return to player of 96.25%. WHEEL FEATURE DOLLAR KING and 2X trigger the Wheel Feature, the wheel prize shown in the winning segment is multiplied by 2. DOLLAR KING and 3X trigger the Wheel Feature, the wheel prize shown in the winning segment is multiplied by 3. DOLLAR KING and 4X trigger the Wheel Feature, the wheel prize shown in the winning segment is multiplied by 4. DOLLAR KING and 5X trigger the Wheel Feature, the wheel prize shown in the winning segment is multiplied by 5. GRAND,MAJOR,MINOR and MINI are bonus prizes. The wheel shows segments with winning values, and a pointer indicating the winning segment when the wheel stops spinning. Regardless of the wheel's visual appearance, not all wheel segments are equally probable. Bet played is the same as the game that triggered the Wheel Feature. Last modification date: 6/13/2023