Golden Wisdom HOW TO PLAY The 'TOTAL BET' is the 'BET' multiplied by the number of 'LINES'. GAME HISTORY: This can be viewed by clicking on the 'clock' button. RESULT: Any wins are indicated by the highlighted lines and symbols animating wherever applicable. Wins are shown in the message box. The game rules are identical in both real play and demo play modes. The player is responsible for checking the correct bet has been registered before commencing play. Malfunction Voids all Pays and Plays. Game Rules 'Dragon' substitutes for all symbols except scatters. 'Dragon' appears on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 only. 'Golden Peach' appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 during paid games only. 'Free Games' and 'Golden Peach' are scatters. 6 or more 'Golden Peach' win all Golden Prizes appearing on 'Golden Peach'. The game has a return to player of 96.10%. Scatters pay in any position. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels, except scatters and Bonuses. All wins on lit lines only except scatters and Bonuses. Highest win only on each line except scatters and Bonuses. All Wins are added. Golden Cash Feature During paid games, any 6 or more 'Golden Peach' triggers the Golden Cash Feature. 3 free respins are awarded. The 'Golden Peach' that triggered the Golden Cash Feature are held in position. If 1 or more additional 'Golden Peach' appears, those 'Golden Peach' are also held in position and the number of respins remaining is reset to 3. Each additional 'Golden Peach' appearing awards a random Golden Prize of 1, 2, 3, 5, 10, 25 or 50 multiplied by total bet as displayed. The Golden Cash Feature is completed when either no respin remains or the Grand prize is won. Extra Bonus Golden Cash Feature During paid games, the Extra Bonus Golden Cash Feature may be triggered randomly except when Golden Cash feature or Grand prize triggered. 3 free respins are awarded and a big 'Golden Peach' will appear over reels 2, 3 and 4. The big 'Golden Peach' counts as 9 'Golden Peach' towards the Grand prize. If one or more additional ' Golden Peach' appears, those 'Golden Peach's are also held in position and the number of respins remaining is reset to 3. Each additional 'Golden Peach' appearing awards a random Golden Prize of 1, 2, 3, 5, 10, 25 or 50 multiplied by total bet as displayed. The Extra Bonus Golden Cash Feature is completed when either no respin remains or the Grand prize is won. Last modification date: 11/3/2020