Mayan Gold Rules 'Wild' substitutes for all symbols except 'Dollar', 'Dollar Wild' and 'Whopper Wild'. 'Wild' appears on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 during paid games only. 'Dollar' is a scatter. 'Whopper Wild' appears during paid games only. 'Whopper Wild' appears on reel 3 only. When 'Whopper Wild' appears anywhere on reel 3, all game symbols on reels 3, 4 and 5 are replaced by 'Wild' except 'Dollar' which is replaced by 'Dollar Wild'. 'Dollar Wild' substitutes for all symbols except 'Whopper Wild'. 'Dollar Wild' appears during paid games only. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels, except scatters. Scatters pay in any position. All wins on lit lines only except scatters. Highest win only on each line. Scatter wins and line wins are added. Wins on different lines are added. The game has a return to player of 94.13%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Free Games Features 8 free games are triggered by any 3 or more scatters. Reels 1 and 2 expand to nine positions and reels 3, 4 and 5 expand to twelve positions. During the Free Games Feature, each symbol position on reels 1 and 2 spin independently. During the Free Games Feature, 'Dollar' appears on reels 1 and 2 only. During the Free Games Feature, any 3 or more scattered 'Dollar' will trigger 5 additional free games. During the Free Games Feature, a new symbol 'Green Whopper Wild' appears on reels 4 and 5 only. During the Free Games Feature, when 'Green Whopper Wild' appears anywhere on reels 4 or 5, all symbols in all positions on those reels which have 'Green Whopper Wild' appearing are replaced by 'Wild'. 'Wild' will then continue to appear in all positions on the corresponding reels for the next 2 consecutive free games, if free games remaining are applicable. During the Free Games Feature, a new symbol 'Whopper Multiplier' appears on reel 3 only. During the Free Games Feature, 'Wild' substitutes for all symbols except 'Whopper Multiplier', 'Green Whopper Wild', 'x2 Wild', 'x3 Wild', 'Cash Rose' and 'Dollar'. During the Free Games Feature, whenever 'Whopper Multiplier' appears anywhere on reel 3, all symbols in all positions on reel 3 will be replaced by either 'x2 Wild' or 'x3 Wild'. During the Free Games Feature, 'x2 Wild' and 'x3 Wild' substitutes for all symbols except 'Wild', 'Green Whopper Wild', 'Cash Rose' and 'Dollar'. All prizes for winning combinations with 'x2 Wild' or 'x3 Wild' are multiplied by 2 or 3 respectively. During the Free Games Feature, a new symbol 'Cash Rose' appears on reels 1 and 2 only. During the Free Games Feature, whenever 'Cash Rose' appears, it continues to appear in the same reel position for all remaining free games. During the Free Games Feature, 'Cash Rose' reveals any other feature game symbol except 'Whopper Multiplier', 'Green Whopper Wild', 'x2 Wild', 'x3 Wild', 'Wild' and 'Dollar'. For each free game, all 'Cash Rose' appearing will randomly reveal the same symbol. During the Free Games Feature, 6 or more scattered 'Dollar' pays the same as 5 scattered 'Dollar'. During the Free Games Feature, the Feature Paytable is applied. Bet and number of lines played are the same as the game that triggered the Free Games Feature. Reel strips during the Free Games Feature are different to reel strips during paid games. Last modification date: 6/17/2020