Reel Liberty 7s Classic HOW TO PLAY LINES: If available, Increase or decrease the number of 'LINES' by clicking on the button. The TOTAL BET is the 'BET multiplied by the number of 'LINES'. SPIN/PLAY: Click on or press spacebar to start the game. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines will be paid according to the paytable. STOP: Once play is initiated the button becomes a stop button. Click this button or press space bar to stop reels from spinning. The button has no effect on the game outcome. AUTO: Click on the button and use the button to select the number of games to auto play. Number of auto play games remaining is displayed. During auto play, the button becomes a button. Select this button to stop auto play once the current spin is complete. MAXIMUM BET: If available Click on the "MAX' button to set the maximum bet. GAME HISTORY: This can be viewed by clicking on the 'clock / ' button. RESULT: Any wins are indicated by the highlighted lines and symbols animating wherever applicable. Wins are shown in the message box. The game rules are identical in both real play and demo play modes. The player is responsible for checking the correct bet has been registered before commencing play. Malfunction Voids all Pays and Plays. Game Rules All bets initiate 9 lines play. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels. All wins shown at current selected bet. Highest win only on each line. All wins on lit lines only.Wins on different lines are added. The game has a return to player of 96.01%. Reel Liberty 7's Double Jackpot 1 substitutes for any symbol to make a winning combination on the same active line and pays 2 times award, except when 3 symbols are on the same active line. 2 substitutes for any symbol to make a winning combination on the same active line and pays 4 times award, except when 3 symbols are on the same active line. 3 symbols on the same active line pays according to the paytable and no multiplier is applied to the win. does not substitute for Wheel Bonus Any 3 wheel symbols on the same active line awards a wheel spin. The wheel shows segments with possible prize values.When the wheel stops spinning, the winning prize is indicated by the wheel's pointer. Regardless of the wheel's visual appearance, not all wheel segments are equally probable. The line that triggered the wheel spin determines the wheel multiplier, as shown in the Multiplier Table.The player is awarded the winning prize times the wheel multiplier. only appear on reel 3. Last modification date: 8/10/2023