Mustang Money How to play LINES: Increase or decrease the number of ‘LINES’ by clicking on the ‘+’ or ‘-‘ button. BET: Increase or decrease the ‘BET’ by clicking on the ‘+’ or ‘-‘ button. The ‘TOTAL BET’ is the ‘BET’ multiplied by the number of ‘LINES’. GAME HISTORY: This can be viewed by clicking on the ‘clock’ button while in real play mode. PLAY: Click on ‘SPIN’ or press spacebar to start the game. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines will be paid according to the paytable. STOP: Once play is initiated the ‘SPIN’ Button becomes a ‘STOP’ button. Click this button or press spacebar to stop the reels from spinning. The ‘STOP’ button has no effect on the game outcome. AUTO: Click on the ‘AUTO’ button and use the ‘+’ or ‘-‘ button to select the number of games to auto play. Click on ‘SPIN’ to initiate auto play. Number of auto play games remaining is displayed. During auto play, the ‘SPIN’ button becomes a ‘STOP’ button. Select this button to stop auto play once the current spin is complete. RESULT: Any wins are indicated by the highlighted lines are symbols animating wherever applicable. Wins are show in the message box. The game rules are identical in both real play and demo play modes. The player is responsible for checking the correct bet has been registered before commencing play. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Game Rules ‘HORSE’ substitutes for all symbols except scatters and ‘Coin’ ‘Horse’ appears on reels 3, 4 and 5 during paid games only. ‘Coin’ substitutes for all symbols except scatters and ‘Horse’ ‘Coin’ appears on reels 2 and 4 during the Free Games Feature only. ‘Mustang Money’ is a scatter. All wins begin with left most reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels, except scatters. Scatters pay in any position. All wins on lit lines only except scatters. Highest win only each line. Scatter wins are added to line wins. Wins on different lines are added. The game has return to player of 94.38%. Free Games Feature 10 free games are triggered by any 3 or more scattered ‘Mustang Money’ During the Free Games Feature, ‘Horse’ appears on reel 3 only. During the Free Games Feature, when ‘Coin’ on reel 2 substitutes in a winning combination, the prize is randomly multiplied by x1 or x2 as displayed. During the Free Games Feature, when ‘Coin’ on reel 4 substitutes in a winning combination, the prize is randomly multiplied by x1 or x5 as displayed. If one or more ‘Coin’ Substitutes in a win, the prize for that win is multiplied by every multiplier as displayed on each ‘Coin’ symbol. During the Free Games Feature, any 3 or more scattered ‘Mustang Money’ will trigger an additional 5 free games. During the Free Games Feature, the Feature Paytable is applied. Bet and lines played are the same as the game that triggers the Free Games Feature. Reel strips during the Free Games Feature are different to reel strips during paid games. RESULT: Any wins are indicated by the highlighted lines are symbols animating wherever applicable. Wins are show in the message box. The game rules are identical in both real play and demo play modes. The player is responsible for checking the correct bet has been registered before commencing play. Last modification date: 2/27/2019