Wild Fire Riches Game rules 'Diamond' substitutes for all symbols except 'Wild Fire Riches', 'Wild Fire Riches Wild' and 'Whopper Wild'. 'Diamond' appears on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 only during paid games. 'Wild Fire Riches' and 'Wild Fire Riches Wild' are scatters. 'Whopper Wild' appears during paid games only. Whopper Wild' appears on reel 3 only. When 'Whopper Wild' appears anywhere on reel 3, all game symbols on reels 3, 4 and 5 are replaced by 'Diamond' except 'Wild Fire Riches' which is replaced by ' Wild Fire Riches Wild'. 'Wild Fire Riches Wild' substitutes for all symbols except 'Whopper Wild'. 'Wild Fire Riches Wild' appears during paid games only. 'Wild Fire Riches Wild' appears on reels 4 and 5 only. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels, except scatters. Scatters pay in any position. All wins on lit lines only except scatters. Highest win only on each line. Scatter wins and line wins are added. Wins on different lines are added. The game has a return to player of 94.13%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Free Games Feature 8 free games are triggered by any 3 or more scatters. Reels 1 and 2 expand to nine positions and reels 3, 4 and 5 expand to twelve positions. During the Free Games Feature, 'Wild Fire Riches' appears on reels 3, 4 and 5 only. During the Free Games Feature, any 3 scattered 'Wild Fire Riches' will trigger 2 additional free games. During the Free Games Feature, a new symbol 'Mega Whopper Wild' appears on reel 3 only. 'Diamond', 'Ace', 'King', 'Queen', 'Jack', 'Ten' and 'Nine' do not appear during the Free Games Feature. During the Free Games Feature, whenever 'Mega Whopper Wild' appears anywhere on reel 3, all symbols on reels 3, 4 and 5 are transformed to the same symbols as on reels 1 and 2. During the Free Games Feature, the Feature Paytable is applied. Bet and number of lines played are the same as the game that triggered the Free Games Feature. Reel strips during the Free Games Feature are different to reel strips during paid games. Last modification date: 12/20/2021