Sushi Delight Rapid Feature LORE The Sushi Chef is racing to collect , but her real goal is to find the special . Finding one of these coins on a spin grants an immediate reward and a reason to celebrate. GAME RULES All available bet options are multiplied by static multiplier '75'. are scatters. Growth of the progress bar is not proportional to the number of scatter symbols appeared on the screen and not the true representation of the feature trigger growth. appears on reel 1 only. appears on reel 3 only. appears on reel 5 only. Any combination of 1 or more may randomly trigger 8 Free Games. Reel Strips during STICKY GAMES, BONUS PRIZE GAMES, and EXTRA SPINS GAMES are different to one another and to reel strips during the paid games. appears on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 only for all games which are NOT associated with STICKY GAMES. substitutes for all symbols except Scatters in paid games. will only be available for those free games which are associated with BONUS PRIZE GAMES. Whenever EXTRA SPINS GAMES are awarded to the player, the extra game is always played based on current feature. Scatters pay in any position. All wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels, except scatters. Highest win awarded only on each scatter combination. All wins on lit lines only except scatters and Bonus Prizes. Highest win only on each line. Scatter wins and Bonus Prizes are added to line wins. Wins on different lines are added. All wins shown at current selected bet. All wins are added. Bet and Lines played during any of the free games feature are the same as the game that triggered the feature. The game has a theoretical return to player of 94.39%. STICKY GAMES Feature is triggered randomly by only. substitutes for all symbols. Each that appears during STICKY GAMES feature will be HELD in that position until feature is complete. do not appear during STICKY GAMES feature. BONUS PRIZE GAMES Feature is triggered randomly by only. appears on reels 1, 3, and 5. Each that appears will be marked . Collect 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 or 6 to win the respective Bonus. substitutes for all symbols, except all . appears on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 only. Bonus prizes may be won multiple times during the BONUS PRIZE GAMES feature. At the end of the BONUS PRIZE GAMES feature all collected will be reset. do not appear during BONUS PRIZE GAMES feature. EXTRA SPINS GAMES Feature is triggered randomly by only. Each that appears during EXTRA SPINS GAMES feature will trigger one additional Free Game. appears on reel 5 only. substitutes for all symbols, except . appears on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 only. do not appear during EXTRA SPINS GAMES feature. STICKY GAMES + BONUS PRIZE GAMES Combined feature is triggered randomly by and . substitutes for all symbols, except all . Each that appears during the feature will be HELD in that position until feature is complete. appears on reels 1, 3, and 5. Each that appears will be marked . Collect 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 or 6 to win the respective Bonus. Bonus prizes may be won multiple times during the feature. At the end of feature all collected will be reset. Any will not be blocked by HELD . do not appear during the feature. STICKY GAMES + EXTRA SPINS GAMES Combined feature is triggered randomly by and . substitutes for all symbols, except . Each that appears during the feature will be HELD in that position until feature is complete. Each that appears during the feature will trigger one additional Free Game. appears on reel 5 only. will not be blocked by HELD . do not appear during the feature. BONUS PRIZE GAMES + EXTRA SPINS GAMES Combined feature is triggered randomly by and . appears on reels 1, 3, and 5. Each that appears will be marked . Collect 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 or 6 to win the respective Bonus. Bonus prizes may be won multiple times during the feature. At the end of feature all collected will be reset. Each that appears during the feature will trigger one additional Free Game. appears on reel 5 only. substitutes for all symbols, except and all . appears on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 only. do not appear during the feature. STICKY GAMES + BONUS PRIZE GAMES + EXTRA SPINS GAMES Combined feature is triggered randomly by , and . substitutes for all symbols, except and all . Each that appears during the feature will be HELD in that position until feature is complete. appears on reels 1, 3, and 5. Each that appears will be marked . Collect 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 or 6 to win the respective Bonus. Bonus prizes may be won multiple times during the feature. At the end of feature all collected will be reset. Each that appears during the feature will trigger one additional Free Game. appears on reel 5 only. and will not be blocked by HELD . do not appear during the feature. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 2/3/2026