Pearl River Rules 'Goddess' substitutes for all symbols except scatters and 'Quad Shot Bonus'. 'Goddess' appears on reels 3, 4 and 5 during paid games only. 'Pearl' is a scatter. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels, except scatters. Scatters pay in any position. All wins on lit lines only except scatters. Highest win only on each line, except Bonuses. Scatter wins and bonuses are added to line wins. Wins on different lines are added. The game has a return to player of 94.52%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Free Games Feature 10 free games are triggered by any 3 or more scattered 'Pearl'. During the Free Games Feature, 'Goddess' appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. 'Money Bag' appears on reels 1 and 5 and appears during the Free Games Feature only. Free Games Feature cannot be triggered again during the Free Games Feature. During the Free Games Feature, the Free Games Feature paytable is applied. Lucky Multiplier Bonus Spin When the 'Money Bag' appears on reels 1 and 5, 3 Lucky Multiplier Bonus Spins are awarded. 'Goddess x2', 'Goddess x3' and 'Goddess x5' appear during the Lucky Multiplier Bonus Spin only. During the Lucky Multiplier Bonus Spin, 'Goddess' appears on reels 2, 4 and 5 only. During the first Lucky Multiplier Bonus Spin, 'Goddess x2' appears in all positions on reel 3 only and substitutes for all symbols. During the second Lucky Multiplier Bonus Spin, 'Goddess x3' appears in all positions on reel 3 only and substitutes for all symbols. During the third Lucky Multiplier Bonus Spin, 'Goddess x5' appears in all positions on reel 3 only and substitutes for all symbols. When 'Goddess x2', 'Goddess x3' or 'Goddess x5' substitutes in a winning combination, the prize for that win is multiplied by x2, x3 or x5 respectively. During the Lucky Multiplier Bonus Spin, the Lucky Multiplier Bonus Spin paytable is applied. After the Lucky Multiplier Bonus Spin Feature, the game returns to the remaining free games of the Free Games Feature, if applicable. 'Pearl', 'Ace', 'King', 'Queen', 'Jack', 'Ten' and 'Nine' cannot appear during the Free Games Feature and the Lucky Multiplier Bonus Spin. Bet and lines played during the Free Games Feature and the Lucky Multiplier Bonus Spin are the same as the game that triggered the Free Games Feature. Reel strips during the Free Games Feature and the Lucky Multiplier Bonus Spin are different to reel strips during paid games. QUAD shot Bonus The Major Bonus is awarded when a 5 of a kind 'Boat', 'Lotus', 'Bird', 'Shell' or 'Dragonfly' win occurs with no substitutes appearing in the winning combination and a 'QUAD Shot BONUS' symbol. The Maxi Bonus is awarded when a 5 of a kind 'Ace', 'King', 'Queen', 'Jack', 'Ten' or 'Nine' win occurs with no substitutes appearing in the winning combination and a 'QUAD Shot BONUS' symbol. The Minor Bonus is awarded when a 5 of a kind 'Boat', 'Lotus', 'Bird', 'Shell' or 'Dragonfly' win occurs with at least one substitute appearing in the winning combination and a 'QUAD Shot BONUS' symbol. The Mini Bonus is awarded when a 5 of a kind 'Ace', 'King', 'Queen', 'Jack', 'Ten' or 'Nine' win occurs with at least one substitute appearing in the winning combination and a 'QUAD Shot BONUS' symbol. QUAD Shot Bonuses cannot be triggered during the Free Games Feature. Last modification date: 12/20/2021