Mustang Spirit HOW TO PLAY LINES: If available, Increase or decrease the number of 'LINES' by clicking on the '+ / ▲' or '- / ▼' button. The 'TOTAL BET' is the 'BET' multiplied by the number of 'LINES'. SPIN / PLAY: Click on '▶ / 🔄' or press spacebar to start the game. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines will be paid according to the paytable. STOP: Once play is initiated the '▶ / 🔄 ' button becomes a '⏹' stop button. Click this button or press space bar to stop reels from spinning. The '⏹' button has no effect on the game outcome. AUTO: Click on the '🔁 / ⏩ / ➕' button and use the '+ / ▲' or '- / ▼' button to select the number of games to auto play. Number of auto play games remaining is displayed. During auto play, the '▶ / 🔄' button becomes a '⏹' button. Select this button to stop auto play once the current spin is complete. MAXIMUM BET: If available Click on the 'MAX' button to set the maximum bet. GAME HISTORY: This can be viewed by clicking on the 'clock / 🕓' button. RESULT: Any wins are indicated by the highlighted lines and symbols animating wherever applicable. Wins are shown in the message box. The game rules are identical in both real play and demo play modes. The player is responsible for checking the correct bet has been registered before commencing play. Malfunction Voids all Pays and Plays. Game Rules substitutes for all symbols except Scatters. is a scatter. 3 or more trigger HOLD'nSTACK FEATURE . symbol always appears on screen with a random Coin Bonus of 1,2,3,4,5,8,10,20,25 or 50 multiplied by total bet as displayed during the paid games and HOLD'nSTACK FEATURE only. Total bet played during the Feature is same as the game that triggered the Feature. Scatters pay in any position. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels, except scatters and Bonuses. All wins on lit lines only except scatters and Bonuses. Highest win only on each line except scatters and Bonuses. Highest win awarded only on each scatter combination, if applicable. All Wins are added. The game has a return to player of 96.04%. HOLD'nSTACK FEATURE During paid games, any 3 or more triggers the HOLD'nSTACK FEATURE with 5 free games. that triggered HOLD'nSTACK FEATURE and collected during HOLD'nSTACK FEATURE are held in position and each awards a random Coin Bonus of 1,2,3,4,5,8,10,20,25 or 50 multiplied by total credits bet, as displayed. Cash Stacks Bonus appear on top of each reel column as displayed. , , , , are scatters. When appears on the reel, the chance to win higher prize is boosted. can appear only once per reel column. If 3 are collected on a single reel column, Cash Stacks Bonus on top of that reel column is awarded. Cash Stacks Bonus awards a Bonus of 3,4,5,8,10,20,25,50,75,100,150 or 200 multiplied by total credits bet or GRAND , MAJOR , MINOR , MINI as displayed. Awards 1 free game, Awards 2 free games, Awards 3 free games, Awards 5 free games. When 5 Cash Stack Bonus are collected, HOLD'nSTACK FEATURE will terminate. Last modification date: 4/12/2022