Rob the Bank HOW TO PLAY LINES: If available, Increase or decrease the number of 'LINES' by clicking on the '+ / ▲' or '- / ▼' button. The 'TOTAL BET' is the 'BET' multiplied by the number of 'LINES'. SPIN / PLAY: Click on '▶ / 🔄' or press spacebar to start the game. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines will be paid according to the paytable. STOP: Once play is initiated the '▶ / 🔄 ' button becomes a '⏹' stop button. Click this button or press space bar to stop reels from spinning. The '⏹' button has no effect on the game outcome. AUTO: Click on the '🔁 / ⏩ / ➕' button and use the '+ / ▲' or '- / ▼' button to select the number of games to auto play. Number of auto play games remaining is displayed. During auto play, the '▶ / 🔄' button becomes a '⏹' button. Select this button to stop auto play once the current spin is complete. MAXIMUM BET: If available Click on the 'MAX' button to set the maximum bet. GAME HISTORY: This can be viewed by clicking on the 'clock / 🕓' button. RESULT: Any wins are indicated by the highlighted lines and symbols animating wherever applicable. Wins are shown in the message box. The game rules are identical in both real play and demo play modes. The player is responsible for checking the correct bet has been registered before commencing play. Malfunction Voids all Pays and Plays. GAME RULES substitutes for all symbols except Scatters. , and are scatters. SCATTER appears on reels 2, 3 and 4. appears on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 ONLY in paid game. During the game play, the three symbols , and pay mixed. Total bet played during the Feature is same as the game that triggered the Feature. Scatters pay in any position. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels, except scatters and Bonuses. All wins on lit lines only except scatters and Bonuses. Highest win only on each line except scatters and Bonuses. Highest win awarded only on each scatter combination, if applicable. All Wins are added. The game has a return to player of 96.16%. LUCKY BREAK FEATURE Any 2 appearing with on screen will trigger 6 Lucky Break Extra Feature free games. At the beginning of LUCKY BREAK FEATURE, 3 rings appear and randomly position themselves. During each spin, rings may move randomly and position themselves at new locations on screen. symbol always appears on screen with a random Prize of 1, 2, 3, 5, 10, 20, 25 or 50 multiplied by total bet OR with GRAND , MAJOR , MAXI , MINOR or MINI as displayed. When a appears inside the ring, the prize as displayed is awarded. When appears inside a ring, an additional ring is awarded in the next spin. When appears inside one or more rings, an additional 1 free spin is awarded. The Bonus prizes are awarded when with GRAND , MAJOR , MAXI , MINOR or MINI appears inside a ring. BANK FEATURE Any 2 appearing with on screen triggers Bank Feature. award prizes shown on symbol. symbol always appears on screen with a random Prize of 1, 2, 3, 5, 10, 20 or 50 multiplied by total bet. closes the reel. At any time will appear only on one reel. BANK FEATURE is completed when all 3 reels are closed. Last modification date: 10/5/2021