Royal Legacy HOW TO PLAY LINES: If available, Increase or decrease the number of 'LINES' by clicking on the '+ / ▲' or '- / ▼' button. The 'TOTAL BET' is the 'BET' multiplied by the number of 'LINES'. SPIN / PLAY: Click on '▶ / 🔄' or press spacebar to start the game. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines will be paid according to the paytable. STOP: Once play is initiated the '▶ / 🔄 ' button becomes a '⏹' stop button. Click this button or press space bar to stop reels from spinning. The '⏹' button has no effect on the game outcome. AUTO: Click on the '🔁 / ⏩ / ➕' button and use the '+ / ▲' or '- / ▼' button to select the number of games to auto play. Number of auto play games remaining is displayed. During auto play, the '▶ / 🔄' button becomes a '⏹' button. Select this button to stop auto play once the current spin is complete. MAXIMUM BET: If available Click on the 'MAX' button to set the maximum bet. GAME HISTORY: This can be viewed by clicking on the 'clock / 🕓' button. RESULT: Any wins are indicated by the highlighted lines and symbols animating wherever applicable. Wins are shown in the message box. The game rules are identical in both real play and demo play modes. The player is responsible for checking the correct bet has been registered before commencing play. Malfunction Voids all Pays and Plays. Game Rules All bets initiate 9 lines play. are wild can only substitute for symbols on the same active pay line to make a winning y line to make do not substitute for multipliers 3 Jackpot symbols on the same active pay line awards the highest corresponding fixed jackpot pay, as displayed.JACKPOT All wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels. All wins shown at current selected bet. Highest win only on each line. All wins on active lines only. Wins on different lines are added. The game has a return to player of 96.354%. Multiplier Symbols Certain symbols may have a multiplier Multipliers do not appear on wilds, and wilds do not substitute for multipliers. A multiplier on a winning line multiplies the corresponding winning pay. Two or more multipliers on the same winning line multiply together, and multiply the corresponding winning pay. The maximum total multiplier for a winning combination is 125x. Last modification date: 12/1/2023