Mustang Money Triple Shot HOW TO PLAY SPIN / PLAY: If available, click on '▶ / 🔄' or press spacebar to start the game. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines will be paid according to the paytable. STOP: Once play is initiated the '▶ / 🔄 ' button becomes a '⏹' stop button. Click this button or press space bar to stop reels from spinning, if available. The '⏹' button has no effect on the game outcome. AUTO: Click on the '🔁 / ⏩ / ➕' button and use the '+ / ▲' or '- / ▼' button to select the number of games to auto play. Number of auto play games remaining is displayed. During auto play, the '▶ / 🔄' button becomes a '⏹' button. Select this button to stop auto play once the current spin is complete. MAXIMUM BET: If available Click on the 'MAX' button to set the maximum bet. GAME HISTORY: This can be viewed by clicking on the 'clock / 🕓' button. RESULT: Any wins are indicated by the highlighted symbols animating wherever applicable. Wins are shown in the message box. The game rules are identical in both real play and demo play modes. The player is responsible for checking the correct bet has been registered before commencing play. Any incomplete game will resume when the game is opened next time. Malfunction Voids all Pays and Plays. GAME RULES All bets initiate 50 lines play. Any combination of 1 or more may randomly trigger 8 Free Games. appears on reel 1 only. appears on reel 3 only. appears on reel 5 only. Reel Strips during STICKY WILD FREE GAMES, BONUS FREE GAMES, and EXTRA FREE GAMES are different to one another and to reel strips during the paid games. appears on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 only for all games which are NOT associated with STICKY WILD FREE GAMES. are not available in the base game. will only be available for those free games which are associated with BONUS FREE GAMES. Whenever EXTRA FREE GAMES are awarded to the player, the extra game is always played based on current feature. Coins are scatters. Scatters pay in any position. All wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels, except scatters. Highest win awarded only on each scatter combination. All wins on lit lines only except scatters and Bonus Prizes. Highest win only on each line. Scatter wins and Bonus Prizes are added to line wins. Wins on different lines are added. All wins shown at current selected bet. All wins are added. Bet and Lines played during any of the free games feature are the same as the game that triggered the feature. The game has a return to player of 94.39%. STICKY WILD FREE GAMES Feature is triggered randomly by only. substitutes for all symbols. Each that appears during STICKY WILD FREE GAMES feature will be HELD in that position until feature is complete. do not appear during STICKY WILD FREE GAMES feature. BONUS FREE GAMES Feature is triggered randomly by only. is added to reels 1, 3, and 5. Each that appears will be marked . Collect 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 or 6 to win the respective Bonus. substitutes for all symbols, except all . appears on reels 2 - 5 only. Bonus prizes may be won multiple times during the BONUS FREE GAMES feature. At the end of the BONUS FREE GAMES feature all collected will be reset. do not appear during BONUS FREE GAMES feature. EXTRA FREE GAMES Feature is triggered randomly by only. Each that appears during EXTRA FREE GAMES feature will trigger one additional Free Game. appears on reel 5 only. substitutes for all symbols, except . appears on reels 2 - 5 only. do not appear during EXTRA FREE GAMES feature. STICKY WILD FREE GAMES + BONUS FREE GAMES Combined feature is triggered randomly by and . substitutes for all symbols, except all . Each that appears during the feature will be HELD in that position until feature is complete. is added to reels 1, 3, and 5. Each that appears will be marked . Collect 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 or 6 to win the respective Bonus. Bonus prizes may be won multiple times during the feature. At the end of feature all collected will be reset. Any will not be blocked by HELD . do not appear during the feature. STICKY FREE GAMES + EXTRA FREE GAMES Combined feature is triggered randomly by and . substitutes for all symbols, except . Each that appears during the feature will be HELD in that position until feature is complete. Each that appears during the feature will trigger one additional Free Game. appears on reel 5 only. will not be blocked by HELD . do not appear during the feature. BONUS FREE GAMES + EXTRA FREE GAMES Combined feature is triggered randomly by and . is added to reels 1, 3, and 5. Each that appears will be marked . Collect 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 or 6 to win the respective Bonus. Bonus prizes may be won multiple times during the feature. At the end of feature all collected will be reset. Each that appears during the feature will trigger one additional Free Game. appears on reel 5 only. substitutes for all symbols, except and all . appears on reels 2 - 5 only. do not appear during the feature. STICKY WILD FREE GAMES + BONUS FREE GAMES + EXTRA FREE GAMES Combined feature is triggered randomly by , and . substitutes for all symbols, except and all . Each that appears during the feature will be HELD in that position until feature is complete. is added to reels 1, 3, and 5. Each that appears will be marked . Collect 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 or 6 to win the respective Bonus. Bonus prizes may be won multiple times during the feature. At the end of feature all collected will be reset. Each that appears during the feature will trigger one additional Free Game. appears on reel 5 only. and will not be blocked by HELD . do not appear during the feature. Last modification date: 8/12/2025