Royal Swan HOW TO PLAY The 'TOTAL BET' is the 'BET' multiplied by the number of 'LINES'. GAME HISTORY: This can be viewed by clicking on the 'clock' button. RESULT: Any wins are indicated by the highlighted lines and symbols animating wherever applicable. Wins are shown in the message box. The game rules are identical in both real play and demo play modes. The player is responsible for checking the correct bet has been registered before commencing play. Malfunction Voids all Pays and Plays. GAME RULES substitutes for all symbols except scatters and Quad Shot Bonus. appears on reels 3, 4 and 5 during paid games only. is a scatter. Scatters pay in any position. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels, except scatters and Bonuses. All wins on lit lines only except scatters and Bonuses. Highest win only on each line except scatters and Bonuses. All Wins are added. The game has a return to player of 94.77%. FREE GAMES FEATURE 10 free games are triggered by any 3 or more scattered with randomly picking one of the following Free Games Feature. and on reels 2, 3 and 4 are replaced by . , and on reels 2, 3 and 4 are replaced by . , , and on reels 2, 3 and 4 are replaced by . , , , and on reels 2, 3 and 4 are replaced by . appears on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 only during the Free Games Feature. appears in all positions on reel 5 only. Additional 3 free games are triggered by any 2 or more scattered . Bet and lines played are the same as the game that triggered this Feature. Quad Shot Bonus Game Symbols The Major Bonus is awarded when a 5 of a kind Game Symbols win occurs with no substitutes appearing in the winning combination and a 'QUAD Shot BONUS' symbol. The Minor Bonus is awarded when a 5 of a kind Game Symbols win occurs with at least one substitute appearing in the winning combination and a 'QUAD Shot BONUS' symbol. Royals The Maxi Bonus is awarded when a 5 of a kind Royals win occurs with no substitutes appearing in the winning combination and a 'QUAD Shot BONUS' symbol. The Mini Bonus is awarded when a 5 of a kind Royals win occurs with at least one substitute appearing in the winning combination and a 'QUAD Shot BONUS' symbol. Last modification date: 11/24/2020