Endless Fortune HOW TO PLAY The 'TOTAL BET' is the 'BET' multiplied by the number of 'LINES'. GAME HISTORY: This can be viewed by clicking on the 'clock' button.\ RESULT: Any wins are indicated by the highlighted lines and symbols animating wherever applicable. Wins are shown in the message box. The game rules are identical in both real play and demo play modes. The player is responsible for checking the correct bet has been registered before commencing play. Malfunction Voids all Pays and Plays. GAME RULES All available bet options are multiplied by static multiplier '75'. is a scatter. substitutes for all symbols except . does not appear on reel 1. and appear during the paid games only. appears on reel 1, reel 3 and reel 5 only. 1 or more can randomly trigger with 8 free games. Reel strips during are different to reel strips during the paid games. Scatters pay in any position, if applicable. Total bet played during the free games is the same as the game that triggered the free games. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels, except scatters. All wins on lit lines only except scatters. Highest win only on each line except scatters. Highest win awarded only on each scatter combination, if applicable. All Wins are added. The game has a theoretical return to player of 96.10%. During paid games , with 8 free games is triggered by 1 or more scattered . One of the characters will be triggered and transfers to When character with is triggered, more with random Prize of 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 10, 25, 50 or 75 multiplied by 50 times of the bet per line value, will be revealed in the . When character with is triggered, more , and will be revealed in the . When character with is triggered, more , and will be revealed in the . Collect 3 , 4 or 5 to win the respective Bonus. Bonus prizes may be won multiple times during the . When character with is triggered, more Mini,maxi,grand will be revealed in the . and are Money Bag symbols, and they appear only in the games on reel 2, 3 , 4 and 5. or substitutes for all symbols except , , and . When one or more , or participates in a line win, the winning amount is multiplied by every corresponding multiplier display on the symbol. is a scatter. When each is revealed, one additional free spin is awarded. Total bet and pay lines played are the same as the game that triggered . Malfunction Voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 2/3/2026