Chiefs Magic HOW TO PLAY The 'TOTAL BET' is the 'BET' multiplied by the number of 'LINES'. GAME HISTORY: This can be viewed by clicking on the 'clock' button. RESULT: Any wins are indicated by the highlighted lines and symbols animating wherever applicable. Wins are shown in the message box. The game rules are identical in both real play and demo play modes. The player is responsible for checking the correct bet has been registered before commencing play. Malfunction Voids all Pays and Plays. GAME RULES substitutes for all symbols except scatters, , and . , and appear during the Free Games Feature only. appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 only during paid games. is a scatter. The game has a return to player of 94.48%. Scatters pay in any position. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels, except scatters. All wins on lit lines only except scatters and Bonuses. Highest win only on each line except scatters and Bonuses. All Wins are added. SECOND CHANCE RESPIN The Second Chance Respin is triggered by only 2 scattered during paid games only. Those reels where appears are held and all other reels are respun once only. No line win is awarded. Any 3 or more scattered appearing after the respin will trigger the Free Games Feature. The Second Chance Respin cannot be triggered during the Second Chance Respin. Bet and lines played are the same as the game that triggered this Feature. FREE GAMES FEATURE 10 free games are triggered by any 3 or more scatters. substitutes for only. Any 2 or more awards 5 additional free games. appears on reels 3 during this Feature only. appears on reels 2 and 4 and substitutes for all symbols except scatters, and during this Feature only. appears on reels 4 and substitutes for all symbols except scatters, and during this Feature only. If or substitutes in a win, the pay for that win is multiplied by 3 or 5 respectively. During this Feature, the corresponding Feature Paytable is applied. Bet and lines played are the same as the game that triggered this Feature. BONUS PRIZES Bonus Prizes can be awarded during the Free Games Feature only. During the Free Games Feature, when appears in all positions on any reel, a Mini Bonus, Minor Bonus, Major Bonus or Grand Bonus will be randomly awarded. The chance to trigger bonus prizes is proportional to total bet. Last modification date: 6/22/2021