Emerald Dream HOW TO PLAY The 'TOTAL BET' is the 'BET' multiplied by the number of 'LINES'. GAME HISTORY: This can be viewed by clicking on the 'clock' button. RESULT: Any wins are indicated by the highlighted lines and symbols animating wherever applicable. Wins are shown in the message box. The game rules are identical in both real play and demo play modes. The player is responsible for checking the correct bet has been registered before commencing play. Malfunction Voids all Pays and Plays. Game Rules Scatters pay in any position. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels, except scatters. All wins on lit lines only except scatters and Bonuses. Highest win only on each line except scatters and Bonuses. All Wins are added. 'Lady' substitutes for all symbols except scatters, 'Bonus Lady' and 'QUAD Shot BONUS'. 'Lady' appears on reels 3, 4 and 5 during paid games only. 'Emerald' is a scatter. The game has a return to player of 94.09%. Quad Shot Bonus The Major Bonus is awarded when a 5 of a kind Game Symbols win occurs with no substitutes appearing in the winning combination and a 'QUAD Shot BONUS' symbol. The Minor Bonus is awarded when a 5 of a kind Game Symbols win occurs with at least one substitute appearing in the winning combination and a 'QUAD Shot BONUS' symbol. The Maxi Bonus is awarded when a 5 of a kind Royals win occurs with no substitutes appearing in the winning combination and a 'QUAD Shot BONUS' symbol. The Mini Bonus is awarded when a 5 of a kind Royals win occurs with at least one substitute appearing in the winning combination and a 'QUAD Shot BONUS' symbol. Bonus Wild Feature During this Feature, the corresponding Feature Paytable is applied. Bet and lines played are the same as the game that triggered this Feature. Any 3 or more scatters trigger 8 free games. 'Lady' and ‘Bonus Lady’ appear on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. 'Emerald' appears on reels 1 and 5 only. Any 2 scatters award 3 additional free games, and add more 'Bonus Lady' for all remaining free games. 'Bonus Lady' appears during the Bonus Wild Feature and substitutes for all symbols except scatters. Any 7, 8 or 9 'Bonus Lady' will award a Bonus Prize of 10, 25 or 50, respectively, multiplied by the total bet respectively as displayed. Reel strips during Bonus Wild Feature are different to reel strips during paid games. 'Bonus Lady' appears only after the first free game retrigger. Scatter symbols do not appear after the third free games retrigger. Last modification date: 11/10/2020