Sweet Chilli HOW TO PLAY The 'TOTAL BET' is the 'BET' multiplied by the number of 'LINES'. GAME HISTORY: This can be viewed by clicking on the 'clock' button. RESULT: Any wins are indicated by the highlighted lines and symbols animating wherever applicable. Wins are shown in the message box. The game rules are identical in both real play and demo play modes. The player is responsible for checking the correct bet has been registered before commencing play. Malfunction Voids all Pays and Plays. Game Rules substitutes for all symbols except Scatters. Substitute symbol appears on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. symbol appear on reels 2, 3 and 4 only during paid games and FREE GAMES FEATURE. symbol always appear on screen with a random Electric Prizes of 1, 2, 3, 5, 10, 25, 50, 100 or 250 multiplied by total bet OR with Mini or Minor Bonuses as displayed. 6 or more symbol win all Electric Prizes appearing on them. Electric Prizes are awarded at the end of the Stick & Spin Feature . Scatters pay in any position. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels, except scatters and Bonuses. All wins on lit lines only except scatters and Bonuses. Highest win only on each line except scatters and Bonuses. All Wins are added. The game has a return to player of 96.17%. STICK & SPIN FEATURE During paid games or FREE GAMES FEATURE, 6 or more symbol triggers the Stick & Spin Feature . Initially 3 free spins are awarded. The symbols that triggered the Stick & Spin Feature are held in position. If one or more additional symbol appears, those symbols are also held in position and the number of free spins remaining is reset to 3. Paytable prizes are not awarded during the Stick & Spin Feature . The Stick & Spin Feature is completed when either no free spins remain or a Grand Bonus is awarded. Bet and lines played are the same as the game that triggered this Feature. FREE GAMES FEATURE During paid games, 3 or more triggers the FREE GAMES FEATURE with 10 free games. FREE GAMES FEATURE can be triggered again during the FREE GAMES FEATURE. During this FREE GAMES FEATURE, the FREE GAMES FEATURE paytable is applied. Bet and lines played are the same as the game that triggered this Feature. Grand Bonus The Grand Bonus is awarded when 15 are collected during the Stick & Spin Feature . Major Bonus The Major Bonus is awarded when 10 or more are collected during the Stick & Spin Feature . Last modification date: 12/20/2021