Hao Yun Treasures GAME RULES All bets initiate 432 ways play. Winning combinations begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels in any position. Winning combinations begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels in any position. substitutes for all symbols except appears only on reel 2 and reel 4 during paid games. appears only on reel 2, 3 and 4 during the Free Games Feature and appears on all reels during the paid games and Free Games Feature, and all reels except reel 3 during the appears only on reel 3 during the paid games and All wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels. Each winning combination uses only one symbol position per reel. Highest win awarded only per winning combination. Wins on each winning combination are added. Each reel contains stacked mystery symbol positions that are replaced with one random symbol during game play. All mystery symbol positions are replaced with the same symbol per spin. Mystery symbol positions may be replaced with any symbol except , and . All wins shown at current selected bet. On a single spin if both the and the Free Games Feature are triggered, the will be played first. On a single spin if both the and the are triggered, the will be played first. The game has a return to player of 96.058%. FREE GAMES FEATURE A winning combination of 3, 4 or 5 with no awards 10, 15 or 25 free games of the Free Games Feature, respectively During the Free Games Feature, a winning combination of 3, 4 or 5 awards 10, 15 or 25 extra free games of the Free Games Feature, respectively. cannot be won during the Free Games Feature. Bet and ways played are the same as the game that triggered the Free Games Feature. Reel strips during the Free Games Feature are different to reel strips during paid games. A winning combination of 3, 4 or 5 with one awards 10, 15 or 25 free games of the , respectively. During the , a winning combination of 3, 4 or 5 with or without awards 10, 15 or 25 extra free games of the , respectively. Free Games Feature cannot be won during the Bet and ways played are the same as the game that triggered the Reel strips during the Games are different to reel strips during paid games. During paid games, a in any position may randomly initiate the The player chooses from 12 and continues to make selections until have been revealed. Select a to reveal Selection continues until symbols have been revealed. Selection continues until symbols have been revealed. 3 symbols award the GRAND Bonus. 3 symbols award the MAJOR Bonus. 3 symbols award the MINOR Bonus. 3 symbols award the MINI Bonus. The ends when a bonus has been awarded. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Last modification date: 1/3/2024