Cash Hound HOW TO PLAY The 'TOTAL BET' is the 'BET' multiplied by the number of 'LINES'. GAME HISTORY: This can be viewed by clicking on the 'clock' button. RESULT: Any wins are indicated by the highlighted lines and symbols animating wherever applicable. Wins are shown in the message box. The game rules are identical in both real play and demo play modes. The player is responsible for checking the correct bet has been registered before commencing play. Malfunction Voids all Pays and Plays. Game Rules 'Gold Bone' is a scatter and appears during paid games and Super Feature only. 'Golden Hound' appears on reel 3 only and appears during paid games and Bonus Spin only. 'Golden Hound' substitutes for 'Hound' only. If 'Golden Hound' substitutes in a line win the pay for that line win is multiplied by 2. 'Hound Head' appears during the Crazy Feature and Super Feature only. 'Cow' appears during the Crazy Feature and the Super Feature only. 3 or more Scatters randomly trigger either Crazy Feature or Super Feature. The game has a return to player of 94.04%. Scatters pay in any position. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels, except scatters. All wins on lit lines only except scatters and Bonuses. Highest win only on each line. Wins on different lines are added. SUPER FEATURE 10 free games are awarded when the Super Feature is triggered. 'Wild Bone' appears during this Feature only. 'Wild Bone' substitutes for all symbols except 'Hound Head', 'x2' and 'x3'. Every time a 'Hound Head' appears on reel 1, a Bonus Reel with bonus symbols 'x2' or 'x3' appears and all symbols appearing on either the first 3, 4 or 5 reels, determined at random, are transformed to 'Hound Head' except 'Gold Bone' which is transformed to 'Wild Bone'. All 'Hound Head' will be randomly replaced by any other symbol except scatters and 'Hound'. All wins are multiplied by corresponding multiplier appearing on bonus reel. 'Hound' appears on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 only and substitutes for all symbols except scatters, 'x2', 'x3', 'Hound Head' and 'Wild Bone'. Any 2 or more scatters appearing will award 5 additional free games. During this Feature, the corresponding Paytable is applied. Bet and lines played are the same as the game that triggered this Feature. CRAZY FEATURE 6 free games are awarded when the Crazy Feature is triggered. 'Hound' substitutes for all symbols except scatters, bonus symbols and 'Hound Head'. Starting from the 6th free game, the Bonus Reel with bonus symbols 'x2', 'x3', 'x2 Respin' or 'x3 Respin' is activated. All wins are multiplied by corresponding multiplier appearing on bonus reel. One additional free game is awarded when 'x2 Respin' or 'x3 Respin' appears on the Bonus Reel. A new symbol 'Hound Head' is guaranteed to appear in all positions on specific reels only as per the below Crazy Feature Free Games Path Table. During this Feature, the corresponding Paytable is applied. Bet and lines played are the same as the game that triggered this Feature. BONUS SPIN During paid games, the Bonus Spin is triggered if 'Hound' appears in all positions on reels 1 and 2, except when Grand or Major bonus prize is awarded. If during paid games the Bonus Spin and either the Crazy Feature or the Super Feature are triggered simultaneously, the Bonus Spin is played first and the Crazy Feature or the Super Feature is played at the end of the Bonus Spin. During the Bonus Spin, all reels from the game which triggered the Bonus Spin are respun once only except those reels which have 'Hound' or 'Golden Hound' appearing in all positions. During the Bonus Spin, no line win is awarded. Bonus Spin cannot be triggered again during the Bonus Spin. Last modification date: 10/14/2020