Big Thunder Quad Shot HOW TO PLAY The 'TOTAL BET' is the 'BET' multiplied by the number of 'LINES'. GAME HISTORY: This can be viewed by clicking on the 'clock' button. RESULT: Any wins are indicated by the highlighted lines and symbols animating wherever applicable. Wins are shown in the message box. The game rules are identical in both real play and demo play modes. The player is responsible for checking the correct bet has been registered before commencing play. Malfunction Voids all Pays and Plays. Game Rules Scatters pay in any position. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels, except scatters. All wins on lit lines only except scatters and Bonuses. Highest win only on each line except scatters and Bonuses. All Wins are added. 'Gorilla' substitutes for all symbols except scatters during paid games only. 'Gorilla' appears on reels 3, 4 and 5 during paid games only. 'Big Thunder' is a scatter. The game has a return to player of 94.39%. Quad Shot Bonus Game Symbols The Major Bonus is awarded when a 5 of a kind Game Symbols win occurs with no substitutes appearing in the winning combination and a 'QUAD Shot BONUS' symbol. The Minor Bonus is awarded when a 5 of a kind Game Symbols win occurs with at least one substitute appearing in the winning combination and a 'QUAD Shot BONUS' symbol. Royals The Maxi Bonus is awarded when a 5 of a kind Royals win occurs with no substitutes appearing in the winning combination and a 'QUAD Shot BONUS' symbol. The Mini Bonus is awarded when a 5 of a kind Royals win occurs with at least one substitute appearing in the winning combination and a 'QUAD Shot BONUS' symbol. Bonus Reel Feature 15 Bonus Reel Feature games are triggered by any 3 or more scattered 'Big Thunder'. During the Bonus Reel Feature, a bonus reel appears with 2 new bonus symbols 'x3', 'x5' and the 'Big Thunder' symbol. During the Bonus Reel Feature, 'Gorilla' substitutes for all symbols except 'x3' and 'x5'. When 'x3' appears anywhere on the bonus reel all wins for that game are TRIPLED (x3). When 'x5' appears anywhere on the bonus reel all wins for that game are MULTIPLIED BY 5 (x5). During the Bonus Reel Feature, all wins pay any. During the Bonus Reel Feature, an additional 5 Bonus Reel Feature games are triggered when any 3 or more scattered 'Big Thunder' appear. During the Bonus Reel Feature, the corresponding Feature paytable is applied. Bet and lines played are the same as the game that triggered the Bonus Reel Feature. Last modification date: 10/14/2020