Jade Emperor HOW TO PLAY The 'TOTAL BET' is the 'BET' multiplied by the number of 'LINES'. GAME HISTORY: This can be viewed by clicking on the 'clock' button. RESULT: Any wins are indicated by the highlighted lines and symbols animating wherever applicable. Wins are shown in the message box. The game rules are identical in both real play and demo play modes. The player is responsible for checking the correct bet has been registered before commencing play. Malfunction Voids all Pays and Plays. RULES 'Emperor' appears on reels 3, 4 and 5 only. 'Temple' is a scatter. 'King Strike' appears on Reel 6 only. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels, except scatters. Scatters pay in any position. All wins on lit lines only except scatters. Highest win only on each line, except Bonuses. Scatter wins and bonuses are added to line wins. Wins on different lines are added. The game has a return to player of 94.41%. FREE GAMES FEATURE 10, 15 or 25 free games are triggered by any 3, 4 or 5 scattered 'Temple' respectively. During the Free Games Feature, 'Emperor' appears in all positions on reel 5 only. During the Free Games Feature, 'Emperor' appears on reels 3, 4 and 5 only. During the Free Games Feature, an additional 5 free games are triggered by any 2 or more scattered 'Temple'. During the Free Games Feature, 5 scattered 'Temple' cannot be won. During the Free Games Feature, the Feature Paytable is applied. Bet and lines played are the same as the game that triggered the Free Games Feature. Reel strips during the Free Games Feature are different to reel strips during paid games. KING STRIKE BONUS The Major Bonus is awarded when a 5 of a kind 'Dragon', 'Lion', 'Pot', 'Lantern' or 'Peach' win occurs with no substitutes appearing in the winning combination and a 'King Strike' symbol appears on reel 6. The Maxi Bonus is awarded when a 5 of a kind 'Ace', 'King', 'Queen', 'Jack', 'Ten' or 'Nine' win occurs with no substitutes appearing in the winning combination and a 'King Strike' symbol appears on reel 6. The Minor Bonus is awarded when a 5 of a kind 'Dragon', 'Lion', 'Pot', 'Lantern' or 'Peach' win occurs with at least one substitute appearing in the winning combination and a 'King Strike' symbol appears on reel 6. The Mini Bonus is awarded when a 5 of a kind 'Ace', 'King', 'Queen', 'Jack', 'Ten' or 'Nine' win occurs with at least one substitute appearing in the winning combination and a 'King Strike' symbol appears on reel 6. The Major and Maxi Bonuses cannot be triggered during the Free Games Feature. Last modification date: 10/19/2020