Light Em Up Rules Lady substitutes for all symbols except scatters. Lady appears on reels 3, 4 and 5 only during paid games. Light em Up is a scatter. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels, except scatters. Scatters pay in any position. All wins on lit lines only except scatters. Highest win only on each line. Scatter wins are added to line wins. Wins on different lines are added. The game has a return to player of 94.38%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Free games Features 10 free games are triggered by any 3 or more scattered 'Light em Up'. During the Free Games Feature, 3 bonus feature reels appear on top of reel 2, 3 and 4 only with 'Lady x1', 'Lady x2', 'Lady x3', 'Expansion Lady x1', 'Expansion Lady x2' and 'Expansion Lady x3'. When 'Lady x1' or 'Lady x2' or 'Lady x3' appears on bonus feature reels 2, 3 or 4, 'Lady' appearing on those corresponding reels is transformed to 'Lady x1' or 'Lady x2' or 'Lady x3' respectively. When 'Expansion Lady x1', 'Expansion Lady x2' or 'Expansion Lady x3' appears on bonus feature reels 2, 3 or 4, all symbols on those corresponding reels are transformed to 'Lady x1', 'Lady x2' or 'Lady x3' symbols respectively except 'Light em Up' which is transformed into 'Wild Light em Up'. During the Free Games Feature, 'Lady x1', 'Lady x2' and 'Lady x3' substitute for all symbols except scatters. During the Free Games Feature, 'Wild Light em Up' substitutes for all symbols except 'Lady x2' and 'Lady x3'. During the Free Games Feature, 'Lady' appears on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 only. During the Free Games Feature, 'Lady x1', 'Lady x2' and 'Lady x3' appear on reels 2, 3, 4 and bonus feature reels only. Expansion Lady x1', 'Expansion Lady x2' and 'Expansion Lady x3' appear on bonus feature reels only. 'Wild Light em Up', 'Expansion Lady x1', 'Expansion Lady x2', 'Expansion Lady x3', 'Lady x2' and 'Lady x3' appear during the Free Games Feature only. When only one 'Lady x2' or 'Lady x3' substitutes in a winning combination, the prize for that winning combination is multiplied by x2 or x3 respectively. When one or more of 'Lady x2' or/and 'Lady x3' substitute in the same winning combination, the prize for that winning combination is multiplied by the product of every Lady Multiplier values. During the Free Games Feature, 5 additional free games are triggered by any 2 or more scattered 'Light em Up'. During the Free Games Feature, the Free Games Feature paytable is applied. Bet and lines played are the same as the game that triggered the Free Games Feature. Reel strips during feature games are different to reel strips during paid games. Last modification date: 6/17/2020