Golden Yang HOW TO PLAY LINES: If available, Increase or decrease the number of 'LINES' by clicking on the '+ / ▲' or '- / ▼' button. The 'TOTAL BET' is the 'BET' multiplied by the number of 'LINES'. SPIN / PLAY: Click on '▶ / 🔄' or press spacebar to start the game. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines will be paid according to the paytable. STOP: Once play is initiated the '▶ / 🔄 ' button becomes a '⏹' stop button. Click this button or press space bar to stop reels from spinning. The '⏹' button has no effect on the game outcome. AUTO: Click on the '🔁 / ⏩ / ➕' button and use the '+ / ▲' or '- / ▼' button to select the number of games to auto play. Number of auto play games remaining is displayed. During auto play, the '▶ / 🔄' button becomes a '⏹' button. Select this button to stop auto play once the current spin is complete. MAXIMUM BET: If available Click on the 'MAX' button to set the maximum bet. GAME HISTORY: This can be viewed by clicking on the 'clock / 🕓' button. RESULT: Any wins are indicated by the highlighted lines and symbols animating wherever applicable. Wins are shown in the message box. The game rules are identical in both real play and demo play modes. The player is responsible for checking the correct bet has been registered before commencing play. Malfunction Voids all Pays and Plays. GAME RULES substitutes for all symbols except Scatters. , , and appear during paid games and Free Games Feature only. is a scatter. is a scatter. , appear during the MONEY UP FEATURE only. appears on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. Scatters pay in any position. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels, except scatters, ladder prizes and Bonuses. All wins on lit lines only except scatters, ladder prizes and Bonuses. Highest win awarded only on each scatter combination. Highest win only on each line except scatters, ladder prizes and Bonuses. All Wins are added. The game has a return to player of 96.05%. FREE GAMES FEATURE Any 3 or more scattered triggers the Free Games Feature with 8 free games. During the Free Games Feature, when appears on any reel, all symbols on that reel will be transformed to . For each free game, either the number of , , or will be randomly increased. During the Free Games Feature, any 3 or more scattered awards 3 additional free games. Bet and lines played are the same as the game that triggered the FREE GAMES FEATURE. MONEY UP FEATURE Any 6 or more , and/or triggers the MONEY UP FEATURE with 3 free games. The initial Ladder Prizes on the top of each reel are 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 10 and 15 multiplied by the total bet. The Ladder Prizes are multiplied by the sum of the , and from the corresponding reel. All level 1 Ladder Prizes on the top of each corresponding reels are activated. If one or more appears, one additional free game is awarded. The current Ladder Prize will progress to the next level depending on the number of appearing on each corresponding reel. When the current Ladder Prize reaches its penultimate level, the may appear in the corresponding reel. Each randomly awards one or more Bonus Prizes. When there are no more free games remaining, the current highlighted Ladder Prizes are awarded. Bet and lines played are the same as the game that triggered the MONEY UP FEATURE Last modification date: 11/17/2021