Kanga Cash HOW TO PLAY The 'TOTAL BET' is the 'BET' multiplied by the number of 'LINES'. GAME HISTORY: This can be viewed by clicking on the 'clock' button. RESULT: Any wins are indicated by the highlighted lines and symbols animating wherever applicable. Wins are shown in the message box. The game rules are identical in both real play and demo play modes. The player is responsible for checking the correct bet has been registered before commencing play. Malfunction Voids all Pays and Plays. Game Rules 'Kangaroo' substitutes for all symbols except scatters. 'Kangaroo' appears on reels 3, 4 and 5 only. 'Sunset' appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 only during paid games. 'Sunset', 'Major' and 'Minor' are scatters. 'Minor' and 'Major' appear with 'Sunset' only. 'Minor' and 'Major' appear during the Kanga Cash Feature only. Scatters pay in any position. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels, except scatters, repeat win prizes and Spin and Hold Feature prize. Highest win only on each line except scatters, repeat win prizes and Bonuses. All wins are added. The game has a return to player of 95.33%. KANGA CASH FEATURE A set of 5 free games is awarded for each winning line with 'Kangaroo' substituting in the win. Each set of 5 free games has a repeat win prize associated with it which is equal to the line win amount that awarded the set of free games. The free games remaining meter displays the number of games for the current set of 5 free games. The sets of free games are displayed in order by their associated repeat win prize with the current set highlighted. Each 'Sunset' that appears during the 5 free games of each set awards the associated repeat win prize. During the Kanga Cash Feature, the Kanga Cash Feature paytable is applied. Bet and lines played are the same as the game that triggered this Feature. The Kanga Cash Feature can be triggered again during the Kanga Cash Feature. SPIN AND HOLD FEATURE During paid games, any 6 or more 'Sunset' triggers the Spin and Hold Feature. 3 free respins are awarded. The 'Sunset' that triggered the Spin and Hold Feature are held in position. If 1 or more additional 'Sunset' appears, those 'Sunset's are held and the number of respins remaining is reset to 3. The Spin and Hold Feature is completed when either no respin remains or the Grand Bonus is won. At the end of the Spin and Hold Feature, a prize will be awarded depending on the number of 'Sunset's that have been collected. 6 to 7 'Sunset's awards 5x the total bet as displayed. 8 to 9 'Sunset's awards 8x the total bet as displayed. 10 to 11 'Sunset's awards 12x the total bet as displayed. 12 to 13 'Sunset's awards 25x the total bet as displayed. 14 'Sunset's awards 45x the total bet as displayed. 15 'Sunset's awards the Grand Bonus. BONUS PRIZES 'Minor' and 'Major' appear with 'Sunset' only. 'Minor' and 'Major' appear during the Kanga Cash Feature only. Minor Bonus is won whenever 'Minor' appears. Major Bonus is won whenever 'Major' appears. Grand Bonus Prize The Grand Bonus is awarded when 15 'Sunset's are collected during the Spin and Hold Feature. The Grand Bonus can also be awarded randomly on any paid game when the Spin and Hold Feature is not triggered. Last modification date: 1/25/2021