Grand Circus Lucky Break Extra HOW TO PLAY The 'TOTAL BET' is the 'BET' multiplied by the number of 'LINES'. GAME HISTORY: This can be viewed by clicking on the 'clock' button. RESULT: Any wins are indicated by the highlighted lines and symbols animating wherever applicable. Wins are shown in the message box. The game rules are identical in both real play and demo play modes. The player is responsible for checking the correct bet has been registered before commencing play. Malfunction Voids all Pays and Plays. GAME RULES substitutes for all symbols except Scatters. symbol appears on reels 3, 4 and 5 during paid games only. symbol always appears on screen with a random Prize of 1, 2, 3, 5, or 10 multiplied by total bet as displayed during the paid games and FREE GAMES FEATURE only. Total bet played during the Feature is same as the game that triggered the Feature. and are scatters. Scatters pay in any position. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels, except scatters. All wins on lit lines only except scatters and Bonuses. Highest win only on each line except scatters and Bonuses. All Wins are added. The game has a return to player of 94.67%. LUCKY BREAK FEATURE During paid games or FREE GAMES FEATURE, 5 or more triggers the LUCKY BREAK FEATURE. Initially 6 free spins are awarded in the LUCKY BREAK FEATURE. At the beginning of LUCKY BREAK FEATURE, 3 rings appear and randomly position themselves. During each spin, rings may move randomly and position themselves at new locations on screen. symbol always appears on screen with a random Prize of 1, 2, 3, 5, 10, 20, 25 or 50 multiplied by total bet OR with or as displayed. When a appears inside the ring, the prize as displayed is awarded. When appears inside a ring, an additional ring is awarded in the next spin. When appears inside one or more rings, an additional 1 free spin is awarded. BONUS PRIZES The Bonus prizes are awarded when with or appears inside a ring. FREE GAMES FEATURE During paid games, 5 or more triggers the FREE GAMES FEATURE. The number of free games awarded at the beginning or during retrigger of the FREE GAMES FEATURE is equal to the number of symbols that triggered the feature. symbol appears on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. or appears on reel 3 only. , or substitutes for all symbols except Scatters. 5 or more re-triggers the FREE GAMES FEATURE. appears in all positions on reel 5 only. symbols on reel 5 are displayed as a . Last modification date: 2/3/2021