Jade Tiger HOW TO PLAY The 'TOTAL BET' is the 'BET' multiplied by the number of 'LINES'. GAME HISTORY: This can be viewed by clicking on the 'clock' button. RESULT: Any wins are indicated by the highlighted lines and symbols animating wherever applicable. Wins are shown in the message box. The game rules are identical in both real play and demo play modes. The player is responsible for checking the correct bet has been registered before commencing play. Malfunction Voids all Pays and Plays. Game Rules 'Tiger' substitutes for all symbols except scatters during paid games only. 'Tiger' appears on reels 3, 4 and 5 only during paid games. 'Jade' is a scatter. 'Jade Tiger' and 'Lucky Boy' appear during the Free Games Feature only. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels, except scatters. Scatters pay in any position. All wins on lit lines only except scatters. Highest win only on each line. Scatter wins and line wins are added. Wins on different lines are added. The game has a return to player of 94.20%. FREE GAMES FEATURE 10 free games are triggered by any 3 or more scattered 'Jade'. During the Free Games Feature, 'Lucky Boy' appears on reels 1 and 5 only. During the Free Games Feature, 'Tiger' substitutes for all symbols except 'Lucky Boy' and 'Jade'. During the Free Games Feature, 'Tiger' appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. During the Free Games Feature, 5 additional free games of the Free Games Feature are triggered by any 3 or more scattered 'Jade'. During the Free Games Feature, the Feature paytable is applied. LUCKY FEATURE During the Free Games Feature, if scattered 'Lucky Boy' appears on reels 1 and 5, the Lucky Feature is triggered. During the Lucky Feature, 1 free game with reels 1 and 5 held with 'Tiger' in all positions is awarded. During the Lucky Feature, 'Tiger' substitutes for all symbols. During the Lucky Feature, 'Tiger' appears on reels 1 and 5 only. 'Lucky' appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 during the Lucky Feature only. 'Jade' and 'Lucky Boy' do not appear during the Lucky Feature. 'Lucky' is replaced by any other symbol except 'Jade', 'Jade Tiger', 'Lucky Boy' and 'Tiger'. For every Lucky Feature game, all 'Lucky' appearing will be randomly replaced by the same symbol. Free Games Feature cannot be triggered again during the Lucky Feature. During the Lucky Feature, the Lucky Feature paytable is applied. Bet and lines played during the Free Games Feature and the Lucky Feature are the same as the game that triggered the Free Games Feature. Reel strips during the Free Games Feature and the Lucky Feature are different to reel strips during paid games. FREE GAMES FEATURE 0 free games are triggered by any 3 or more scattered 'Jade'. During the Free Games Feature, 'Lucky Boy' appears on reels 1 and 5 only. During the Free Games Feature, 'Tiger' substitutes for all symbols except 'Lucky Boy' and 'Jade'. During the Free Games Feature, 'Tiger' appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. During the Free Games Feature, 5 additional free games of the Free Games Feature are triggered by any 3 or more scattered 'Jade'. During the Free Games Feature, the Feature paytable is applied. Last modification date: 9/28/2020