Cash Cave Game Rules 'Bear' substitutes for all symbols except scatters. 'Bear' appears on reels 3, 4 and 5 only during paid games. 'Cash Cave' is a scatter. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels, except scatters. Scatters pay in any position. All wins on lit lines only except scatters. Highest win only on each line. Scatter wins and line wins are added. Wins on different lines are added. FREE GAMES FEATURE 0 free games are triggered by any 3 or more scattered 'Cash Cave'. During the Free Games Feature, 'Bear' appears on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 only. During the Free Games Feature, 'Bear' substitutes for all symbols except scatters. During the Free Games Feature, if one or more 'Bear' substitutes in a win the pay for that win is multiplied by the 'Bear' multiplier except scatter wins - as displayed in 'Bear' Multipliers Table. During the Free Games Feature, the Feature paytable is applied. Cash Cave Feature During the Free Games Feature, any 3 or more scattered 'Cash Cave' appearing will trigger the Cash Cave Feature with 5 additional Cash Cave free games. Once the Cash Cave Feature is triggered, all the remaining free games are played as the Cash Cave free games. During the Cash Cave Feature, 'Bear' appears on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 only. During the Cash Cave Feature, 'Bear' substitutes for all symbols. During the Cash Cave Feature if one or more 'Bear' substitutes in a win the pay for that win is multiplied by the 'Bear' multiplier - as displayed in 'Bear' Multipliers Table. Free Games Feature cannot be triggered again during the Cash Cave Feature. During the Cash Cave Feature, the Cash Cave Feature paytable is applied. 'Cash Cave' does not appear during the Cash Cave Feature. Bet and lines played during the Free Games Feature and the Cash Cave Feature are the same as the game that triggered the Free Games Feature. Reel strips during the Free Games Feature and the Cash Cave Feature are different to each other and also different to the reel strips during paid games. RTP Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The theoretical return to player is 94.04%. Last modification date: 6/17/2020