Big Thunder RULES 'Gorilla' substitutes for all symbols except 'King Strike' and scatters during paid games only. 'Gorilla' appears on reels 3, 4 and 5 during paid games only. 'Big Thunder' is a scatter. 'King Strike' appears on reel 6 during paid games only. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels, except scatters and during the Bonus Reel Feature. Scatters pay in any position. All wins on lit lines only except scatters. Highest win only on each line, except Bonuses. Scatter wins and bonuses are added to line wins. Wins on different lines are added.. Bonus Reel Feature 15 Bonus Reel Feature games are triggered by any 3 or more scattered 'Big Thunder'. During the Bonus Reel Feature, a bonus reel appears with 2 new bonus symbols 'x3', 'x5' and the 'Big Thunder' symbol. During the Bonus Reel Feature, 'Gorilla' substitutes for all symbols except 'x3' and 'x5'. When 'x3' appears anywhere on the bonus reel all wins for that game are TRIPLED (x3). When 'x5' appears anywhere on the bonus reel all wins for that game are MULTIPLIED BY 5 (x5). During the Bonus Reel Feature, all wins pay any. During the Bonus Reel Feature, an additional 5 Bonus Reel Feature games are triggered when any 3 or more scattered 'Big Thunder' appear. During the Bonus Reel Feature, the Feature paytable is applied. Bet and lines played are the same as the game that triggered the Bonus Reel Feature. Reel strips during the Bonus Reel Feature are different to reel strips during paid games. King Strike Bonus The Major Bonus is awarded when a 5 of a kind 'Waterfall', 'Drum', 'Shield', 'Snake' or 'Mask' win occurs with no substitutes appearing in the winning combination and a 'King Strike' symbol appears on reel 6. The Maxi Bonus is awarded when a 5 of a kind 'Ace', 'King', 'Queen', 'Jack', 'Ten' or 'Nine' win occurs with no substitutes appearing in the winning combination and a 'King Strike' symbol appears on reel 6. The Minor Bonus is awarded when a 5 of a kind 'Waterfall', 'Drum', 'Shield', 'Snake' or 'Mask' win occurs with at least one substitute appearing in the winning combination and a 'King Strike' symbol appears on reel 6. The Mini Bonus is awarded when a 5 of a kind 'Ace', 'King', 'Queen', 'Jack', 'Ten' or 'Nine' win occurs with at least one substitute appearing in the winning combination and a 'King Strike' symbol appears on reel 6. Bonuses cannot be triggered during the Bonus Reel Feature. RTP Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The theoretical return to player is 94.38%. Last modification date: 6/17/2020