Panda King HOW TO PLAY The 'TOTAL BET' is the 'BET' multiplied by the number of 'LINES'. GAME HISTORY: This can be viewed by clicking on the 'clock' button. RESULT: Any wins are indicated by the highlighted lines and symbols animating wherever applicable. Wins are shown in the message box. The game rules are identical in both real play and demo play modes. The player is responsible for checking the correct bet has been registered before commencing play. Malfunction Voids all Pays and Plays. Game Rules 'Panda' substitutes for all symbols except scatters. 'Yin Yang' is a scatter. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels, except ‘Fortune’ and scatters. Scatters pay in any position. All wins on lit lines only except scatters. Highest win only on each line. Scatter wins and line wins are added. Wins on different lines are added. The game has a return to player of 94.34%. FREE GAMES FEATURE Free Games Feature is triggered by any 3 or more scattered 'Yin Yang'. Choose your feature from 1 of 3 feature options by pressing the corresponding button. The feature options are: 1. 12 free games, 'Waterfall', 'Coin' and 'Pergola' on reels 2, 3 and 4 only are replaced by 'Panda'. 2. 10 free games, 'Waterfall', 'Coin', 'Pergola' and 'Lotus' on reels 2, 3 and 4 only are replaced by 'Panda'. 3. 8 free games, 'Waterfall', 'Coin', 'Pergola', 'Lotus' and 'Ingot' on reels 2, 3 and 4 only are replaced by 'Panda'. During the Free Games Feature, 'Panda' and 'Yin Yang' appear on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. 'Fortune' appears during the Free Games Feature only and pays any. 5 of a kind 'Fortune' win with 2 or 3 'Panda' substituting are multiplied by 2 or 3 respectively. During the Free Games Feature, 3 scattered 'Yin Yang' will trigger the same number of free games as the selected feature option. Bet and lines played are the same as the game that triggered the Free Games Feature. Reel strips during feature games are different to reel strips during paid games. All feature options use different reel strips. Last modification date: 1/25/2021