Xtension Cash Flames of Glory HOW TO PLAY SPIN / PLAY: Click on '▶ / 🔄' or press spacebar to start the game. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines will be paid according to the paytable. STOP: Once play is initiated the '▶ / 🔄 ' button becomes a '⏹' stop button. Click this button or press space bar to stop reels from spinning. The '⏹' button has no effect on the game outcome. AUTO: Click on the '🔁 / ⏩ / ➕' button and use the '+ / ▲' or '- / ▼' button to select the number of games to auto play. Number of auto play games remaining is displayed. During auto play, the '▶ / 🔄' button becomes a '⏹' button. Select this button to stop auto play once the current spin is complete. MAXIMUM BET: If available Click on the 'MAX' button to set the maximum bet. GAME HISTORY: This can be viewed by clicking on the 'clock / 🕓' button. RESULT: Any wins are indicated by the highlighted lines and symbols animating wherever applicable. Wins are shown in the message box. The game rules are identical in both real play and demo play modes. The player is responsible for checking the correct bet has been registered before commencing play. Malfunction Voids all Pays and Plays. Game rules substitutes for all symbols except appear during the paid games only appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. and are scatters symbols always appear on screen with a random Prize of 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 10, 15, 20, 50 and 100 multiplied by total bet as displayed All symbols landing on the reel under and itself are activated. 243 initial win ways and up to 32525 extra win ways can contribute to wins. Each active position of the reels increases the number of win ways. The reel area which is not covered by curtain is the active area. Total bet played during the Feature is the same as the game that triggered the Feature. Scatters pay in any position. Highest win awarded only on each scatter combination, if applicable. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels, except scatters and Bonuses. Highest win only per winning combination. Each winning combination used only one symbol position per reel, except scatters and Bonuses. All Wins are added. The game has a return to player of 94.11%. Last modification date: 12/10/2024