Money from Mars HOW TO PLAY The 'TOTAL BET' is the 'BET' multiplied by the number of 'LINES'. GAME HISTORY: This can be viewed by clicking on the 'clock' button. RESULT: Any wins are indicated by the highlighted lines and symbols animating wherever applicable. Wins are shown in the message box. The game rules are identical in both real play and demo play modes. The player is responsible for checking the correct bet has been registered before commencing play. Malfunction Voids all Pays and Plays. GAME RULES substitutes for all symbols except scatters and substitutes for all symbols except Scatters. substitutes for all symbols except Scatters. appears on reels 3, 4 and 5 during paid games only. or appears on reel 3 during paid games only. If or participates in a win the pay for that win is doubled. Scatters pay in any position. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels, except scatters and Bonuses. All wins on lit lines only except scatters and Bonuses. Highest win only on each line except scatters and Bonuses. All Wins are added. The game has a return to player of 94.66%. FREE GAMES FEATURE During paid games, 3 or more triggers the Free Games Feature. is a scatter. The feature options are : 1. 10 free games with all wins multiplied by 5 except 2. 15 free games with all wins multiplied by 3 except 3. 20 free games with all wins multiplied by 2 except 4. awards in any combination of 20, 15 or 10 free games with multipliers of 5, 3 or 2. During the Free Games Feature , appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. appears on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 only during the Free Games Feature. Each appearing awards a random Money Bag Prize of 1, 2, 3, 5, 10, 25 or 50 multiplied by total bet, as displayed. Any 3 or more scattered will trigger an additional 10 free games with the same initial multiplier. Bet and lines played are the same as the game that triggered this Feature. MONEY BAGS FEATURE During paid games, appearing will trigger the MONEY BAGS FEATURE. Either 6, 7, 8 or 9 are randomly placed and are held in that position when entering to MONEY BAGS FEATURE. is a scatter. Initially 3 free spins are awarded. If one or more additional symbol appears, those symbols are also held in position and the number of free spins remaining is reset to 3. Paytable prizes are not awarded during the MONEY BAGS FEATURE. Each appearing awards a random Money Bag Prize of 1, 2, 3, 5, 10, 25 ,50, 100 or 250 multiplied by total bet OR Major Bonus OR Minor Bonus, as displayed. The MONEY BAGS FEATURE is completed when either no free spins remain or a Grand Bonus is awarded. Money Bag Prizes are awarded at the end of the MONEY BAGS FEATURE. Bet and lines played are the same as the game that triggered this Feature. GRAND BONUS The Grand Bonus is awarded when 15 are collected during the MONEY BAGS FEATURE. Last modification date: 2/23/2021