Golden Phoenix Rings of Fortune RULES All available bet options are multiplied by static multiplier '30'. During paid games and HOLD N SPIN feature , and are scatters. HOLD N SPIN feature is triggered by 6 scatters. Scatters from paid game will be carried over to HOLD N SPIN feature. substitutes for all symbols except Scatters. only appears on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. and are coin symbols. which lands inside becomes . can appear on top of any other symbols. Coin symbols always appear on screen with a random Prize of 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 12, 15, 20 or 25 multiplied by 20 times of the bet value, OR MAXI or MINI, as displayed. Total bet played during the HOLD N SPIN feature is the same as the game that triggered the HOLD N SPIN feature. Scatters pay in any position, if applicable. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels, except scatters and Bonuses. All wins on lit lines only except scatters and Bonuses. Highest win only on each line except scatters and Bonuses. Highest win awarded only on each scatter combination, if applicable. All Wins are added. The game has a theoretical return to player of 96.08%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. HOLD N SPIN During paid games, HOLD N SPIN feature is triggered by 6 scatters. Initially, 3 free spins are awarded in the HOLD N SPIN feature. Scatters that triggered the HOLD N SPIN feature are held in the same position. Coin symbols always appear on screen with a random Prize of 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 12, 15, 20 or 25 multiplied by 20 times of the bet value, OR MAXI or MINI, as displayed. Any additional scatter lands in each spin resets the free spin to 3. which lands inside becomes . can appear on top of any other symbols. Any existing or newly added scatter symbols will be held in its position until the end of HOLD N SPIN feature. Prizes on coin symbols are awarded at the end of HOLD N SPIN feature. At the end of HOLD N SPIN feature, feature is triggered by 6 coins within . coins symbol within will be carried over to feature and initiated as coins. Total bet played during the feature is the same as the game that triggered the feature. No line win is awarded during HOLD N SPIN feature. GRAND prize is awarded when 15 / symbols are collected in HOLD N SPIN feature. Initially, 3 free spins are awarded in the feature. During feature , and are scatters. , and only appear during feature and can appear on top of any other symbols. Coin symbols always appear on screen with a random Prize of 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 12, 15, 20 or 25 multiplied by 20 times of the bet value, OR MAXI or MINI, as displayed. Any additional scatter lands in each spin resets the free spin to 3. which lands inside , or becomes . does not appear during feature. Any existing or newly added scatter will be held until the end of feature. When appears , the prize as displayed will be awarded at the end of feature. When appears inside a , the prize as displayed will be multiplied by 2 and awarded at the end of feature. When appears inside a , the prize as displayed will be multiplied by 3 and awarded at the end of feature. When appears inside a , the prize as displayed will be multiplied by 5 and awarded at the end of feature. No line win is awarded during feature. GRAND prize is awarded when 15 / symbols are collected in feature. Last modification date: 3/4/2026