Kyoto Warrior HOW TO PLAY LINES: If available, Increase or decrease the number of 'LINES' by clicking on the '+ / ▲' or '- / ▼' button. The 'TOTAL BET' is the 'BET' multiplied by the number of 'LINES'. SPIN / PLAY: Click on '▶ / 🔄' or press spacebar to start the game. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines will be paid according to the paytable. STOP: Once play is initiated the '▶ / 🔄 ' button becomes a '⏹' stop button. Click this button or press space bar to stop reels from spinning. The '⏹' button has no effect on the game outcome. AUTO: Click on the '🔁 / ⏩ / ➕' button and use the '+ / ▲' or '- / ▼' button to select the number of games to auto play. Number of auto play games remaining is displayed. During auto play, the '▶ / 🔄' button becomes a '⏹' button. Select this button to stop auto play once the current spin is complete. MAXIMUM BET: If available Click on the 'MAX' button to set the maximum bet. GAME HISTORY: This can be viewed by clicking on the 'clock / 🕓' button. RESULT: Any wins are indicated by the highlighted lines and symbols animating wherever applicable. Wins are shown in the message box. The game rules are identical in both real play and demo play modes. The player is responsible for checking the correct bet has been registered before commencing play. Malfunction Voids all Pays and Plays. GAME RULES substitutes for all symbols except During paid games, appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. is a scatter and only appears during paid games. Scatters pay in any position. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels, except scatters. All wins on lit lines only except scatters. Highest win only on each line except scatters. Highest win awarded only on each scatter combination, if applicable. All Wins are added. The game has a return to player of 95.90%. 10 free games are triggered by any 3 or more scattered . During the , appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. is a scatter and appears on reels 1 and 5 and during the only. During the , the Free Games Feature paytable is applied. Bet and line played are the same as the game that triggered this Feature. When the appears on reel 1 and 5, 3 Spins are awarded. appear during the only and always on reel 3 and substitutes for all symbols. During the , appears on reels 2, 4 and 5 only. During the first spin, appears on reel 3. During the second spin, appears on reel 3. During the third spin, appears on reel 3. When , or substitutes in a winning combination, the prize for that win is multiplied by 2, 3 or 5 respectively. During the , the Lucky Castle Games paytable is applied. After the , the game returns to the remaining free games of the , if applicable. cannot appear during the and the . Bet and line played are the same as the game that triggered this feature Last modification date: 7/26/2023