Fiesta De Musica HOW TO PLAY LINES: If available, Increase or decrease the number of 'LINES' by clicking on the '+ / ▲' or '- / ▼' button. The 'TOTAL BET' is the 'BET' multiplied by the number of 'LINES'. SPIN / PLAY: Click on '▶ / 🔄' or press spacebar to start the game. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines will be paid according to the paytable. STOP: Once play is initiated the '▶ / 🔄 ' button becomes a '⏹' stop button. Click this button or press space bar to stop reels from spinning. The '⏹' button has no effect on the game outcome. AUTO: Click on the '🔁 / ⏩ / ➕' button and use the '+ / ▲' or '- / ▼' button to select the number of games to auto play. Number of auto play games remaining is displayed. During auto play, the '▶ / 🔄' button becomes a '⏹' button. Select this button to stop auto play once the current spin is complete. MAXIMUM BET: If available Click on the 'MAX' button to set the maximum bet. GAME HISTORY: This can be viewed by clicking on the 'clock / 🕓' button. RESULT: Any wins are indicated by the highlighted lines and symbols animating wherever applicable. Wins are shown in the message box. The game rules are identical in both real play and demo play modes. The player is responsible for checking the correct bet has been registered before commencing play. Malfunction Voids all Pays and Plays. Game rules All bets initiate 432 ways play. are scatters. Scatters pay in any position. substitutes for all symbols except substitutes for all symbols except substitutes for all symbols except substitutes for all symbols except appears only on reel 2 during paid games appears only on reel 4 during paid games and reel 2 during FREE GAMES FEATURE appears only on reel 4 during FREE GAMES FEATURE appears only on reel 2 and reel 4 during the FIESTA FEATURE appear in paid games only. Each winning combination with only one substituting is multiplied by 2. Each winning combination with only one substituting is multiplied by 3. Each winning combination with only one substituting is multiplied by 5. Each winning combination with only one substituting is multiplied by 8. Each winning combination with a substituting and is multiplied by 6. Each winning combination with a substituting and is multiplied by 15. Each winning combination with two substituting is multiplied by 64. appears on all reels during paid games and the FREE GAMES FEATURE appears on all reels except reel 3 during the FIESTA FEATURE appears on all reels except reel 3 during the FIESTA FEATURE All wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels, except scatters. Each winning combination uses only one symbol position per reel. Highest win awarded only per winning combination. Highest win awarded only on each scatter combination. Scatter wins are added to total wins. Wins on each winning combination are added. All wins shown at current selected bet. On a single spin if both the BONUS PICK and the FREE GAMES FEATURE Feature are triggered, the BONUS PICK will be played first. On a single spin if both the BONUS PICK and the FIESTA FEATURE are triggered, the BONUS PICK will be played first. The game has a return to player of 95.965%.