Xtension Cash-Snow Kingdom HOW TO PLAY LINES: If available, Increase or decrease the number of 'LINES' by clicking on the button. The TOTAL BET is the 'BET multiplied by the number of 'LINES'. SPIN/PLAY: Click on or press spacebar to start the game. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines will be paid according to the paytable. STOP: Once play is initiated the button becomes a stop button. Click this button or press space bar to stop reels from spinning. The button has no effect on the game outcome. AUTO: Click on the button and use the button to select the number of games to auto play. Number of auto play games remaining is displayed. During auto play, the button becomes a button. Select this button to stop auto play once the current spin is complete. MAXIMUM BET: If available Click on the "MAX' button to set the maximum bet. GAME HISTORY: This can be viewed by clicking on the 'clock / ' button. RESULT: Any wins are indicated by the highlighted lines and symbols animating wherever applicable. Wins are shown in the message box. The game rules are identical in both real play and demo play modes. The player is responsible for checking the correct bet has been registered before commencing play. Malfunction Voids all Pays and Plays. GAME RULES substitutes for all symbols except , , , , and , and appear during the paid games and only. , , , , and are scatters. , , , , and symbols always appear on screen with a random Prize of 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 10, 15, 20, 50 and 100 multiplied by total bet as displayed. The reel area which is not covered by curtain is the active area. During paid games, each entire symbol ( excluded) in the active area of the reels opens and activates 1 row of symbols for the current spin. The maximum possible number of activated rows is 8. Each opened, active row of the reels increases the number of win lines. Initial number of win lines are 25. Each entire symbol in the active area can increase the number of win lines by 15. The maximum possible number of win lines is 100. Total bet played during the Feature is the same as the game that triggered the Feature. Scatters pay in any position. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels, except scatters and Bonuses. All wins on lit lines only except scatters and Bonuses. Highest win only on each line except scatters and Bonuses. Highest win awarded only on each scatter combination, if applicable. All Wins are added. The game has a return to player of 93.96%. SNOW KINGDOM FEATURE During paid games, 10 free games are triggered by any 3 or more scattered During the SNOW KINGDOM FEATURE, 3 or more award 10 additional free games. substitutes for all symbols except , , , , , and , , , , , and are scatters. During the SNOW KINGDOM FEATURE, each entire symbol ( excluded) in the active area or inactive area of the reels opens and activates 1 row of symbols for the current spin. The maximum possible number of activated rows is 8. Each opened, active row of the reels increases the number of win lines. Initial number of win lines are 25. Each entire symbol in the active area or inactive area can increase the number of win lines by 15. The maximum possible number of win lines is 100. GOLDEN SPINS , , , and are Ball symbols. All Positions are turned into individual spinning reels. During the paid games or SNOW KINGDOM FEATURE, 6 or more Ball symbols in the active area of the reels initiate the GOLDEN SPINS feature with up to 40 reels on 8 rows. Initial number of the active rows during GOLDEN SPINS feature depends on the number of the triggering Ball symbols. - 6 or 7 Ball symbols will activate the bottom 3 rows. - 8 to 11 Ball symbols will activate the bottom 4 rows. - 12 to 14 Ball symbols will activate the bottom 5 rows. Spin the reels and collect Ball symbols in the active area to unlock up to 5 additional rows. The number of collected Ball symbols required in the active area to unlock the next row is shown to the left of the respective row. The initial number of spins in the GOLDEN SPINS feature is 5. All Ball symbols with prizes are held on the reels till the GOLDEN SPINS feature ends both in the active and inactive area of the reels. The following modifiers can appear during GOLDEN SPINS feature only, activated in the active area in the following order: - turns itself and up to 8 adjacent symbols in the active and inactive areas into Ball symbols, upgrades all prizes to the next level (maximum of 6 upgrades per spin or until maximum prizes is reached), Bonuses are paid for the following number of collected symbols in the active area with markers: - Collect 3 to trigger the GRAND bonus. - Collect 2 to trigger the MAJOR bonus. - Collect 1 to trigger the MINOR bonus. - Collect 1 to trigger the MINI bonus. Only the values on active Ball symbols are paid. Paytable prizes are not awarded during the GOLDEN SPINS feature. The feature is completed when there is no free spin left or when Ball symbols have landed on all 40 reels. All prizes on Ball symbols count towards a win evaluation during the GOLDEN SPINS feature only. Reel strips during the feature games and paid games are different Last modification date: 1/2/2025