Sugar Frenzy Cherry Wheel HOW TO PLAY LINES: If available, Increase or decrease the number of 'LINES' by clicking on the '+ / ▲' or '- / ▼' button. The 'TOTAL BET' is the 'BET' multiplied by the number of 'LINES'. SPIN / PLAY: Click on '▶ / 🔄' or press spacebar to start the game. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines will be paid according to the paytable. STOP: Once play is initiated the '▶ / 🔄 ' button becomes a '⏹' stop button. Click this button or press space bar to stop reels from spinning. The '⏹' button has no effect on the game outcome. AUTO: Click on the '🔁 / ⏩ / ➕' button and use the '+ / ▲' or '- / ▼' button to select the number of games to auto play. Number of auto play games remaining is displayed. During auto play, the '▶ / 🔄' button becomes a '⏹' button. Select this button to stop auto play once the current spin is complete. MAXIMUM BET: If available Click on the 'MAX' button to set the maximum bet. GAME HISTORY: This can be viewed by clicking on the 'clock / 🕓' button. RESULT: Any wins are indicated by the highlighted lines and symbols animating wherever applicable. Wins are shown in the message box. The player is responsible for checking the correct bet has been registered before commencing play. Malfunction Voids all Pays and Plays. Game Rules During paid games, substitutes for all symbols except is a scatter. During paid games, appears on reel 1, reel 3 and reel 5 only. Scatters pay in any position. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels, except scatters and Bonuses. All wins on lit lines only except scatters and Bonuses. Highest win only on each line except scatters and Bonuses. Highest win awarded only on each scatter combination, if applicable. All Wins are added The game has a return to player of 94.00%. is triggered by any 3 scattered. Initially 8 free games are awarded. During free games, are scatters. At the end of the , 1 spin of the wheel is guaranteed. 1, 2, 3, 5 or 8 additional free games, or Can be triggered from Wheel. Bet and lines played are the same as the game that triggered the free games. If the wheel stops on a segment other than the additional free games are awarded and and played. If the wheel stops on segment, a new bonus wheel will appear displaying the 4 Bonus Prizes, which includes . The will spin 1 time and the player is awarded one of the four Bonus Prizes displayed. At the end of the spin, the player will return to the base games. Regardless of the wheels' visual appearances, not all wheel segments are equally probable. Bet and lines played are the same as the game that triggered the additional free games. The Feature paytable applied during the additional free games. appears during game only and appears during additional free games only. These symbols have no payouts. and and all other paid games symbols do not appear during the free games. Similarly, the symbols which appear during the free games do not appear in paid games. Last modification date: 8/6/2024