Rise of the Tiger HOW TO PLAY LINES: If available, Increase or decrease the number of 'LINES' by clicking on the '+ / ▲' or '- / ▼' button. The 'TOTAL BET' is the 'BET' multiplied by the number of 'LINES'. SPIN / PLAY: Click on '▶ / 🔄' or press spacebar to start the game. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines will be paid according to the paytable. STOP: Once play is initiated the '▶ / 🔄 ' button becomes a '⏹' stop button. Click this button or press space bar to stop reels from spinning. The '⏹' button has no effect on the game outcome. AUTO: Click on the '🔁 / ⏩ / ➕' button and use the '+ / ▲' or '- / ▼' button to select the number of games to auto play. Number of auto play games remaining is displayed. During auto play, the '▶ / 🔄' button becomes a '⏹' button. Select this button to stop auto play once the current spin is complete. MAXIMUM BET: If available Click on the 'MAX' button to set the maximum bet. GAME HISTORY: This can be viewed by clicking on the 'clock / 🕓' button. RESULT: Any wins are indicated by the highlighted lines and symbols animating wherever applicable. Wins are shown in the message box. The game rules are identical in both real play and demo play modes. The player is responsible for checking the correct bet has been registered before commencing play. Malfunction Voids all Pays and Plays. Game Rules substitutes for all symbols except Scatters. Substitute symbol appears on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. and are scatters. symbol always appears on screen with a random Prize of 1, 2, 3, 5, 10, 25, 50, 100 or 250 multiplied by total bet OR with MAJOR,MINOR or MINI as displayed. 6 or more symbol win all STICK N SPIN FEATURE Prizes appearing on them. Scatters pay in any position. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels, except scatters and Bonuses. All wins on lit lines only except scatters and Bonuses. Highest win only on each line except scatters and Bonuses. Highest win awarded only on each scatter combination, if applicable. All Wins are added. The game has a return to player of 96.09%. Malfunction voids all pays and play. STICK N SPIN FEATURE During paid games, 6 or more symbol triggers the STICK N SPIN FEATURE . Initially 3 free spins are awarded. The symbols that triggered the STICK N SPIN FEATURE are held in position. If one or more additional symbol appears, those symbols are also held in position and the number of free spins remaining is reset to 3. Paytable prizes are not awarded during the STICK N SPIN FEATURE . The STICK N SPIN FEATURE is completed when either no free spins remain or a Grand Bonus is awarded. Bet and lines played are the same as the game that triggered this Feature. Grand Bonus The Grand Bonus is awarded when 15 are collected. Last modification date: 6/28/2023