Last Dragon HOW TO PLAY LINES: If available, Increase or decrease the number of 'LINES' by clicking on the '+ / ▲ ' or '- / ▼ ' button. The 'TOTAL BET' is the 'BET' multiplied by the number of 'LINES'. SPIN / PLAY: Click on '▶ / 🔄' or press spacebar to start the game. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines will be paid according to the paytable. STOP: Once play is initiated the '▶ / 🔄 ' button becomes a '⏹' stop button. Click this button or press space bar to stop reels from spinning. The '⏹' button has no effect on the game outcome. AUTO: Click on the '🔁 / ⏩ / ➕' button and use the '+ / ▲' or '- / ▼' button to select the number of games to auto play. Number of auto play games remaining is displayed. During auto play, the '▶ / 🔄' button becomes a '⏹' button. Select this button to stop auto play once the current spin is complete. MAXIMUM BET: If available Click on the 'MAX' button to set the maximum bet. GAME HISTORY: This can be viewed by clicking on the 'clock / 🕓' button. RESULT: Any wins are indicated by the highlighted lines and symbols animating wherever applicable. Wins are shown in the message box. The game rules are identical in both real play and demo play modes. The player is responsible for checking the correct bet has been registered before commencing play. Malfunction Voids all Pays and Plays. Game Rules and are scatters. substitute for all symbols except scatters. During paid games, symbol appears on reel 3,4 and 5 only. symbol always appears on screen with a random Prize of 1, 2, 3, 5, 10, 20, 50 or 100 multiplied by total bet OR with Bonuses as displayed during the paid games and only. Scatters pay in any position. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels, except scatters and Bonuses. All wins on lit lines only except scatters and Bonuses. Highest win only on each line except scatters and Bonuses. Highest win awarded only on each scatter combination, if applicable. All Wins are added. The game has a return to player of 96.43%. During paid games or 6 or more triggers the Whenever is triggered, 3 rings appear and randomly position themselves on top of any 3 on screen as displayed. Initially 6 free spins are awarded in the During each spin, 3 rings may move randomly and position themselves at new locations on screen. symbol always appears on screen with a random Prize of 1, 2, 3, 5, 50, 100, 150 or 200 multiplied by total bet OR with as displayed. When a appears inside the ring, the prize as displayed is awarded. When a appears inside the ring, an additional 1, 2 or 3 free spins are awarded respectively. When a appears inside the ring, the prize as displayed is awarded. When a appears inside the ring, an additional 1, 2 or 3 free spins are awarded respectively. Total bet played during the Feature is same as the game that triggered the Feature BONUS PRIZES The Bonus prizes are awarded when with appears inside a ring. Last Dragon Feature During paid games, 6 or more triggers the , pays the same win amount as displays in the paytable. The number of free games awarded at the beginning or during retrigger of the is equal to the number of symbols that triggered the feature. symbol appears on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. appears on reel 3 only. substitutes for all symbols except Scatters. When participates in a line win, the winning amount is multiplied by corresponding multiplier display on the symbol. 6 or more 4 re-triggers the appears in all positions on reel 5 only. Total bet played during the Feature is same as the game that triggered the Feature Last modification date: 3/20/2024