Mustang Money 2 HOW TO PLAY The 'TOTAL BET' is the 'BET' multiplied by the number of 'LINES'. GAME HISTORY: This can be viewed by clicking on the 'clock' button. RESULT: Any wins are indicated by the highlighted lines and symbols animating wherever applicable. Wins are shown in the message box. The game rules are identical in both real play and demo play modes. The player is responsible for checking the correct bet has been registered before commencing play. Malfunction Voids all Pays and Plays. Game Rules 'Horse' substitutes for all symbols during paid games. 'Horse' appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. 'Horse' is a scatter. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels, except scatters. Scatters pay in any position. All wins on lit lines only except scatters. Highest win only on each line. Scatter wins are added to line wins. Wins on different lines are added. The game has a return to player of 94.07%. FREE GAMES FEATURE 10 free games are triggered by 3 scattered 'Horse'. During the Free Games Feature, a new symbol 'Mustang Money' appears on reels 1 and 5 only and pays as scatter. During the Free Games Feature, 'Horse' substitutes for all symbols except 'Mustang Money'. During the Free Games Feature, 5 additional free games can be triggered by 3 scattered 'Horse'. During the Free Games Feature, 2 of a kind scattered 'Mustang Money' pays 1 multiplied by the total credits bet. Mustang Money Feature During the Free Games Feature if scattered 'Mustang Money' appears on reels 1 and 5, the Mustang Money Feature is triggered. During the Mustang Money Feature, reels 1 and 5 are held with 'Horse' in all positions and the other reels are respun once to award the prize. During the Mustang Money Feature, 'Horse' substitutes for all symbols except 'Mustang Money'. 'Horse' does not pay as scatter during the Mustang Money Feature. 'Mustang Money' does not appear and pay during the Mustang Money Feature. Free Games Feature cannot be triggered again during the Mustang Money Feature. Bet and lines played during the Free Games Feature and the Mustang Money Feature are the same as the game that triggered the Free Games Feature. Reel strips during the Free Games Feature, the Mustang Money Feature and paid games are different. Last modification date: 1/12/2021