San Fa Panda HOW TO PLAY SPIN / PLAY: Click on '▶ / 🔄' or press spacebar to start the game. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines will be paid according to the paytable. STOP: Once play is initiated the '▶ / 🔄 ' button becomes a '⏹' stop button. Click this button or press space bar to stop reels from spinning. The '⏹' button has no effect on the game outcome. AUTO: Click on the '🔁 / ⏩ / ➕' button and use the '+ / ▲' or '- / ▼' button to select the number of games to auto play. Number of auto play games remaining is displayed. During auto play, the '▶ / 🔄' button becomes a '⏹' button. Select this button to stop auto play once the current spin is complete. MAXIMUM BET: If available Click on the 'MAX' button to set the maximum bet. GAME HISTORY: This can be viewed by clicking on the 'clock / 🕓' button. RESULT: Any wins are indicated by the highlighted lines and symbols animating wherever applicable. Wins are shown in the message box. The player is responsible for checking the correct bet has been registered before commencing play. Malfunction Voids all Pays and Plays. GAME RULES All bets initiate 50 lines play Any combination of 1 or more may randomly trigger 8 Free Games appeals on reel 1 only appeals on reel 3 only appeals only reel 5 only Reel Sties during , and are different to one another and to reel strips during the paid games appeals on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 only for all games which are NOT associated with are not available in the base game will be only available for those free games which are associated with Whenever are awarded to the player, the extra game is always played based on current feature Coins are scatters Scatters pay in any position All wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels, except scatters Highest win awarded only on each scatter combination All wins on lit lines only except scatters and Bonuz prizes Highest win only on each line Scatter wins and Bonus Prizes are added to line wins Wins on different lines are added All wins shown at current selected bet All wins are added Bet and Lines played during any of the free games feature are the same as the game that triggered the feature Last modification date: 8/20/2024