Zhong Kui HOW TO PLAY LINES: If available, Increase or decrease the number of 'LINES' by clicking on the button. The TOTAL BET is the 'BET multiplied by the number of 'LINES'. SPIN/PLAY: Click on or press spacebar to start the game. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines will be paid according to the paytable. STOP: Once play is initiated the button becomes a stop button. Click this button or press space bar to stop reels from spinning. The button has no effect on the game outcome. AUTO: Click on the button and use the button to select the number of games to auto play. Number of auto play games remaining is displayed. During auto play, the button becomes a button. Select this button to stop auto play once the current spin is complete. MAXIMUM BET: If available Click on the "MAX' button to set the maximum bet. GAME HISTORY: This can be viewed by clicking on the 'clock / ' button. RESULT: Any wins are indicated by the highlighted lines and symbols animating wherever applicable. Wins are shown in the message box. The game rules are identical in both real play and demo play modes. The player is responsible for checking the correct bet has been registered before commencing play. Malfunction Voids all Pays and Plays. LORE is regarded as the god of exorcism and guardianship. He ensures that people are protected from and other supernatural phenomena. He is famous for his bravery and tenacity, ensuring that people's lives are harmonious and safe. He judges good and evil fairly and strictly. appear through portals between the spirit dimension and the scroll world . is the only god who can enter these two worlds. PAID GAMES The and are scatter symbols and appear during paid games only. Occasionally, a very powerful may force entry into the town on either reel 1,2,3 or 4. appears on reel 5 only. If appears alongside he will banish the back to the realm he came from. This small feature occurs during paid games only and the palace will reward you with a bounty of as displayed. Scatters pay in any position. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels, except scatters and Bonuses. All wins on lit lines only except scatters and Bonuses. Highest win only on each line except scatters and Bonuses. Highest win awarded only on each scatter combination, if applicable. All Wins are added. The game has a return to player of 95.00%. During paid games, if three or more portal symbols appear, a portal is opened to the spiritual realm referred to as the which awards 8 free spins and where there is plenty of bounty for to collect as per his contract from the palace. During the , at end of each free spin, may bless 1 or more reels from the set of reel 2, reel 3, reel 4 or reel 5, randomly to convert into a powerful talisman which imbues the reel with good fortune by converting the reel into a stack of wilds. substitutes for all symbols and will only appear during the Bet and lines played are the same as the game that triggered the Last modification date: 8/20/2024