Enchanted Eyes HOW TO PLAY The 'TOTAL BET' is the 'BET' multiplied by the number of 'LINES'. GAME HISTORY: This can be viewed by clicking on the 'clock' button. RESULT: Any wins are indicated by the highlighted lines and symbols animating wherever applicable. Wins are shown in the message box. The game rules are identical in both real play and demo play modes. The player is responsible for checking the correct bet has been registered before commencing play. Malfunction Voids all Pays and Plays. Game Rules 'Princess' substitutes for all symbols except scatters and 'Bonus'. 'Princess' appears on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 during paid games only. 'Pyramid' is a scatter and appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 during paid games. 'Pyramid' appears during paid games, Big Hit Feature and Extra Bonus Big Hit Feature only. 6 or more scatter award a prize multiplied by 2 times the total bet. The game has a return to player of 94.31%. Scatters pay in any position. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels, except scatters and Bonuses. All wins on lit lines only except scatters and Bonuses. Highest win only on each line except scatters and Bonuses. All Wins are added. BONUS PRIZES 'Bonus' appears during paid games only. 'Bonus' appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 only with any symbol. Any 3 'Bonus' randomly triggers either Major, Minor or Mini Bonus. The chance of 'Bonus' appearing is proportional to the total bet. Big Hit Feature During paid games, any 6 or more scatters trigger the Big Hit Feature. 3 free respins are awarded. Each scatter that triggered the Big Hit Feature will award either 1 or 2 free games that will be accumulated to the Free Games meter. The scatters that triggered the Big Hit Feature are held in position. If 1 or more additional scatter appears, those scatters are held and the number of respins remaining is reset to 3. Paytable prizes are not awarded during the Big Hit Feature. Each scatter appearing awards a random Prize of 1, 2, 3, 5, 10, 25 or 50 multiplied by total bet as displayed, except for the scatters that triggered the Big Hit Feature. The random Prize as displayed will be awarded and added to the Win meter. The Big Hit Feature is completed when either no respin remains or the Grand prize is won. The accumulated Free Games and random Prizes are awarded at the end of the Big Hit Feature. The Free Games Feature commences with the Free Games accumulated at the start of the Big Hit Feature. Big Hit Feature can be triggered during paid games only. Extra Bonus Big Hit Feature During paid games, the Extra Bonus Big Hit Feature may be triggered randomly except when Big Hit feature or Grand prize triggered. 3 free respins are awarded and a big scatter will appear over reels 2, 3 and 4. The big scatter counts as 9 scatters towards the Grand prize. When the Extra Bonus Big Hit Feature is triggered, it will award a prize of 2 multiplied by the total bet. The big scatter will randomly reveal 9 to 18 free games that will be accumulated to the Free Games meter. If one or more additional scatter appears, those scatters are held and the number of respins remaining is reset to 3. Paytable prizes are not awarded during the Extra Bonus Big Hit Feature. Each scatter appearing awards a random Prize of 1, 2, 3, 5, 10, 25 or 50 multiplied by total bet as displayed, except for the big scatter symbol. The random Prize as displayed will be awarded and added to the Win meter. The Extra Bonus Big Hit Feature is completed when either no respin remains or the Grand prize is won. The accumulated Free Games and random Prizes are awarded at the end of the Extra Bonus Big Hit Feature. The Free Games Feature commences with the Free Games accumulated at the start of the Extra Bonus Big Hit Feature. Extra Bonus Big Hit Feature can be triggered during paid games only. FREE GAMES FEATURE 'Princess' and 'Princess Bonus' appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. 'Princess' substitutes for all symbols except 'Princess Bonus'. 'Princess Bonus' substitutes for all symbols. Any 8 or 9 'Princess Bonus' awards Major Bonus. Any 6 or 7 'Princess Bonus' awards Minor Bonus. Any 4 or 5 'Princess Bonus' awards Mini Bonus. The chance of 'Princess Bonus' appearing is proportional to the total bet. During this Feature, the corresponding Feature Paytable is applied. Bet and lines played are the same as the game that triggered this Feature. Grand Prize The Grand prize is awarded when 15 scatters are collected during the Big Hit Feature or the Extra Bonus Big Hit Feature. The Grand prize can also be awarded randomly on any paid game when the Big Hit Feature or the Extra Bonus Big Hit Feature is not triggered. The Grand prize cannot be triggered during the Free Games Feature. Last modification date: 11/19/2020