Kanga Cash Extra HOW TO PLAY The 'TOTAL BET' is the 'BET' multiplied by the number of 'LINES'. GAME HISTORY: This can be viewed by clicking on the 'clock' button. RESULT: Any wins are indicated by the highlighted lines and symbols animating wherever applicable. Wins are shown in the message box. The game rules are identical in both real play and demo play modes. The player is responsible for checking the correct bet has been registered before commencing play. Malfunction Voids all Pays and Plays. Game Rules 'Wild' substitutes for all symbols except scatters. 'Wild' appears on reels 3, 4 and 5 only. 'Sunset' appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 only during paid games. 'Sunset', 'Major' and 'Minor' are scatters. 'Minor' and 'Major' appear with 'Sunset' only. 'Minor' and 'Major' appear during the Kanga Cash Extra Feature only. 'Boomerang' always appears on screen with a random prize of 5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 50, 100 or 200 multiplied by bet per line as displayed during paid games and Kanga Cash Extra Feature only A line with 3 or more 'Boomerang' left to right wins the prizes displayed on those 'Boomerang'. Scatters pay in any position. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels, except scatters and Bonuses. All wins on lit lines only except scatters and Bonuses. Highest win only on each line except scatters and Bonuses. All Wins are added. The game has a return to player of 96.13%. KANGA CASH EXTRA FEATURE A set of 5 free games is awarded for each playing line with 3, 4 or 5 'Boomerang' left to right. Each set of 5 free games has a repeat win prize associated with it which is equal to the line win amount that awarded the set of free games. The free games remaining meter displays the number of games for the current set of 5 free games. The sets of free games are displayed in order by their associated repeat win prize with the current set highlighted. Each 'Sunset' that appears during the 5 free games of each set awards the associated repeat win prize. During the Kanga Cash Extra Feature, the Kanga Cash Extra Feature paytable is applied. Bet and lines played are the same as the game that triggered this Feature. The Kanga Cash Extra Feature can be triggered again during the Kanga Cash Extra Feature. SPIN AND HOLD FEATURE During paid games, any 6 or more 'Sunset' triggers the Spin and Hold Feature. 3 free respins are awarded. The 'Sunset' that triggered the Spin and Hold Feature are held in position. If 1 or more additional 'Sunset' appears, those 'Sunset's are held and the number of respins remaining is reset to 3. Paytable prizes are not awarded during the Spin and Hold Feature. The Spin and Hold Feature is completed when either no respin remains or the Grand prize is won. At the end of the Spin and Hold Feature, a prize will be awarded depending on the number of 'Sunset' that have been collected. 6 to 7 'Sunset' awards 5x the total bet as displayed. 8 to 9 'Sunset' awards 10x the total bet as displayed. 10 to 11 'Sunset' awards 15x the total bet as displayed. 12 to 13 'Sunset' awards 25x the total bet as displayed. 14 'Sunset' awards 40x the total bet as displayed. 15 'Sunset' awards the Grand Bonus. 'Minor' and 'Major' appear with 'Sunset' only. BONUS PRIZES 'Minor' and 'Major' appear during the Kanga Cash Extra Feature only. Minor Bonus is won whenever 'Minor' appears. Major Bonus is won whenever 'Major' appears. GRAND BONUS PRIZE The Grand Bonus is awarded when 15 'Sunset's are collected during the Spin and Hold Feature. The Grand Bonus can also be awarded randomly on any paid game when the Spin and Hold Feature is not triggered. The Grand Bonus cannot be triggered during the Kanga Cash Extra Feature. Last modification date: 10/5/2020