Ben Hur HOW TO PLAY LINES: If available, Increase or decrease the number of 'LINES' by clicking on the '+ / ▲' or '- / ▼' button. The 'TOTAL BET' is the 'BET' multiplied by the number of 'LINES'. SPIN / PLAY: Click on '▶ / 🔄' or press spacebar to start the game. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines will be paid according to the paytable. STOP: Once play is initiated the '▶ / 🔄 ' button becomes a '⏹' stop button. Click this button or press space bar to stop reels from spinning. The '⏹' button has no effect on the game outcome. AUTO: Click on the '🔁 / ⏩ / ➕' button and use the '+ / ▲' or '- / ▼' button to select the number of games to auto play. Number of auto play games remaining is displayed. During auto play, the '▶ / 🔄' button becomes a '⏹' button. Select this button to stop auto play once the current spin is complete. MAXIMUM BET: If available Click on the 'MAX' button to set the maximum bet. GAME HISTORY: This can be viewed by clicking on the 'clock / 🕓' button. RESULT: Any wins are indicated by the highlighted lines and symbols animating wherever applicable. Wins are shown in the message box. The game rules are identical in both real play and demo play modes. The player is responsible for checking the correct bet has been registered before commencing play. Malfunction Voids all Pays and Plays. Game Rules substitutes for all symbols except and is a scatter and appears on all reels during paid games only. is a scatter and appears on all reels during the free games feature. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels, except scatters Scatters pay in any position. All wins on lit lines only except scatters. Highest win only on each line, except scatters. Scatter wins and line wins are added. default Wins on different lines are added. Highest win awarded only on each scatter combination, if applicable. The game has a return to player of 96.34%. BATTLE FEATURE During paid games, 3 or more triggers the BATTLE FEATURE Choose your feature from 1 of 6 options by pressing the corresponding symbol. The feature options are Feature : 14 Free Spins. Stacked symbols on all reels. Feature : 13 Free Spins. Stacked symbols on all reels. Feature : 12 Free Spins. Stacked symbols on all reels. Feature : 11 Free Spins. Stacked symbols on all reels.5. Feature : 10 Free Spins. Stacked symbols on all reels. Feature. If the Feature is selected, the player is awarded randomly one of the listed features: Feature" will randomly award 19,14 or 9 Free Spins as displayed. Feature" will randomly award 18,13 or 8 Free Spins as displayed. Feature" will randomly award 17,12 or 7 Free Spins as displayed. Feature" will randomly award 16,11 or 6 Free Spins as displayed. Feature" will randomly award 15,10 or 5 Free Spins as displayed. appears during any feature it will award a mystery bonus prize. The maximum bonus prize awarded from is 100 times the BET and the minimum bonus prize awarded from is 4 times the BET Any appearing during the Free Games Feature will award an additional 1 free game. Any appearing during the Free Games Feature will award an additional 2 free games. Any appearing during the Free Games Feature will award an additional 3 free games. , and are scatters and appears during the Free Games Feature. Reel strips during the Free Games Feature are different to reel strips during paid games. Bet and lines played are the same as the game that triggered the Free Games Feature. Last modification date: 7/5/2022