Mustang Money RR HOW TO PLAY The 'TOTAL BET' is the 'BET' multiplied by the number of 'LINES'. GAME HISTORY: This can be viewed by clicking on the 'clock' button. RESULT: Any wins are indicated by the highlighted lines and symbols animating wherever applicable. Wins are shown in the message box. The game rules are identical in both real play and demo play modes. The player is responsible for checking the correct bet has been registered before commencing play. Malfunction Voids all Pays and Plays. RULES 'Horse' substitutes for all symbols except scatters and 'Coin'. 'Horse' appears on reels 3, 4 and 5 during paid games only. 'Coin' substitutes for all symbols except scatters and 'Horse'. 'Coin' appears on reels 2 and 4 during the Free Games Feature only. 'Mustang Money' is a scatter. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels, except scatters. Scatters pay in any position. All wins on lit lines only except scatters. Highest win only on each line. Scatter wins and line wins are added. Wins on different lines are added. The game has a return to player of 96.08%. FREE GAMES FEATURE 10 free games are triggered by any 3 or more scattered 'Mustang Money'. During the Free Games Feature, 'Horse' appears on reel 3 only. During the Free Games Feature, when 'Coin' on reel 2 substitutes in a winning combination, the prize is randomly multiplied by x1 or x2 as displayed. During the Free Games Feature, when 'Coin' on reel 4 substitutes in a winning combination, the prize is randomly multiplied by x1 or x5 as displayed. If one or more 'Coin' substitutes in a win, the prize for that win is multiplied by every multiplier as displayed on each 'Coin' symbol. During the Free Games Feature, any 3 or more scattered 'Mustang Money' will trigger an additional 5 free games. During the Free Games Feature, the Feature paytable is applied. Bet and lines played are the same as the game that triggered the Free Games Feature. Reel strips during the Free Games Feature are different to reel strips during paid games. Raging Roosters Reloaded The Raging Roosters Reloaded Feature is triggered when Raging Roosters symbol appear on fifth reel of any paid game. The player selects 1 of 5 available fighting cocks. The selected fighting cock will oppose up to 4 other cocks in five BOUTS. The player is awarded 5 chances to knock out as many of the 4 opposing cocks as possible. If all 4 opposing cocks are defeated using the first 4 chances, then the 5th chance is not required. After each bout win, a new opponent will appear for the following bout. The number of successful bout wins will determine the bonus prize awarded. Only the highest paying Bonus prize is awarded per Raging Roosters Reloaded Feature. Last modification date: 1/5/2021