Trojan Treasure Game rules 'Horse' substitutes for all symbols except scatters. 'Horse' appears on reels 3, 4 and 5 only. 'Treasure Chest' is a scatter. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels, except scatters. Scatters pay in any position. All wins on lit lines only except scatters. Highest win only on each line. Scatter wins and line wins are added. Wins on different lines are added. The game has a return to player of 94.16%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Free Games Feature 8 free games are triggered by any 3 or more scattered 'Trojan Treasure'. During the Free Games Feature, 'Horse' appears on reels 3 and 5 only and substitutes for all symbols except scatters and 'Multiplier Horse'. During the Free Games Feature, if 'Horse' appears on reel 3 it will be held in that position until the completion of the Free Games Feature. During the Free Games Feature, a new symbol 'Multiplier Horse' appears on reels 2 and 4 only and substitutes for all symbols except scatters and 'Horse'. 'Multiplier Horse' can also randomly reveal a multiplier of x2 on reel 2, or x2 or x3 on reel 4, as displayed. During the Free Games Feature, wherever 'Multiplier Horse' appears on reels 2 or 4 it is held in that position until the completion of the Free Games Feature. If one or more 'Multiplier Horse' substitutes in a win, the prize for that win is multiplied by every multiplier as displayed on each 'Multiplier Horse' symbol. During the Free Games Feature, 5 additional free games are triggered by any 3 or more scattered 'Trojan Treasure'. During the Free Games Feature, up to 15 scattered 'Trojan Treasure' can be awarded. During the Free Games Feature, 6 or more scattered 'Trojan Treasure' pays the same as 5 scattered 'Trojan Treasure'. During the Free Games Feature, the Feature paytable is applied. Bet and lines played are the same as the game that triggered the Free Games Feature. Reel strips during the Free Games Feature are different to reel strips during paid games. Last modification date: 6/17/2020