Roma Invicta HOW TO PLAY LINES: If available, Increase or decrease the number of ‘LINES’ by clicking on the button. The TOTAL BET is the ‘BET multiplied by the number of 'LINES'. SPIN / PLAY: Click on or press spacebar to start the game. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines will be paid according to the paytable. STOP: Once play is initiated the button becomes a stop button. Click this button or press space bar to stop reels from spinning. The button has no effect on the game outcome. AUTO: Click on the button and use the button to select the number of games to auto play. Number of auto play games remaining is displayed. During auto play, the button becomes a button. Select this button to stop auto play once the current spin is complete. MAXIMUM BET: If available Click on the 'MAX' button to set the maximum bet. GAME HISTORY: This can be viewed by clicking on the button. RESULT: Any wins are indicated by the highlighted lines and symbols animating wherever applicable. Wins are shown in the message box. The game rules are identical in both real play and demo play modes. The player is responsible for checking the correct bet has been registered before commencing play. Malfunction Voids all Pays and Plays. For real slot machine experience, play the game in PORTRAIT MODE GAME RULES is a scatter. substitutes for all symbols except . appears on reels 2,3 and 4 during paid games only. Scatters pay in any position. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels, except scatters. All wins on lit lines only except scatters. Highest win only on each line except scatters. Highest win awarded only on each scatter combination, if applicable. All Wins are added. The game has a return to player of 96.08%. FREE GAMES FEATURE During paid games, any 3 or more scattered trigger the EMPEROR'S CHOICE. Select 1 of the 3 to randomly reveal a multiplier. When one of the is selected, the player is randomly awarded with a multiplier and 10 free games. If x2 is revealed, any win with 1 or more substituting will be multiplied by 2. If x4 is revealed, any win with 1 or more substituting will be multiplied by 4. If x8 is revealed, any win with 1 or more substituting will be multiplied by 8. appears on reels 2,3,4 and 5 during the free games feature. whichever awarded always appears on and on reels 2,3,4 and 5 during the free games feature only. During the free games feature, any 2 or more scattered award 5 additional free games with the same multiplier Total bet played during the free games feature is same as the game that triggered the free games feature. Last modification date: 9/8/2023