Vegas Fiesta Grand HOW TO PLAY LINES: If available, Increase or decrease the number of 'LINES' by clicking on the '+ / ▲' or '- / ▼' button. The 'TOTAL BET' is the 'BET' multiplied by the number of 'LINES'. SPIN / PLAY: Click on '▶ / 🔄' or press spacebar to start the game. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines will be paid according to the paytable. STOP: Once play is initiated the '▶ / 🔄 ' button becomes a '⏹' stop button. Click this button or press space bar to stop reels from spinning. The '⏹' button has no effect on the game outcome. AUTO: Click on the '🔁 / ⏩ / ➕' button and use the '+ / ▲' or '- / ▼' button to select the number of games to auto play. Number of auto play games remaining is displayed. During auto play, the '▶ / 🔄' button becomes a '⏹' button. Select this button to stop auto play once the current spin is complete. MAXIMUM BET: If available Click on the 'MAX' button to set the maximum bet. GAME HISTORY: This can be viewed by clicking on the 'clock / 🕓' button. RESULT: Any wins are indicated by the highlighted lines and symbols animating wherever applicable. Wins are shown in the message box. The game rules are identical in both real play and demo play modes. The player is responsible for checking the correct bet has been registered before commencing play. Malfunction Voids all Pays and Plays. Game Rules substitutes for all symbols except Scatters. is a scatter. Total bet is the same as the game that triggered the Players Paradise Feature. Scatters pay in any position. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels, except scatters and Bonuses. All wins on lit lines only except scatters and Bonuses. Highest win only on each line except scatters and Bonuses. Highest win awarded only on each scatter combination, if applicable. All Wins are added. The game has a return to player of 96.28%. Players Paradise Feature The Bet and number of lines are the same as the game that triggered the Players Paradise Feature. During paid games, 3 or more triggers the Players Paradise Feature. and are scatters and appear during Players Paradise Feature only. that trigger feature in paid game would be held in their position as until the completion of the feature. All positions are turned into individual spinning reels. On each spin, and are exclusive. Whenever appears, it will award random Mystery prize OR with MINI, MINOR or MAJOR. Whenever and/or appears, it is held in that position as until the completion of the feature. When one and/or more land on spinning reels, all held will reveal and award random Mystery prize OR with MINI or MAJOR. When lands, all the displayed prizes on the and/or will be doubled and awarded. Each and/or will award an additional free game. The Grand is awarded when , and/or appear on the screen during the Players Paradise Feature. Players Paradise Feature is terminated if the GRAND is awarded. The maximum Mystery prize awarded from or is 500 times the bet. The minimum Mystery prize awarded from or is 30 times the bet. GRAND, MAJOR,MINOR and MINI are Bonuses. Last modification date: 8/16/2022