Eagle Rider HOW TO PLAY LINES: If available, Increase or decrease the number of 'LINES' by clicking on the '+ / ▲' or '- / ▼' button. The 'TOTAL BET' is the 'BET' multiplied by the number of 'LINES'. SPIN / PLAY: Click on '▶ / 🔄' or press spacebar to start the game. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines will be paid according to the paytable. STOP: Once play is initiated the '▶ / 🔄 ' button becomes a '⏹' stop button. Click this button or press space bar to stop reels from spinning. The '⏹' button has no effect on the game outcome. AUTO: Click on the '🔁 / ⏩ / ➕' button and use the '+ / ▲' or '- / ▼' button to select the number of games to auto play. Number of auto play games remaining is displayed. During auto play, the '▶ / 🔄' button becomes a '⏹' button. Select this button to stop auto play once the current spin is complete. MAXIMUM BET: If available Click on the 'MAX' button to set the maximum bet. GAME HISTORY: This can be viewed by clicking on the 'clock / 🕓' button. RESULT: Any wins are indicated by the highlighted lines and symbols animating wherever applicable. Wins are shown in the message box. The game rules are identical in both real play and demo play modes. The player is responsible for checking the correct bet has been registered before commencing play. Malfunction Voids all Pays and Plays. Game Rules Substitutes all symbols except Substitute symbol appears on reels 3, 4 and 5. is a scatter Scatters pay in any position. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels, except scatters and Bonuses. All wins on lit lines only except scatters and Bonuses. Highest win only on each line except scatters and Bonuses. Highest win awarded only on each scatter combination, if applicable. All Wins are added. The game has a return to player of 95.92%. During paid games, 3 or more triggers the with the 4 free spins initiated with stage. Total bet is the same as the game that triggered the . , , or appears on screen during only and awards prizes shown on Symbol. , or appears on screen during only and no prize will will be awarded. symbol appears during the and stage only. symbol appears during the stage always with the random prize of 1, 2, 3 or 5 multiplied by total bet if appears on reel, the number of free spins remaining is reset to 4. symbol only appears during the stage. if appears on reel, the stage is activated and the number of free spins remaining is reset to 4. symbol appears during the stage always with random prize of 2, 3, 5 or 8 multiplied by total bet. symbol only appears during the stage stage in the last spin always with a random Prize of 1, 2, 3 20 multiplied by total bet. Last modification date: 10/25/2022