No Commission Baccarat The object of No Commission Baccarat is to predict if the Player or the Banker hand will get a point value closest to 9. All ten-value cards count as zero and Aces count as one. The hand with the highest point value wins. Unlike most Baccarat games, in this version there is no commission taken on winning Banker bets. The game pays out 1:1 unless the Banker bet win is on an 8 result, in which case it pays out 1:2 (E.g., for a bet of 2.00 you would win 1.00). The game is played using 8 decks of cards, re-shuffled after each round. A scorecard in the top left corner shows recent past outcomes. Details on table limits and payouts can be viewed by mousing over the table card. Betting 1. Click on the chip stack located in the bottom right corner of the screen to select the desired bet amount. For convenience, the value of the last chip clicked on the chip stack is held in memory (indicated with an arrow) and can be repeated without returning to the chip stack. Higher credit denominations: 1K=1000, 1M=1 000 000, 1B=1 000 000 000. 2. Click the Player , Banker , or Tie section of the table to place your initial bet ( Tie can be combined with either Banker or Player , but Player and Banker bets cannot be combined). To remove or change a bet, hold the shift key and left click the chip(s) in the Bet circle, or click Undo to remove bets one at a time. 3. Click on the Deal button to have the cards dealt. On subsequent hands, you can use the Same Bet button to repeat your last bet. This will also auto-deal the cards. Playing The Player's hand will be dealt two cards and the Banker's hand will be dealt two cards. Third cards are dealt according to the rules detailed below. Hand Values: The highest total any Baccarat hand can have is nine. A two-card total of nine is called a  natural  and cannot lose. An eight is the second-best hand and is also called a  natural . If both the Player and Banker are dealt hands of equal value, it's a push (tie) and neither the Banker nor the Player hand wins. Card Values: Ace = one point Face cards and tens = zero All other cards carry the point value stated on the card. If the cards in a hand total more than ten points, simply subtract ten; the remainder is the Baccarat point value of the hand. Examples: 7+Jack=7, Ace+8=9, and 7+8=15, which becomes 5 in Baccarat. Below, the Player has 7 (7 + 0) and the Banker has 0 (3 + 0 + 7=10 - 10). Third Card Rules The following Baccarat rule chart governs when the Player and/or the Banker will automatically draw a third card in the Baccarat game: If the point value of the first two cards is 8 or 9, this is called a Natural. If anyone is dealt a Natural the game ends and no third card is dealt to anyone. Player: Point value of the first two cards, and actions required: Point Value of First Two Cards:   0-1-2-3-4-5 Draws a third card 6-7 Stands 8-9 "Natural hand", no further draw Banker: If Player Draws? Point Value of the Banker's First Two Cards: Draws when the Player's third card is: Does not draw when the Player's third card is: 0-1-2 Always draws a card - 3 0-1-2-3-4-5-6-7-9 8 4 2-3-4-5-6-7 0-1-8-9 5 4-5-6-7 0-1-2-3-8-9 6 6-7 0-1-2-3-4-5-8-9 7 Always stands - 8-9 Player cannot draw Player cannot draw If Player Does Not Draw... Banker's Hand Banker Action 0 - 5 Draws a card 6 - 7 Stands Payouts Winning Wager Odds Payout Banker (non-8 hand) 1:1 Banker (8 hand) 1:2 Player 1:1 Tie* 8:1 *When a Tie bet is won, any bets that you placed on Player or Banker are returned. Malfunction Voids All Pays and Play Game Options Go to Main Menu - Options to bring up the following menu: Sound Effects: This turns the game sounds (such as the beeps when you click on the buttons) on and off. Dealer Voice: This will turn the messages such as  Player wins  on and off. Ambient Sound: This will turn on the sounds of a normal casino, such as people talking in the background. (These sounds are very quiet compared to the other sounds.) High Quality Graphics: You can uncheck this if you are experiencing slowdowns in play because of your computer's processing abilities. Note : Slowdowns in play can also be the result of Internet-related issues such as peak usage periods. Full Animations: You can uncheck this to have the cards move directly to their positions without showing the movement of the cards from the shoe to the table. Fit To Window: Check this to stretch the game to match the size of the window. Last modification date: 12/17/2018