An Evening with Holly Madison An Evening with Holly Madison is a 5 reel slot game with a Holly Goes Wild Feature, Re-spin Feature and Free Games Feature to boost your winnings. During regular play, the goal is to achieve a winning combination of symbols on any of the 25 lines. Payouts depend on the number of coins played and the winning combination of symbols achieved. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 95.08%. Game Rules 30 coins plays 25 lines Payouts are made according to the Paytable Payline wins are multiplied by the bet Scatter wins are multiplied by the bet Scatter wins are added to payline wins Highest win only on each selected payline Wins on different paylines are added All wins on selected paylines only except SCATTER All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on consecutive reels except SCATTER which pays any WILD appears on Reels 2,3 and 4 only and substitutes for all symbols except SCATTER Malfunction voids all pays and plays HOLLY GOES WILD FEATURE When WILD appears, the symbol(s) expand to cover all positions on that reel Wins are then calculated with the WILD substitution The Holly Goes Wild Feature will only occur if the expansion results in a winning combination. RE-SPIN FEATURE Re-spin Feature is awarded when 2 SCATTER only appear during any game Reels with SCATTER appearing are held and all other reels are re-spun once Re-spin Feature cannot be retriggered FREE GAMES FEATURE 10 Free Games are awarded when 3 or more SCATTER appear KISS appears on Reel 5 only during the free games Collect KISS, up to a maximum of 10, to enter the PHOTOSHOOT BONUS KISS cannot be collected during a re-spin feature. After the last free game Holly may award an extra BONUS KISS Each KISS collected awards a chance of a PHOTO/OUTFIT during the PHOTOSHOOT BONUS Each successful PHOTO/OUTFIT awards a REPEAT of YOUR FREE GAMES WIN! Free Games are played at the paylines and bet of the trigger game Free Games Feature can be retriggered Gamble Feature (if applicable) To gamble any win press GAMBLE then select RED/BLACK or a SUIT Win is DOUBLED (X2) if RED/BLACK choice is correct Win is QUADRUPLED (X4) if SUIT choice is correct Winnings may be gambled up to 5 times Progressive Jackpot Wins (if available) may not be gambled How to Play The Bet that you want to play can be adjusted through the (UP) and (DOWN) buttons alongside the respective options. The Max Bet button will automatically select the maximum bet. Spin: Spins the reels. Autoplay: Allows automatic consecutive normal game plays for a certain amount of spins. Options for spins range from 5 spins to 100 spins. Info: Access pay awards for winning symbol combinations. Also contains the rules for the game. The game displays all your details in the following display fields: Balance: Displays your total balance Bet: Displays the staked amount per line to be played. Win: Displays the amount won in the spin Total Bet: The total wager staked. Fast Forward: Skips the manual selection process and displays final result