The Zombies Games Rules: Zombie Dance Party Free Games Triggered by 3 or more symbols appearing anywhere on the reels 10 Free Games are awarded 2 additional free games are awarded each time 3 or more symbols appear during Free Games. Bonus feature can be triggered during Free Games. When triggered, the Bonus Feature is played at the end of the Free Games. All bonus wins are multiplied by the numbers of Parent/Bad Zombies combinations that appears during Free Games Example: 2 Parent/Bad Zombie combinations during Free Games= 2x bonus win. 3 Parent/ Bad Zombie combinations during Free Games= 3x bonus win. Win up to 4x bonus win. Bonus Trigger Bonus triggered when a Parent/Bad Zombie combination appear on connecting reels cells. All bonus wins are multiplied by the number of Parent/Zombie combination that appear on the triggering spin. Example: 2 Parent/Bad Zombie combinations during Free Games= 2x bonus win. 3 Parent/ Bad Zombie combinations during Free Games= 3x bonus win. Win up to 4x bonus win. Bonus Play Select weapon and use against Bad Zombie. You have 3 attempts. A losing attempt erase any previous winning result. Win amount at end at the Bonus Feature is multiplied as per examples above. In the event of no wins, a consolation is awarded of 9x your triggering bet amount. Rules All lines staked Malfunction voids all pays and plays Only the highest win on a pay line pays. SPIN begins the game with the current BET, all lines staked. Payouts are displayed on the PAYTABLE. Payouts are made according on the Paytable amounts for the Credits Per Line stake. The Won field displays winnings in credits. Choose to play either the “Power Game” side or the “Easy Game” side. You are awarded winning combinations on your chosen side only. If you choose the Left Spin button, you play on Power Game side win combinations pays from left to right. If you choose Right Spin Button, you play on Easy Game side, win combinations pays from right to left. BET amount can be changed by using the Up and Down arrows. Auto Spin In jurisdictions where this feature is available you can have your bet repeated for 5, 10, 20, 30, 50 spins. Click the Auto Spin button and select the number from the pop-up menu to start auto spins. Click on STOP to cancel Auto spin. Auto Spin is deactivated after a Big Win, Zombie Bonus or Dance Party feature and must be reactivated to continue using Auto Spin. Message Cycling Choose Easy game or Power game by clicking the right or left spin button. Last modification date: 5/15/2018