Medusa II Medusa II Medusa II is a 5 reel slot game with a Turned to stone stacked wilds, Medusa’s locked reels and Medusa’s locked reels free games to boost your winnings. During regular play, the goal is to achieve a winning combination of symbols on any of the 5 reels. Payouts depend on the number of coins played and the winning combination of symbols achieved. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 97.07%. Game Rules 25 coins plays 243 ways. Payouts are made according to the Paytable. All wins multiplied by the bet. Highest win paid per winning combination. Coinciding wins are added. Winning combinations can occur anywhere on all reels. Each symbol can be used only once per winning combination. Only positions containing the winning symbol are used in determining the win for that symbol, except in the case where a winning combination of WILDS occurs followed by a SCATTER on the next adjacent reel. In this case the winning combination of WILDS is paid. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right only on adjacent reels, except SCATTER which pay any WILD substitutes for all symbols except SCATTER. TURNED TO STONE STACKED WILDS During any Base Game a soldier may appear on a reel and reveal a stack of Wilds MEDUSA'S LOCKED REELS During any Base Game, any 2, 3, 4 or all 5 adjacent reels may lock and spin together to display the same symbols in adjacent positions MEDUSA'S LOCKED REELS FREE GAMES Any 3 or more SCATTER trigger 10 Free Games During each Free Game, any 2, 3, 4 or all 5 adjacent reels lock and spin together to display the same symbols in adjacent positions Free Games are played at the reels and bet of the trigger game Free Games can be retriggered with 5 free games awarded GAMBLE FEATURE (if applicable) To gamble any win press GAMBLE then select COLOUR or a SUIT Win is DOUBLED (X2) if COLOUR choice is correct Win is QUADRUPLED (X4) if SUIT choice is correct Winnings may be gambled up to 5 times Progressive Jackpot Wins (if available) may not be gambled How to Play The bet that you want to play can be adjusted through the (UP) and (DOWN) buttons alongside the respective options. The Max button Bet will automatically select the maximum for the respective field. Spin : Spins the reels. Autoplay : Allows automatic consecutive normal game plays for a certain amount of spins. Options for spins range from 5 spins to 100 spins. Info : Access pay awards for winning symbol combinations. Also contains the rules for the game. The game displays all your details in the following display fields: Balance : Displays your total balance Bet : Displays the staked amount to be played. Win : Displays the amount won in the spin Total Bet : The total wager staked. It consists of the Bet multiplied by 25. Malfunction voids all pays and plays Last modification date: 5/16/2018