Judge Dredd Judge Dredd is a 5 reel slot game with a SUPERBET™, Free Games Feature and Random Bonus to boost your winnings. During regular play, the goal is to achieve a winning combination of symbols on any of the 25 lines. Payouts depend on the number of coins played and the winning combination of symbols achieved. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 95.22% for No Superbet (25 coin), 95.33% for Superbet 10CR (35 Coin) and 95.62% for Superbet 25CR (50 coin). Game Rules Play 25 lines Payouts are made according to the Paytable Payline wins are multiplied by the bet Scatter wins are multiplied by the bet Scatter wins are added to payline wins Highest win only on each selected payline Wins on different paylines are added All wins occur on selected lines only except scattered BADGE All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on consecutive reels, except scattered BADGE which pays any JUDGE DREDD substitutes for all symbols except scattered BADGE A symbol may turn WILD on any game Malfunction voids all pays and plays SUPERBET™ SuperBet™ is an ADDITIONAL WAGER that can be adjusted with the control beside the Reels to provide the following enhancements: SuperBet™ RED (50 Coins): DREDD WILDS in Reels 1, 2, 3, 4 and 5 SuperBet™ ORANGE (35 Coins): DREDD WILDS in Reels 2, 3 and 4 SuperBet™ YELLOW (25 Coins): DREDD WILDS in Reel 3 only FREE GAMES FEATURE 10 Free Games are awarded when 3 or more BADGE appear During the Free Games JUDGE DREDD make WILDS appear more frequently All prizes are doubled during the Free Games Feature The Free Games Feature can be retriggered Free Games are played at the lines and bet of the trigger game Free Game wins are added to payline and scatter wins RANDOM BONUS The Random Bonus can be awarded after any paid game All prizes are awarded as displayed Gamble Feature (if applicable) To gamble any win press GAMBLE then select COLOUR or a SUIT Win is DOUBLED (X2) if COLOUR choice is correct Win is QUADRUPLED (X4) if SUIT choice is correct Winnings may be gambled up to 5 times Progressive Jackpot Wins (if available) may not be gambled How to Play The Bet that you want to play can be adjusted through the (UP) and (DOWN) buttons alongside the respective options. The Max Bet button will automatically select the maximum bet. Spin: Spins the reels. Autoplay: Allows automatic consecutive normal game plays for a certain amount of spins. Options for spins range from 5 spins to 100 spins. Info: Access pay awards for winning symbol combinations. Also contains the rules for the game. The game displays all your details in the following display fields: Balance: Displays your total balance Bet: Displays the staked amount per line to be played. Win: Displays the amount won in the spin Total Bet: The total wager staked. It consists of the Bet multiplied by the amount of lines being played.