Blackbeards Gold Blackbeard’s Gold GAME RULES Malfunction voids all pays and plays. All wins pay left to right. Only the highest win on a pay line pays The Won field displays winnings in credits. 243 ways to win Clicking SPIN or space bar repeats the last bet. Select Credits Per Spin (25,50,75,100,125) All symbols pay once in any position on the reel, except substituted wins which may pay multiple times. Paytable amounts initially displayed are based on current Credits Per Spin selected Bonus wins are added to wins displayed in the WON meter Bonus games may be retriggered during Bonus Game rounds. In this event, the bonus game will be queued. You will be redirected to the pick screen to determine new bonus awards at the conclusion of the current bonus. Free Games are played at the same Credits Per Spin Bet as the triggering game. WILD substitutes for all symbols except bonus triggers Galleon Feature Feature is triggered when the Revenge symbol appears anywhere on the 1st reel and the Galleon symbol appears anywhere on the 5th reel During Free Spins extra wild symbols (Chests) are added to reels 2,3,4 and 5 Prior to entering the Galleon Feature, you are taken to a pick field to select 1 of 5 chests to determine the number of free spins, multipliers and wilds The selected chest will reveal one of the following: 10 Free Spins, 2x multiplier, 1 Bonus Wild per Reel 10 Free Spins, 3x multiplier, 2 Bonus Wilds per Reel 15 Free Spins, 2x multiplier, 1 Bonus Wild per Reel 15 Free Spins, 3x multiplier, 2 Bonus Wilds per Reel 20 Free Spins, 2x multiplier, 1 Bonus Wild per Reel 20 Free Spins, 4x multiplier, 2 Bonus Wilds per Reel Feature can be retriggered – The number of features remaining is indicated by the number next to either “Image/Text” or “Image/Text” Free Spins are played at the same Credits Per Spin Bet as the triggering game Victory Feature Feature is triggered when the Revenge symbol appears anywhere on 1st reel and the Victory symbol appears anywhere on 5th reel During Free Spins, expanding wilds can randomly appear on reels 2,3,4 and/or 5 Prior to entering the Victory Feature, you are taken to a pick field to select 1 of 5 chests to determine the number of free spins and multipliers The selected chest will reveal one of the following combinations: 3, 4, 5, 7 or 10 Free Spins 1x,2x,3x,4x or 5x Multiplier Feature can be retriggered – The number of features remaining is indicated by the number next to either “Image/Text” or “Image/Text” Free Spins are played at the same Credits Per Spin Bet as the triggering game Auto Spin In jurisdictions where this feature is available, you can have your bet repeated for 5, 10, 20, 50 spins. Click the Auto Spin button and select the number from the pop-up menu to start autospins. Click on STOP to cancel Autospin. Autospin must be reactivated after a bonus. Autospin is deactivated after a bonus or feature.