Ladys Charms Games Rules Objective Lady's Charms is a 5-reel, 20-payline bonus slots game. It offers a scatter bonus feature and a free spin feature, plus a Wild card icon that substitutes for other icons to form winning combinations. The goal is to achieve a winning combination of objects along any of 20 paylines. A slot game with five reels is used. Regular Play This game has 20 paylines that pay from left to right. All winning patterns for regular play begin with an icon on the left-most reel, and continue left to right, along the payline. Note: The icons must be beside each other with no other icons in between them in order to win. start here ----> ----> ----> ----> You can view the different paylines, payouts and each winning combination by clicking the PAYS button. On wins, the winning payline will highlight and display the number of credits won. Only the highest winning combination is paid per line. These are the 20 paylines: How To Play Select Credit Value Use the < and > keys to adjust your credit value (the coin denomination being used). The Credits field shows your balance, converted into the credit value you have selected. For example, if your balance is 1000.00 and you select a credit value of 1.00 , the credit display will show 1000 credits (worth 1.00 each). With the same 1000.00 balance, if you select a credit value of 2.00 , the credit display will show 500 credits (worth 2.00 each). Higher credit denominations: 1K=1000, 1M=1 000 000, 1B=1 000 000 000. The Won field only displays main gaming payline winnings in credits. Place Bets BET 20 - Places a 1-credit bet on each of the 20 paylines each time it's clicked. BET MAX - Places a 10-credit bet on each of the 20 paylines and spins the reels. SPIN - Spins the reels. The details of your last bet are kept in memory, so you can just click this again to repeat your last bet. CLEAR - Removes all bets. Wild Card Icon A wild icon substitutes for all regular icons, except the Bonus or Scatter icons, in order to get a winning combination, as well as being a pay icon itself. This means that in addition to paying out on 2, 3, 4, or 5 Wild icons (from left to right), the Wild icon can also be used to complete the other combinations. In the case of multiple winning combinations on the same payline, only the highest winning combination is paid. When one or more Wild icons completes other combinations, it also doubles the usual payout for that combination. Scatter Bonus The game awards extra credits when 2 to 5 Scatter icons appear anywhere on the reel panel. Unlike other combinations, they do not have to start on a left-most reel or be on the same payline. 5 Scatter icons: 200 credits per coin bet awarded 4 Scatter icons: 15 credits per coin bet awarded 3 Scatter icons: 2 credits per coin bet awarded 2 Scatter icons: 1 credit per coin bet awarded For example, if you bet 10 coins per line on every line, for a total of 200 coins, and you got 4 Scatter icons, you would win 3000 coins (200 x 15). The Scatter is calculated instantly and displayed as a message like "Scatter 30 " in the main game interface. You don't have to do anything. Just keep playing as normal to remove the message. Free Spin Feature If you get between 3 and 5 Bonus icons anywhere on the reel panel, you win a free spin bonus. You can win between 4 and 7 free spins. Even better, any winnings during the free spins will be multiplied by a factor of between 3 and 6. The bonus round is in 2 steps. Step 1 - Pick 1 of 4 Charms to determine the number of free spins. Step 2 - Pick 1 of 4 leaves to determine paytable multiplier of free spins. Example: Let's say you pick a charm that awards 6 free spins, then you pick a leaf that multiplies the regular paytable payouts by 5. If you got a winning combination during one of the 6 free spins, the amount would be multiplied by 5. Note that the multiplier does not apply on progressive jackpot wins. (Your game may or may not have a progressive jackpot set up.) The free spins you get are the same as the spin that triggered the win. So if you played 1 coin, 1 line and triggered the bonus, all your free spins would be 1 coin, 1 line too. Click Continue to start your free spins. At the end of your free spins, your total non-jackpot free spin winnings are displayed in credits in a pop-up window. If you trigger another free spin bonus during free spin play, you are automatically awarded the same number of free spins and paytable multiplier as those you are currently playing. For example, if you won 6 spins at 3x paytable and on your 2nd free spin you triggered another free spin bonus, you would automatically get another 6 spins at 3x paytable. This eliminates the need to interrupt free spin play. During Free Spin play, the main game screen changes colour to indicate that Bonus Play is in progress. Progressive Jackpots This game may or may not be set up with a progressive jackpot (you will see a jackpot display ticker in the game if it is). You can win the jackpot by getting the winning combination of icons, and betting the maximum number of credits on the winning line. If you win the progressive jackpot, the amount you won in currency (i.e., not credits) will be displayed in a pop-up window. Only bets of the maximum credits per line contribute to the jackpot, as they are the only bets eligible to win. New jackpots are seeded from casino funds. The jackpot for this game is shared among different currencies that allows for the jackpot to grow at an accelerated rate for bigger jackpots. In order to facilitate this all qualifying contributions for the jackpot are converted into the base currency and then 1.5% of this converted amount is contributed to the jackpot. The winning player will win the jackpot amount in the currency that they are playing in. Simultaneous Jackpot Wins: It is possible, although extremely unlikely, that two players could simultaneously get a winning combination on their computers and then communicate the win to the game servers. Because of a slow or interrupted Internet connection, both computers could display to the player that they had won, but the jackpot would really only be awarded to the first player whose computer communicated the win to the game server first. Should this situation ever occur, the time on the game server will determine which player wins the main jackpot. The other player would then be awarded the reset amount of the jackpot. The jackpot managers are the final authority in the determination of jackpot wins. Terminating Jackpots In the event a jackpot must be discontinued, it will either be terminated after the next jackpot win, or all contributions will be diverted to another jackpot pool. Players will be informed via email of the exact ruling on the jackpot. Note that jackpots normally run indefinitely, and terminations are only rarely necessary. Auto Spin: You can have your bet repeated from 1-99 spins. Use the > and < signs to set the number of repeats, or type in a number. Instead of using the main Spin button, click on Auto Spin to spin the reels and your bet will be repeated by the number you selected. Note: If you don't see this feature, the operator of this site has chosen to disable it. Malfunction voids all pays and play. Game Options Go to Main Menu - Options to bring up the following menu: Graphic Quality: You can change this to Low if you are experiencing slowdowns in play because of your computer's processing abilities. Note : Slowdowns in play can also be the result of Internet-related issues such as peak usage periods. Sound FX: This turns the game sounds (such as the beeps when you click on the buttons) on and off. Load Ambient Sound: This will turn on the sounds of a normal casino, such as people talking in the background. (These sounds are very quiet compared to the other sounds.) Last modification date: 1/31/2017