Casinomeister Casinomeister is a 5 reel slot game with a Casinomeister feature to boost your winnings. During regular play, the goal is to achieve a winning combination of symbols on any of the 5 reels. Payouts depend on the number of coins played and the winning combination of symbols achieved. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 95.210%. Game Rules Play 1 to 20 lines Payouts are made according to the Paytable Payline wins are multiplied by the amount staked per payline Scatter wins are multiplied by the total amount staked Scatter wins are added to payline wins Highest win only on each selected payline Coinciding wins on different paylines are added All wins occur on selected lines except scattered VORTRAN All symbols pay Left to Right except scattered VORTRAN which pay any CARICATURE substitutes for all symbols except ROGUE, BEHIND BARS and scattered VORTRAN The prize is DOUBLED when CARICATURE substitutes in a winning combination CASINOMEISTER FEATURE The Casinomeister Feature is awarded when 3 or more scattered VORTRAN appear Free Games commence with all prizes TRIPLED When the ROGUE symbol appears, the player has 5 Free Games remaining Free Games are re-triggered if the BEHIND BARS symbol appears during the last 5 Free Games The Casinomeister Feature ends when the BEHIND BARS symbol does not appear Free Games are played at the lines and bet of the trigger game GAMBLE FEATURE (IF APPLICABLE) To gamble any win press GAMBLE then select COLOUR or a SUIT Win is DOUBLED (X2) if COLOUR choice is correct Win is QUADRUPLED (X4) if SUIT choice is correct Winnings may be gambled up to 5 times Jackpot Wins (if available) may not be gambled How to Play The lines and bet that you want to play can be adjusted through the (UP) and (DOWN) buttons alongside the respective options. The Max button for lines or Bet will automatically select the maximum for the respective field. Spin: Spins the reels. Autoplay: Allows automatic consecutive normal game plays for a certain amount of spins. Options for spins range from 5 spins to 100 spins. Info: Access pay awards for winning symbol combinations. Also contains the rules for the game. Lines: Displays the amount of line(s) to be played. The game displays all your details in the following display fields: Balance: Displays your total balance Bet: Displays the staked amount to be played. Win: Displays the amount won in the spin Total Bet: The total wager staked. It consists of the Bet multiplied by the amount of lines being played. Malfunction voids all pays and plays Last modification date: 3/7/2017