Vampires vs Werewolves The goal is to achieve a winning combination of objects in the middle row of the game's reels. Regular Play Malfunction Voids All Pays and Play Pays left to right on consecutive reels All winning patterns for regular play begin with an icon on the left-most reel, and continue left to right, along the payline. Only the highest win on a pay line pays Note: The icons must be beside each other with no other icons in between them in order to win. You can view the different paylines, payouts and each winning combination by clicking the PAYS button. On wins, the winning payline will highlight and display the number of credits won. How To Play Select Credit Value Use the up and down arrows to adjust your credit value (the coin denomination being used). The CREDITS field shows your balance, converted into the credit value you have selected. For example, if your balance is 100.00 and you select a credit value of 0.05, the credit display will show 2000 credits (worth 0.05 each). Higher credit denominations: 1K=1000, 1M=1 000 000, 1B=1 000 000 000. The Won field displays winnings in credits. Place Bets The buttons marked 1 - 5 will place a bet of 1 to 5 credits on each of the 20 paylines for a bet of between 20 and 100 credits per spin. All bets are on all 20 lines. Click SPIN to spin the reels. You can also use the space bar on your keyboard to spin the reels. The details of your last bet are kept in memory, so clicking SPIN or hitting the space bar will repeat your last bet. Wild Card Icon This Wild icon substitutes for all regular icons except the Scatter or Bonus icons in order to get a winning combination. It is also a pay icon itself. This means that in addition to paying out on 2, 3, 4 or 5 Wild icons (from left to right), the Wild icon can also be used to complete the other combinations. Scatter Bonus This icon only located and appearing anywhere on 1st reel and this icon only located and appearing anywhere on 5th reel pays a random payout. There are some icons on reels 2, 3, 4 that have this symbol on them: When the Scatter bonus is triggered, any icons with this extra symbol will also reveal a payout. You can win between 50 and 2,200 if you are betting 1 credit per line. If you bet the max of 5 credits on each line, your possible winnings would be 5 times as high, between 250 and 11,000. Scatter wins (if available) are added to payline wins displayed in the WON meter. Bonus Game This icon only located and appearing anywhere on reels 2, 3 and 4 triggers the bonus feature. The game changes to a board game. Select to be either the Vampire or Werewolf player piece. Click ROLL to roll the die one move at a time, or AUTOPLAY to have the game play out automatically. You win any credits you land on. If you land on the 2X square, all winnings up to that point are doubled. Future winnings are not affected. If you land on the life saver square (either garlic or a gun with silver bullets), it will save you if you land on an enemy (stopper) square later in the game. You can only use it once. The game ends when you reach the end or land on an enemy square without a life saver. You keep all credits collected Your winnings are multiplied by the number of credits bet per line You can win between 75 and 2,375 if you are betting 1 credit per line. If you bet the max of 5 credits on each line, your possible winnings would be 5 times as high, between 375 and 11,875. Auto Spin: In jurisdictions where this feature is available, you can have your bet repeated for 5, 10, 20, 50 or 100 spins. Click the Auto Spin button and select the number from the pop-up menu, then click Start. Click on STOP to cancel Autospin. Autospin must be reactivated after a bonus. Game Options Go to Main Menu - Options to bring up the following menu: Sound Effects: This turns the game sounds (such as the beeps when you click on the buttons) on and off. Dealer Voice: This option is not functional for this game. Ambient Sound: This option is not functional for this game. High Quality Graphics: You can uncheck this if you are experiencing slowdowns in play because of your computer's processing abilities. Full Animations: You can uncheck this to have the reels just appear in the final position without showing the spinning animations if your computer is having performance problems. Fit To Window: Check this to stretch the game to match the size of the window. Note: Slowdowns in play can also be the result of Internet-related issues such as peak usage periods. Malfunction voids all pays and plays Last modification date: 11/28/2017