Amazon Wild Game Objective: Amazon Wild is a five-reel, 100-payline slot game. The game features a wild symbol and Amazon Map Bonus game. The Amazon Map Bonus game feature is triggered when 3 or more scatter symbols appear anywhere in view. Wild symbol substitutes for all other symbols except Scatter symbol. When wild symbol appears on the first (top) and last (bottom) positions of at the same time on reel 1 only and/or reel 3 only, then it expands in the entire reel and payoffs in the game will be given accordingly after expansion. top Game Information: Bet on 100 lines. top How to play: Setting 'STAKE': When you enter the game, a default bet of $0.10 per line is set for all 100 lines, resulting in a total bet of $10. The stake per line is displayed in the “STAKE” meter which is located at the bottom right of the game screen below the reels. You can choose to increase or decrease the bet per line by using the Stake Up and Stake Down buttons available below the ticker area. If your game balance is less than $10, the system will automatically adjust the bet to the next highest possible amount. The number of lines is multiplied by the stake per line and the total stake amount is displayed in the 'TOTAL STAKE' meter, which is located at the bottom right of the game screen below the ‘STAKE’ meter. 'PAYTABLE': Game rules can be viewed by clicking on the 'PAYTABLE’' button at bottom left of the game screen. You can go back to the game by clicking on the 'BACK TO REELS' button available on 'PAYTABLE' screen. The 'PAYTABLE' can be viewed by clicking on the 'NEXT' button available on the right side of the ‘PAYTABLE’ screen. To calculate the payout amount, multiply the respective prize with the bet per line. PLAY: After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines, and/or any scatter wins, will be paid according to the pay table. Result: Any wins are indicated by their paylines highlighted and symbols animating, or in case of scatter wins, scatter symbols are animated. The total win amount is shown in the ‘TOTAL WIN’ meter displayed at the top right side above the reels. The number of lines which are having payouts are displayed in the WIN meter. Repeat Bet/Change Bet: If you have already bet, the settings selected will be automatically carried over to the subsequent spin if there is sufficient amount. Simply click on 'PLAY' to play with the same bet again. To change bet, player can use STAKE DOWN and STAKE UP buttons as explained above. Balance: Your remaining game balance, after you have placed the desired bet, is shown in 'BALANCE' meter. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed in the 'BALANCE' meter and the 'TOTAL STAKE' meter. 'AUTOPLAY': You can make use of this feature to choose the available number of spins options for 'hands free' game play. Options available under this feature are: 10 spins: The game will automatically spin for 10 spins if 10 SPINS button is clicked. 25 spins: The game will automatically spin for 25 spins if 25 SPINS button is clicked. 100 spins: The game will automatically spin for 100 spins if 100 SPINS button is clicked. 250 spins: The game will automatically spin for 250 spins if 250 SPINS button is clicked. 500 spins: The game will automatically spin for 500 spins if 500 SPINS button is clicked. To make use of the auto spin feature, click on the 'AUTO PLAY ' button at the bottom of the game screen positioned to the left of the PLAY button. When the autoplay dialog opens, click on the option you'd like to select. The ‘AUTO PLAY ON’ button would be displayed (replacing AUTO PLAY button). Click on 'PLAY' to start the spins. You can deactivate 'AUTO PLAY' by clicking on the 'STOP AUTO PLAY' button displayed below the ticker area at the center of the game screen. If spin is in progress, 'AUTO PLAY' will be stopped after completing the current spin. Otherwise 'AUTO PLAY' is stopped immediately. Please note: The 'AUTO PLAY’ option is not available in play money mode. Click on 'GAME LOGS' to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on ‘GAME RULES’ to view the detailed rules of the game as web page. Click on 'REBUY' to buy more credits into the game from your bwin account. Click on 'EXIT GAME' to leave the game and return to the Lobby. Click on 'QUICK DEPOSIT' button to deposit money into your bwin account. The game rules are identical in both real money and play money modes. top Game Rules: Play 100 lines. Lines cannot be changed. BET amount can be changed by using the STAKE UP and STAKE DOWN buttons. PLAY begins the game with the currently selected BET and all 100 LINES. Payouts are displayed on the PAYTABLE. Payline wins are multiplied by the amount bet per line. Highest win amount is paid on each selected payline. Coinciding wins on different highlighted lines are all added to your total. All wins occur on paylines, except for Scatter symbol which pay anywhere in view. All symbols pay from left to right only except Scatter symbol which pay anywhere in view. Wild symbol substitutes for all other symbols except Scatter symbol. The Amazon Map Bonus feature is triggered when 3 or more scatter symbol appears anywhere in view. Wild symbol appears on all reels. Wild works only in conjunction with other symbols, except Scatter symbol. When Wild symbol appears on the first (top) and last (bottom) positions of at the same time on reel 1 only and/or reel 3 only the wild symbol expands in the entire reel and the payoffs in that spin are given after the expansion. Malfunctions Voids all Pays and Plays. top Amazon Map Bonus Feature: The feature is triggered when 3 or more scatter symbols appear anywhere in view. Feature Game: A Map is shown on the screen in which you have Ruins existing at different places within the Map. When you get 3 scatters on the reels you get three chances to select the ruins. When you get 4 Scatters on the reels you get four chances to select the ruins. When you get 5 Scatters on the reels you get five chances to select the ruins. Once the Ruin is selected win amount will be awarded for the selected ruin. Feature prizes are awarded based on random multipliers which multiplied by the total bet. Scatters Max multiplier awarded in feature Min multiplier awarded in feature 3 scatters 22 4 4 scatters 60 25 5 scatters 2,000 500 When all the chances are completed consolidated win amount is displayed after the feature completion. The Map is removed on the screen and the game will be shown in normal mode again. top Paytable: Click on PAYTABLE button in the main game screen, game will navigate to Paytable screen. In PAYTABLE screen, select Next button then game will navigate to the next Paytable screen. top Paylines: The theoretical return to player of this game is 94.50%. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete the game for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game Logs' button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected after triggering or in the middle of the feature, on reconnection, the software will automatically start the feature round, if not already started, or resume from where it was disconnected. After completing the feature, you can resume playing the same game, or you can select another game of your choice. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team. top Last modification date: 1/31/2017