American Roulette Pro American roulette pro is played with a wheel containing 38 numbered slots (1 to 36, plus a 0 and a 00), a ball and a layout on which the player may place a bet (or bets) covering either a single number or groups of numbers. The ball is spun around the wheel, and will come to rest in one of the numbered slots, indicating the winning number. The player wins by correctly guessing which number will win, and is paid in accordance with the paytable given below, based on how many chips he or she has covering all or part of the winning number. top Information The betting limits are shown on the game screen title bar. This maximum is a table limit. The game rules and payouts are identical in both the real money and play money versions. top How to play After selecting the chip, place your bets by clicking on the desired betting spots on the table. You may place as many bets as you like, within the posted maximum table limit. To remove a chip from the table, right-click on it. Your available game balance is shown at the bottom left-hand side of the game screen. The total bet amount placed by you on different betting spots is shown in the 'Total bet' box found at the top of the screen. Once you have finished placing your chips spin the wheel by clicking on the 'spin' button. When the ball comes to rest, a marker is placed on the winning number, and all losing bets are removed. A close-up shot of the spinning wheel and the ball can be seen at the top right of the game screen. The win amount is calculated as per the paytable given below, and your winnings are shown in dollars and/or cents under 'Last win'. This win amount is added to the game balance. The numbers for the last 10 games are shown on the screen at the top right-hand corner, with the most recent outcome at the top of the list. While the black outcomes are displayed on the right, the red outcomes are displayed on the left. A winning '0' or '00' is displayed at the centre. After the game finishes, the default chip size for the new game remains the same as the previous one. You can choose to clear all the chips on the table by clicking on 'Clear', and then place your new bets. To repeat the same bet, click on 'Rebet' and then on the 'Spin' button. Your game balance shows the amount of funds you have left available to play with. See below for more detail on rebuys. The default bet for the next game is the same as the amount bet in the previous one. You can choose to increase or decrease your bet as you wish. If your game balance falls below the amount of the last bet placed, the system will prompt you to either choose a lower bet level or click on 'Rebuy' to add more funds to the table. Click on the 'Rules' button on the bottom left of the game screen to view the game rules. Click on the 'Gamelogs' button to view the logs of the games you have played. Click on 'Version' to view the current version number of the game. Click on 'Rebuy' to buy in more credits to the game balance from your account. To exit the game, click on 'Exit game'. top Paytable Inside Bets Bet Description Pay out Straight bet A bet placed directly on any single number. 35 to 1 Split bet A bet placed between any two adjacent numbers by placing the chip on the line between the two numbers. And the bet placed on 0 and 00 are also considered split bets. 17 to 1 Street bet A bet placed at the end of any row of numbers, covering three numbers. Bets placed on '0, 1, 2', '0, 2, 3' are also considered to be street bets. 11 to 1 Corner bet or square bet A bet placed on the corner where any four numbers meet, covering all four numbers. 8 to 1 Five ways bet A bet placed between the adjacent streets of 'zero' and '1'. This bet covers five numbers: 0,00,1, 2,and 3. 6 to 1 Line bet A bet placed at the end of two streets, on the line between them, covering all the numbers in either street, giving a total of six numbers bet on. 5 to 1 Outside Bets Bet Description Pay out Dozen bet A bet placed in one of the boxes marked 1st 12, 2nd 12 or 3rd 12, each covering twelve numbers. 2 to 1 Column bet A bet placed in one of the boxes marked 2 to 1 at the bottom of the layout, each covering 12 numbers per column. 2 to 1 Adjacent dozen bet A bet placed on the line between any two adjacent boxes marked 1st 12, 2nd 12, or 3rd 12, covering 12 numbers of each. 0.5 to 1 Adjacent column bet A bet placed on the line between any two columns marked 2 to 1 at the bottom of the layout, covering 12 numbers of each. 0.5 to 1 Red/black, even/odd, 1-18/19-36 A bet placed in one of the four boxes at the sides of the layout covers half of the numbers on the board, as described in that box. The 0 and 00 are not covered by any of theses boxes. Each box covers 18 numbers. 1 to 1 Red/black, even/odd, 1-18/19-36, and if the ball falls in the '0' or '00' slot. A bet placed in one of the four boxes at the sides of the layout covers half of the numbers on the board, as described in that box. The 0 and 00 are not covered by any of theses boxes. Each box covers 18 numbers. Half the bet is returned The theoretical return to player of this game is 92.11%. top I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Gamelogs' button once you have logged back in. You can also find out the result from your account balance. If you are disconnected in the middle of the feature round, you will be prompted to complete it after logging back in. After completing the feature round, you can resume playing the same base game, or you can select another game of your choice. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. top Last modification date: 8/23/2023