Wild Ameri'coins Extra Bonus Wild Feature The Extra Bonus Wilds Feature can be triggered randomly on any bought game and during the Free Games Feature. A random number of are placed randomly on the reel window. A Multi-Wild may be placed randomly on the reel window in one symbol position. appearing on the reel window awards additional in positions where added from the Extra Bonus Wilds Feature and did not appear. and becomes . The total number of on the reel window ranges from 1 to 15. Wins are paid once only after all have been placed on the reel window. Scattered and occurring beneath may contribute towards a scatter prize as indicated by alternating display of these symbols. Free Games Feature can be triggered during the Extra Bonus Wilds Feature Multiplier Feature can be triggered during the Extra Bonus Wilds Feature. Extra Bonus Wilds Feature cannot be triggered again during the Extra Bonus Wilds Feature. TOTAL BET is the same as the game that triggered the Extra Bonus Wilds Feature FREE GAMES FEATURE A win of 5, 4 or 3 scattered awards 20, 10 or 7 free games respectively. If substitutes in a win the total number of free games triggered is multiplied by 2, 3 or 5. Extra Bonus Wilds Feature can be triggered during the Free Games Feature Multiplier Feature can be triggered during the Free Games Feature. Free Games Feature can be triggered again during the Free Games Feature. TOTAL BET is the same as the game that triggered the Free Games Feature. Press the PLAY button or touch the FREE GAMES WON! banner to start the Free Games Feature The free games will start automatically after 2 minutes. MULTIPLIER FEATURE The Multiplier Feature can be triggered randomly on any bought game, during the Extra Bonus Wilds Feature and during the Free Games Feature All wins are multiplied by 2, 3, 5, 10 or 20. Extra Bonus Wilds Feature can be triggered during the Multiplier Feature Free Games Feature can be triggered during the Multiplier Feature Multiplier Feature cannot be triggered again during the Multiplier Feature TOTAL BET is the same as the game that triggered the Multiplier Feature GAME RULES All wins shown in credits. Choose your TOTAL BET. 30 lines are played for line cost of 60 credits. Minimum bet 60 credits. TOTAL BET is the line cost multiplied by the bet multiplier. Select to choose your or BET TOTAL BET. The PLAY button will immediately commence play. While the reels are spinning you may press the PLAY button to stop them except during Extra Bonus Wilds Feature and Multiplier Feature Touch CREDIT, TOTAL BET or WIN meter to show in currency or credits. All wins on played lines only except scatters. Wins on different lines are added. Highest win only on each line. Scatter wins are added to line wins. Line wins multiplied by the bet multiplier. Scatter wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier and the number of lines played. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Last modification date: 11/1/2023