African Dusk Mr Cashman Game Features Mr. Cashman Bonus Mr. Cashman will randomly appear at the end of a game to give you one of 5 bonus features. Random Spin: Mr. Cashman randomly spins one or more reels then all the wins are paid as per the pay table and multiplied by x3, x5 or x10. Choose a Feature: Touch the money bag to win up to 1,000 credits multiplied by the bet multiplier on the game that started Mr. Cashman, OR touch the gift box to win 20, 15, 10 or 5 free games during which all prizes will be multiplied by x2, x3 or x3. Random Bonus: Watch Mr. Cashman give you a bonus prize of up to 50,000 credits multiplied by the bet multiplier on the game that started Mr. Cashman. Match the Prize: Touch stars until 2 matching prizes have been revealed. You win that prize. Your prize will be up to 1,000 credits multiplied by the bet multiplier on the game that started Mr. Cashman, or 40, 20, 10 or 5 free games during which wins will be multiplied by x1, x2, x3 or x5, respectively. Game Rules 20 Lines are played for 25 credits with the minimum bet at 25 credits. All wins are on played lines except scatters and bonus prizes. Win on the different lines are added. The highest win for each line is counted. Scatter wins and bonus prizes are added to the line wins. Line wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier. Scatter wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier and the number of lines played. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Controls Total Bet Use the -/+ buttons to adjust the total bet. Max Bet This will automatically change the bet to the highest credit for that denomination. Play Starts a game at the set bet level. While the reels are spinning, it can also stop the reels, except during random spin. Auto Play (If Applicable) Automatically initiates a specified number of bought games at the current Total Bet. The selected number of games will be played while there is sufficient balance on the Credit Meter or until free games are triggered Last modification date: 7/9/2024