Buffalo Chief Game Rules All reels are played for a minimum bet of 50 credits. Winning symbols can occur anywhere on all reels. The highest win is paid per winning combination. Each symbol can be used only once per winning combination. Only positions containing the winning symbols are used in determining the win for that symbol. Each winning combination is made up of only one symbol from each reel. Coinciding wins are added. Scatter wins are added to Reel Power wins. All wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Controls Total Bet Use the -/+ buttons to adjust the total bet. Max Bet This will automatically change the bet to the highest credit for that denomination. Play Starts a game at the set bet level. While the reels are spinning, it can also stop the reels. A player cannot influence the result of a game by stopping the reel spins. Auto Play (If Applicable) Automatically initiates a specified number of bought games at the current Total Bet. The selected number of games will be played while there is sufficient balance on the Credit Meter or until free games are triggered. Game Features Free Games 8, 15 or 20 free games are initially awarded with 3, 4 or 5 scatter wins, respectfully. . For each , , or in a scatter win, one spin of the Buffalo Chief Ribbon Wheel is awarded. . The value shown on the Buffalo Chief Ribbon Wheel when the wheel stops represents the number of to be added to the Free game reel strips. . Each added will replace a symbol on either reel 1, 2, 3, 4 or 5. The reel strip positions where are added occur in set positions. can replace all symbols except , and scatter symbols. Any that are added to the reel strips will remain in place for the duration of the free games feature. A maximum of 250 symbols can be added to the reel strips. During the Free Games feature, 5, 8, 15 or 20 additional free games are awarded with 2, 3, 4 or 5 scatter wins respectfully. , and only appear in bought games. Game Features Buffalo Chief Ribbon Wheel This wheel initially contains 10 values, ranging from 10 to 50. After each spin of the Buffalo Chief Ribbon Wheel, the wheel slice that was spin is dimmed out and is no longer available. A maximum of 10 Buffalo Chief Ribbon Wheel spins may occur during the Free Games Feature, including the triggering spin. On any free game, all reels contain set positions that are randomly replaced by or . When there have been 5 or fewer Buffalo Chief Ribbon Wheel spins, can appear on all reels. After 6 Ribbon Wheel spins, can only appear on reels 1, 2, 3 or 4. After 7 Ribbon Wheel spins, can only appear on reels 1, 2 or 3. After 8 Ribbon Wheel spins, can only appear on reels 2 or 3. After 9 Ribbon Wheel spins, can only appear on reel 3. After 10 Ribbon Wheel spins, no longer appears on any reels. Game Features Buffalo Chief Stampede The Buffalo Chief Stampede Feature can be randomly triggered on any bought game. 16,000 ways are played. and scatter symbols do not appear during this feature. Bonus reels are in play during the feature. Stampede feature cannot be triggered again during the feature. Total bet is the same as the game that triggered the feature. Jackpot Bonus Prizes The grand bonus prize is awarded when appears in a scatter win. The major bonus prize is awarded when appears in a scatter win. The minor bonus prize is awarded when appears in a scatter win. Grand bonus prize is 200,000 credits, Major bonus prize is 37,500 credits and the Minor bonus prize is 5,000 credits. Jackpot bonus prizes are multiplied by the bet multiplier. Jackpot bonus prizes are shown with the bet multiplier at 1. Last modification date: 2/21/2024