Pompeii Rising Jackpots Free Games Feature Free Games Feature is won with any win. Choose your Free Games Feature. Free games are played at 3, 4, 5 or 6 positions high based on the following table: During the free games, a 3, 4 or 5 win will award additional free games based on the above table. Reel height is the same as initially selected. Any win with a substituting on reel 2 is multiplied by 3. Any win with a substituting on reel 4 is multiplied by 5. Any win with a substituting on reel 2 and a substituting on reel 4 is multiplied by 15. appears on reel 2 only. appears on reel 4 only. does not appear in the Free Games Feature. Up to 3 additional free games may be randomly awarded on any free game where or substitutes in a win. Free Games Feature cannot be triggered again during free games. Jackpot Feature can be triggered during the Free Games Feature. Total Bet is the same as the game that triggered the Free Games Feature. Bonus reels are in play during the Free Games Feature. Jackpot Feature Jackpot Feature may be triggered on any spin where , or appears. When the Jackpot Feature is triggered 12 will appear. Touch to reveal one of the following symbols corresponding to a Jackpot Feature prize: When 3 matching symbols are revealed, the corresponding Jackpot Feature prize is awarded and the Jackpot Feature ends. Jackpot Feature cannot be triggered again during the Jackpot Feature. Outcomes of the Jackpot Feature are not influenced by player input. Total Bet is the same as the game that triggered the Jackpot Feature. Jackpot Feature prizes shown with the bet multiplier at 1. Grand Bonus is 100000 credits. Major Bonus is 50000 credits. Minor Bonus is 3000 credits. Mini Bonus is 1500 credits Game Rules All wins shown in credits except Grand Bonus, Major Bonus, Minor Bonus and Mini Bonus. Minimum bet 88 credits. Choose your TOTAL BET. All reels are played for a reel cost of 88 credits. TOTAL BET is the reel cost multiplied by the bet multiplier. Select BET to choose your TOTAL BET. The PLAY button will immediately commence play. While the reels are spinning you may press the PLAY button to stop them. Winning symbols can occur anywhere on all reels. Highest win paid per winning combination. Each symbol can be used only once per winning combination. Each winning combination is made up of only one symbol from each reel. Coinciding wins are added. Only positions containing the winning symbol are used in determining the win for that symbol. All wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier except scatter wins. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total credits bet. Game RTP: 95.00%. Touch CREDIT, TOTAL BET or WIN meter to show in currency or credits. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Player is responsible to confirm credits registered before game start. Aristocrat products are protected by patents. For a full list of Aristocrat patents please check with your local patent office. AUTO PLAY automatically initiates a specified number of bought games at the current TOTAL BET. Choose your TOTAL BET and press Press to return to game without initiating AUTO PLAY spins. Select a number of AUTO PLAY spins. Press to immediately commence play. The selected number of games will be played while there is sufficient balance on the CREDIT meter or until a FEATURE is triggered.During AUTO PLAY, press to cancel remaining AUTO PLAY spins. Last modification date: 2/14/2024