Atomic Fruit Game Objective: Atomic Fruit is a fixed ten-line game with 16 pods consisting of 4 spheres and a colour with an additional feature of clusters. When the game begins, icons rotate around each sphere like atoms and then stop, producing a pod of 4 random icons of random colour. Matching any icon in each of the pods along a win line constitutes a win. Additional matching icons in each pod constitute separate wins of the same type. The number of wins of a particular icon type is equal to the number of matching icons in each pod multiplied together. A cluster win is awarded when 7 or more adjacent matching coloured pods connected either horizontally and/or vertically. top Game Information: The minimum bet amount is €0.10EUR and the maximum bet amount is €500 EUR. There are 3 possible colour results Red/Green/Blue for each pod (the colours are indicated by the border of the icon and the sphere around which that the icons spin) The number of wins of a particular icon type is equal to the number of matching icons in each pod multiplied together, up to a maximum of 256 wins per win line (i.e. 4 x 4 x 4 x 4) top How to play The default selected stake for the game is EUR 0.10. You can change the stake by clicking the ▲ and ▼ buttons available at the at 'Stake/Line' indicator present on the game screen Press 'PLAY' to start the game. If you have 4 or more matching icons (at least 1 on each sphere on a win line) you will receive a payout as defined in the pay table. It is possible to have multiple wins with the same icon on a single win line. A cluster win is awarded when 7 or more adjacent matching coloured pods connected either horizontally and/or vertically. Colour pods connected diagonally are not considered as part of a cluster (i.e;if 4 color pods connected diagonally then it is not considered as part of a cluster. If a cluster is present, a payout dependent upon the number of pods in the cluster will be paid in accordance with the pay table. If you lose, the game is over and you can start a new game by clicking 'PLAY'. BALANCE: Your remaining game balance, after you have placed the desired BET, is shown in the 'CREDIT' meter. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the 'CREDIT' meter and the 'BET' meter. 'AUTOPLAY': You can make use of this feature to choose 'hands free' game play for selected number of plays. To increase or decrease the auto spin count choose Left ▼ (-) and Right ▲ (+) arrows displayed in the bottom right of the game screen. Maximum number of Auto Play games can be selected is 999. Click on 'Auto Play' to activate the selected option and start the game. Click on 'STOP' to deactivate the Auto Play options. While 'AUTO PLAY’ is in progress you can interrupt the game by clicking on the 'STOP' button. If game is in progress, 'AUTO PLAY' will be stopped after completing the current game otherwise 'AUTO PLAY' is stopped immediately and normal game is restored. Click on 'GAME LOGS' to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on 'GAME RULES' to view the detailed rules of the game as web page. Click on 'REBUY' to buy more credits into the game from your Account. Click on 'EXIT GAME' to leave the game and return to the Lobby. Click on 'QUICK DEPOSIT' button to deposit money into your Account. The game rules are identical in both real money and play money modes. top Rules The player has no control over the symbols and where they land as they are randomly determined by the game. The computer plays the game on behalf of the player. Options: Clicking on options button present on the top centre of the screen provides a mechanism to control the sound and graphic quality. Sound: Clicking on Sound image on the top centre of the game screen will turn off the sound and on deselecting it will turn on the sound. This can also be turned on and off by selecting and deselecting the sound control present in the Options menu. Quality: The quality controller present in the Options menu is used to toggle the graphic quality of the game to Low/High/Medium. If the player is experiencing a slowdown during play they should select this option to increase game speed at the cost of image quality. Any icon wins will be paid in accordance with the pay table, and if no line wins exists and clusters are not present then the game ends. Example: In the figure shown below, Green spheres indicate examples when cluster is formed and Red spheres indicate examples that are not clusters Coinciding wins on different lines are added to your total. When there is a one or more cluster winning combination, these winning combinations are paid and all respective colour pods disappear allowing the pods above to descend into the vacant spaces created new random pods to drop from the top. The action of cluster disappearing and being replaced is known as a cluster reaction. Whenever a Cluster Reaction is occurred, the pods involved in the Cluster Reaction will disappear and vacant spaces will be created. Then Pods will be dropped into those vacant spaces and Reaction Win Multiplier will be increased by 1. If there is any new/existing win after the pods replacement, winnings will be paid by X2. If another cluster reaction is occurred again, the winnings after pods replacement will be paid by X3 and so on... When more than 1 cluster is present at the same time, all fruit pods involved in all of the clusters will disappear simultaneously; the win line multiplier will only advance by 1 (irrespective of the number of clusters at the same time). Right side of the game window consisting of Win Window which displays the Payline wins and Cluster Reaction wins. The game ends when there are no more clusters and line wins. Malfunctions Voids all Pays and Plays. An example of how clusters work: 8 matching spheres – each contains 4 icons (marked x) Spheres then disappear creating vacant spaces Spheres above descend into vacant spaces (any wins/new wins will be counted) Another cluster is created (x) from the descent of the spheres into the vacant spaces. The cluster will disappear and any wins/new wins will be counted, and so on… Win Examples (Assuming EUR 1 stake per-line) Six cherries appear on a win line with the following grouping and colours: Initially Reaction Win Multiplier would be 1 always. (A) A4 cherry wins on the first row are paid: 1 x 2 x 1 x 2 x stake per line (EUR 1) = EUR 4.00 (B) 7 pod red cluster reaction occurs, paying 3 x stakes per line: EUR 3.00 (Cluster reaction with 7 red color pods; first column 4 pods and 2nd column first 3 pods) (C) Reaction wins Multiplier increases to x 2 (D) New pods drop in to replace red pods: (A) 4 cherry wins on the first row are paid x 2: (Reaction Win Multiplier: 2) 2 x 1 x 1 x 2 Reaction win Multiplier (2) x stake per line (EUR 1) = EUR 8.00 (B) 8 pod green cluster reaction occurs, and is paid x 2: (Cluster reaction with 8 green color pods; first column 4 pods and 2 nd column 4 pods) 5 x Reaction win Multiplier (2) x stake per line (EUR 1) = EUR 10.00 (C) Reaction wins Multiplier increases to x3 (D) New pods drop in to replace red pods: (A) 2 cherry win on the first row is paid x 3: (Reaction Win Multiplier: 3) 1 x 1 x 1 x 2x Reaction win Multiplier (3) x stake per line (EUR 1) = EUR 6.00 (B) No more cluster reactions means the end of the game. The theoretical return to player of this game is 94.76% top Paytable Click on PAYTABLE button in the main game screen, game will navigate to Payable screen. In PAYTABLE screen, select Next button then game will navigate to the Win Multipliers screen. top I could not complete the game. What should I do? If the player gets disconnected in the middle of the game and it is a non-winning game, the game is automatically completed. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game Logs' button once you have logged back in. If the player gets disconnected in the middle of a game which is having cluster reaction, then the incomplete game will be presented to the player on re-login and continue from where it was disconnected. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team. top Last modification date: 1/31/2017