Aztec Gold prize draw Game objective: Aztec Gold prize draw is a five-reel, 50-payline prize draw jackpot slot game with a sixth reel which is incorporated on the left of the screen to denote the possible 'free spins & multipliers'. The sixth reel (Aztec Gold prize draw free spins reel) spins with the other 5 reels and will display the number of free spins & multipliers. The Aztec Gold prize draw feature is triggered when three or more Scattered Temple symbols appear anywhere in view. The free spins feature can be retriggered within free spins. top Game information: Betting limits are shown on the game screen title bar. You can bet on up to fifty lines. top How to play: Setting 'LINES': Fifty lines are selected by default. Lines can be changed by clicking the ◄ and ► buttons available to the left and right of the 'LINES' indicator on the game screen respectively. Selected lines are lit and unselected lines are not lit. Players can also select/deselect lines by clicking on the desired line number at the beginning or at the end of the lines. Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet per line is set. You can choose to increase or decrease the bet per line by using the ◄ and ► buttons available to the left and right of the 'BETS' indicator on the game screen respectively. If your game balance drops below your total bet placed, bet and lines will not get adjusted to the next possible bet, instead a re-buy window will appear. If you have no funds in your account, the deposit option will pop up. Max Bet: To play with a Max Bet, click on 'MAX BET'. If your game balance is not sufficient, this option is disabled. The number of selected lines is multiplied by the 'bet per line', and the total bet amount is displayed in the 'TOTAL BET' meter, which is located at the bottom left of the game screen. 'PAYTABLE': The 'PAYTABLE' screen can be viewed by clicking on the 'PAYTABLE' button located above the 'CREDIT' meter. You can go back to the game by clicking on the 'GAME' button. WIN AMOUNT CALCULATION: To calculate the Line win, multiply the respective prize with the bet per line. To calculate the scatter wins, multiply the prize with total bet. RULES: Game rules screen can be viewed by clicking on 'RULES' button which is located to the right and just below the 'PAYTABLE' button. You can go back to the game by clicking on the 'GAME' button. SPIN: Click on SPIN to start spinning the reels. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines, or any scatter wins, will be paid according to the paytable. RESULT: Any wins are indicated by their paylines highlighted and symbols animating or, in the case of a scatter win, by the symbols animating. The individual line wins are shown at the end of each winning line. Also the total win amount is shown in the ticker message area at the bottom of the reels. Repeat Bet/Change Bet: If you have already placed the bet, the settings selected will be automatically carried over to the subsequent spin if there is a sufficient amount. Simply click on 'SPIN' to play with the same bet again. To change your bet, use the ◄ and ► buttons near the 'BETS' or 'LINES' indicators as explained above. CREDIT: Your remaining game balance, after you have placed the desired bet, is shown in the 'CREDIT' meter i.e. the current game balance minus the total bet placed. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed in the 'CREDIT' meter and the 'TOTAL BET' meter. 'AUTOSPIN': You can make use of this feature to choose amongst the various options for 'hands free' game play. Options available under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will automatically spin for the number of spins selected from the drop-down menu. You can choose any number of games and play until your balance is less than the total bet placed. Spin till win is equal to or exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount selected from the drop-down menu. Spin till any win: The game will automatically spin until the next win. Spin till feature trigger: The game will automatically spin until the next feature is triggered. Spin till my balance exceeds or equals to: The game will automatically spin until the game balance is greater than or equal to the amount entered. The entered amount should always be greater than or equal to the game balance for the “START” button on the auto spin window to get enabled. Note that 'game balance' implies the sum of the amounts given in 'CREDIT' meter and 'TOTAL BET' meter. Spin till my balance falls below or equals to: The game will automatically spin until the game balance is less than or equal to the amount entered. The entered amount should always be less than or equal to the game balance for the “START” button on the auto spin window to get enabled. Note that 'Game balance' implies the sum of amounts given in 'CREDIT' meter and 'TOTAL BET' meter. Play faster: This option lets you play faster than usual by reducing the break time. You must choose at least one of the other available Auto Spin options before selecting 'Play Faster'. To make use of the auto spin feature, click on the 'AUTO SPIN' button at the bottom of the game screen. When the auto spin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Select from the drop-down menu where applicable. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options to start the spins. Click on 'CANCEL' to return to the game screen. You can deactivate 'AUTO SPIN' by clicking on the 'STOP SPIN' button. If spin is in progress, 'AUTO SPIN' will be stopped after completing the current spin. Otherwise 'AUTO SPIN' is stopped immediately. When playing with multiple 'AUTO SPIN' options, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be ignored. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again, or choose new option(s), and proceed with the 'AUTO SPIN'. Please note: The 'AUTOSPIN' option is not available in play-money mode. Click on 'GAME LOGS' to view the logs of the games you've played. The logs of the previous games can be viewed at any time but not for the last game. Click on 'GAME RULES' to view the detailed rules of the game as web page. Click on 'REBUY' to buy more credits into the game from your account. Click on 'EXIT GAME' to leave the game and return to the Lobby. Click on 'QUICK DEPOSIT' button to deposit money into your account. The game rules are identical in both real-money and play-money modes. The 'GAME LOGS' and 'REBUY' functionality is applicable only for real-money game play. top Game rules: Play 1 to 50 lines. Payouts are made according to the paytable. LINES can be changed by using the ◄ and ► buttons. BET amount can be changed by using the ◄ and ► buttons. SPIN begins the game with the currently selected BET and LINES. MAX BET selects 50 lines and maximum bet per line. Payouts are displayed on the PAYTABLE. Payline wins are multiplied by the amount bet per line. Highest win amount is paid on each selected payline. Coinciding wins on different lit lines are all added to your total. Scatter wins are multiplied by total bet and added to payline wins. All symbols pay left to right except Scattered Temple symbols which pay anywhere in view. The Aztec Gold prize draw logo substitutes for all other symbols except Scattered Temple symbols. The Aztec Gold prize draw logo appears only on reels 1, 2, 3, and 4. The Aztec Gold prize draw logo works only in conjunction with other symbols except the Scattered Temple symbols. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. top Aztec Gold prize draw free spins game: The Aztec Gold prize draw feature is triggered when three or more scattered Temple symbols appear anywhere in view. If 3 or more Scattered Temple symbols are in view, then the number of free spins and multipliers denoted against the indicator on that sixth reel are awarded and the free spins are played out. The number of free spins and free spins multiplier denoted are random. The number of free spins awarded with each trigger ranges from 8 to 25, and the multiplier awarded with each trigger ranges from 2 to 10. All prizes during free spins are multiplied by the denoted free spins multiplier. Free spins can retrigger free spins and award the same number as originally awarded when triggered. Free spins are played at the same number of lines and bet per line of the triggering game. Free spin wins are added to payline and scatter wins. top Prize draw jackpot details: The prize draw consists of a large number of prizes which will pay out at a set time and date to lucky prize draw ticket holders. For each spin the house adds a small credit to each prize in the prize draw jackpot. To win it, you need prize draw tickets. These are obtained by playing raffle jackpot games, such as Jail Break prize draw, Ride of the Valkyries prize draw & Aztec Gold prize draw. You get a prize draw ticket for every $0.01 you wager on the prize draw jackpot games. For each $0.01 wagered, a prize draw ticket is awarded. So if you wager a total stake of $2, you will receive 200 prize draw tickets each time you spin. The number of tickets you currently have can be seen in the casino lobby and any prize draw jackpot game. Ticket calculations are always done in $. Any decimal ticket value in a spin due to currency conversion will be summarized until it reaches 1 and a ticket is added to the sum total of the tickets. If after the last spin before the draw a player has a decimal ticket value, the decimal ticket value will be truncated and will not be carried forward to the next draw. E.g.: a EUR player has 100.50 tickets after the last spin before draw, 0.50 ticket value is truncated and only 100 tickets will participate in the draw. The game and lobby displays the total size of the jackpot pool when it is drawn, how many tickets you currently have and when the next draw will take place. The prizes are then drawn in a live draw which can be watched in the lobby. Any ticket can win a prize, but once a ticket has won a prize, it cannot then win another prize except when the number of tickets is smaller than the number of prizes. Any prize you win is instantly credited to your account balance. Every prize draw jackpot starts with 0 in the prize pool. Prize draw jackpots can be played in any of the currencies supported by the Download Casino client. There can be many prize draw jackpot instances, each of which runs for a specified period based on its configuration. The number of tickets are calculated daily using current exchange rates. top The draw: The drawing of the prizes starts when the countdown clock reaches zero. Make sure you get as many prize draw tickets as possible before the draw starts. A winning ticket is then drawn out for each prize and the name of the winner is shown live in the lobby. The draw starts at the last prize and works upwards to the top prize. Tickets and jackpot contribution calculation for the bet placed happens only after game completion. In this case, when free spins are triggered in the current draw and continue to play in the next draw, the tickets and jackpot contribution will be calculated after the game completion and will be applicable towards next draw. Prize draw tickets for each player are reset to zero after the jackpot draw. top Previous draw results: The draw results and winners for the last 6 months can be viewed by clicking on the jackpot ticker in the lobby (bottom left). top Paylines layout: top Paytable: Click on the 'PAYTABLE' button in the main game screen and the game will pan down to the paytable screen. RULES: Click on the 'RULES' button in the paytable screen and the paytable screen will pan down to the rules screen. The theoretical return to a player of this game is 96.19%. Adding funds to your account: To add funds to your account, click on 'DEPOSIT' in the 'Cashier' menu, then select the desired deposit option (play anywhere clients) or click on 'DEPOSIT' in the 'Cashier' option on left panel in main lobby, then select the desired deposit option (Download clients). You can also add funds to your account by clicking on 'REBUY' on the game screen and then clicking on 'DEPOSIT NOW'. The time taken to transfer funds and the fees charged will vary depending on which deposit option you choose. What do I do if I reach my betting limits? If your game balance drops below the minimum bet, a buy-in window will be automatically presented. To add funds to your account, click on the 'DEPOSIT' option in the 'Cashier' menu in the main lobby (play anywhere clients) or click on 'DEPOSIT' in the 'Cashier' option on the left panel in the Main Lobby, then select the desired deposit option (Download clients), or click the 'DEPOSIT NOW' button in the 'Buy-in' window of any game. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete the game for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game Logs' button once you have logged back in. If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete the game for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game Logs' button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected after triggering or in the middle of the Aztec Gold Raffle Free Spins Game, on reconnection, the software will automatically start the Aztec Gold Raffle Free Spins Game, if not already started, or resume from where it was disconnected. After completing the free spins, you can resume playing the same game, or you can select another game of your choice. If you are still having problems, please contact our Customer Support team. top Last modification date: 1/31/2017