Baccarat Golden Baccarat is a card game played against the house. The objective of the game is to predict the outcome of the cards dealt to the player and the banker. All hands will have a point value equal to or less than nine, keeping in mind that all cards worth 10 points count as zero and aces count as one. When the total value of the cards is more than 10, 10 is deducted from that number to get a card value under or equal to nine. To play, you place your wager on any one of the following hands: The banker's hand The player's hand A tie The player's hand and a tie The banker's hand and a tie The drawing rules can be found in the Drawing rules section below. The winning hand is the hand closest to a score of nine after all the cards are dealt. You may place a bet on either the player's hand or the banker's hand and you may also place a bet on the hand being tied, either on its own or in addition to one of the other bets. You cannot place a bet on both the player's and the banker's hands at the same time. The cards are then drawn and the winning hand is paid according to the odds outlined in the Payout section below. top Information All suits (spades, hearts, clubs and diamonds) have equal rank. The game is played using a single deck of 52 cards with no jokers. The cards are shuffled at the start of every game. The betting limits are shown in the game screen title bar. The game rules and payouts are identical in both the real-money and play-money versions. All 10-score cards, or scores which total 10, are counted as zero. For example, if a seven and a six were dealt, totaling 13, 10 points would be deducted, making the total three. top How to play To select the chip denomination you wish to bet, click on any of the available chips at the edge of the table. Place your bet by clicking on the desired betting area. To increase your bet, continue to click on the betting area. To remove a bet, right-click on the chips within the betting area. Once you have placed your bets, click the 'Deal' button to begin the hand. Initially, four cards are dealt: two to the player and two to the banker. A third card may be drawn to each of the two hands, depending on the totals of these hands. The full rules can be found in the Drawing rules section below. After all the cards have been drawn, the result is announced and the bets are paid or taken accordingly. To play again at the same bet level, click on 'Deal' to start a new hand. To alter your bet level or clear your bets, click on 'Clear'. You can then begin placing your bets again. Your game balance shows the amount of funds you have left available for the game. See below for more details on rebuy. The default bet for the next game is the same as the amount of your previous bet. You can choose to increase or decrease your bet as you wish. If your game balance falls below the value of the last bet placed, the system will prompt you to either choose a lower bet level or click on the 'Rebuy' button to add more funds to the table from your account. Click on the 'Rules' button in the bottom left-hand corner of the game screen to view the game rules. Click on the 'Gamelogs' button to view the logs of the games you have played. Click on 'Version' to view the current version number of the game. Click on 'Rebuy' to buy more credits into the game balance from your account. To exit the game, click on 'Exit Game'. top Rules Once your bet has been placed and the 'Deal' button has been clicked, four cards will be drawn in the following order: player, banker, player and banker. According to the drawing rules laid out below, a further card is drawn to the player's hand and/or the banker's hand, giving a maximum number of six cards that can be drawn. The winning hand is the hand which achieves a score closest to nine. All 10-point cards (except aces) are equal to zero. Aces count as one and the remaining cards are worth their face value. When the total points of the player's or the dealer's cards add up to a point value more than 10, then 10 is deducted from that number to get a point value equal to or less than nine. For example, if a seven and a six were dealt, totaling 13, 10 points would be deducted, making the total three. If a hand scores eight or nine with the first two cards, it is considered a natural winner and will win automatically unless it is beaten by a higher natural winner. If there is a tie, bets on the banker or player are returned. All other totals for the initial two cards are decided in accordance with the drawing rules laid out below. All winning bets on the player's hand are paid at odds of even money. All winning bets on the banker's hand are paid at even money less 5% commission (or 'vigorish'). All winning bets on the tie bet are paid at odds of 8:1. Drawing rules: The drawing rules are broken down into two parts: the rules concerning the player's hand and the rules concerning the banker's hand. These are based on the first two cards. Player's hand drawing rules Player's score Decision 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 Draws a card 6, 7 Stands 8, 9 Natural winner Banker's hand drawing rules Banker's hand Draws when the player's third card is Stands when the player's third card is 0, 1, 2 Always draws a card 3 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 9 8 4 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7 0, 1, 8, 9 5 4, 5, 6, 7 0, 1, 2, 3, 8, 9 6 6, 7 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 8, 9 7 Stands Stands 8,9 Natural winners Natural winners top Paytable The Paytable lists the prizes for winning hands. Golden Baccarat paytable Bet type Payoff Player Even money (1 : 1) Banker Even money less 5% commission Tie bet 8 : 1 top I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Gamelogs' button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected in the middle of the feature round, you will be prompted to complete it after logging back in. After completing the feature round, you can resume playing the same base game, or you can select another game of your choice. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. top Last modification date: 12/17/2018