Bejeweled Bejeweled game is ten-paylines 25-cells gem-swapping game with normal jackpot (8000 X Line Bet) and super jackpot (20000 X Line Bet) bonus. When the game begins, randomly-generated symbols will drop down from the top of the screen and fall into position until all 25 symbols have settled into place. When a payline or paylines win, the winning symbols will shrink and disappear causing all symbols above them to drop down, with new/additional symbols falling down from the top of the screen as needed. Win is credited at the end of the game when there are no more wins. The game also features a wild symbol. Bejeweled Wild symbol substitutes for any symbols on the payline. Information You can bet on up to ten lines. On selection of pay lines user can automatically view the pay lines. How to play Setting'LINES': Ten lines are selected by default. Lines can be changed by clicking ▲ and ▼ arrow button available to the right side of the 'LINES' indicator on the game screen respectively. Selected lines are lit, and unselected lines are not lit. Setting'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet of $1 per line is set for all 10 lines, resulting in a total bet of $10. You can choose to increase or decrease the bet per line by using the ▲ and ▼ arrows available beside the 'BET' indicator. If your game balance is less than $10, the system will automatically adjust the bet to the next highest possible amount. The number of selected lines is multiplied by the'bet per line', and the total bet amount is displayed under the 'TOTAL BET' meter, which is located at the middle left of the game screen. 'PAYTABL': The 'PAYTABLE' can be viewed by clicking on the 'PAYTABLE' button located on the bottom left of the main console screen or by clicking the keyboard key “P”. To calculate the payout amount, multiply the respective prize with the bet per line. You can go back to the game by clicking on the 'BACK TO GAME' button.E PLAY: Click on PLAY or Spacebar to start the game. After new, randomly-generated symbols drop down from the top of the screen and fall into position until all 25 symbols have settled into place, any winning combinations on the selected lines will be paid according to the pay table. When a payline or paylines win, the winning symbols will shrink and disappear causing all symbols above them to drop down, with new/additional symbols falling down from the top of the screen as needed. Win is credited at the end of the game when there are no more wins. Line Win: Displays credits won on each winning Payline. Paid: Displays the total amount won per game. Jackpot – 8000 Bonus: “Jackpot” - 8000 is triggered when there are 5 matching symbols in vertical line 5 AND five matching symbols in any horizontal line (6, 7, 8, 9 or 10). Super Jackpot – 20000 Bonus: “Super Jackpot 20000” is triggered when 5 Bejeweled symbol appear on payline 10. Win Patterns: The player uses Win Patterns function when they want to view the pay lines. Repeat Bet/Change Bet: If you have already bet, the settings selected will be automatically carried over to the subsequent play. Simply click on'PLAY' to play with the same bet again. To change your bet, use the Up-arrow and Down-arrow buttons near the 'BET' or 'LINES' indicators as explained above. Credits: Your remaining game balance, after you have placed the desired bet, is shown under'CREDIT'. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the'CREDIT' meter and the 'TOTAL BET' meter. 'AUTOPLA': You can make use of this feature to choose 'hands free' game play for selected number of plays. To increase or decrease the auto spin count choose Left (-) and Right (+) arrows displayed in the bottom left of the game screen. Maximum number of Auto Play games can be selected is 99. Click on 'PLAY' to activate the selected option and start the game.Y Click on'STOP' to deactivate the AUTOPLAY options. While 'AUTO PLAY' is in progress you can interrupt the game by clicking on the 'STOP' button. If game is in progress, 'AUTO PLAY' will be stopped after completing the current game otherwise 'AUTO PLAY' is stopped immediately and normal game is restored. Click on'GAME LOGS' to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on'Game Rules' to view the game rules of the game. Click on'REBUY' to buy more credits into the game from your Party Account. Click on'EXIT GAME' to leave the game and return to the lobby. The game rules are identical in both real money and play money modes. Rules Play 1 to 10 lines LINES can be changed by using the ▲ and ▼ arrows BET amount can be changed by using the ▲ and ▼ arrows PLAY begins the game with the current BET and LINES BET MAX begins the game with the maximum LINES and maximum BET Payouts are displayed on the PAYTABLE Payline wins are multiplied by the amount bet per line Wins only occur on lines which have been selected. The cumulative amount is paid and added to balance if there is a multiple win on a single payline. Winning combinations are 3 or more identical symbols without interruptions in a single (horizontal or vertical) line. “Bejeweled” is wild and it substitutes for any other symbol in the line. Three or four wild (bejeweled) symbols in a row by themselves are not winning combinations, but they form winning combinations with the adjacent symbols in the line. When a winning combination(s) occurs, its value is paid to the player, symbols comprising the winning combination collapse making empty cells, and symbols above those empty cells drop directly to these cells, leaving empty cells at the upper part of the table. All empty cells are then filled in with random jewel symbols. Malfunctions Voids all Pays and Plays. Coinciding wins on different lit lines are all added to your total. Features Jackpot 8000 The “Jackpot” prize – 8000, - is paid for five identical symbols in the vertical line 5 AND five identical symbols in any horizontal line. When Jackpot 8000 is awarded, then user will be paid 8000 X Line Bet and any individual winning paylines that are part of the Jackpot are not paid. Jackpot 8000 can be won even when Bejeweled Wild substitutes in vertical line 5 and/or in any of the horizontal line When there is more than one Jackpot 8000 combination, the jackpot is paid only once for the horizontal line which has the lowest prize value. other paylines are paid accordingly as per the paytable Super Jackpot 20000 “Super Jackpot“ 20000 is triggered when 5 Bejeweled symbol appear on payline 10. When Super Jackpot is awarded, then user will be paid 20,000 X line bet. 5 Bejeweled symbols on Lines 1-9 pays 1000 X line bet. Paytable Click on PAYTABLE button in the main game, game will navigate to Paytable screen The theoretical return to player of this game is 94.52% The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 6/3/2020