Biker Pigs About the game Biker Pigs is a five-reel, fifty-pay line Jackpot slot game with The Biker Pigs Free Spins feature. When 3 or more scattered Bike symbols appear anywhere in view, the player is required to choose one scattered Bike which reveals the number of free spins and multiplier awarded. The Biker Pigs Free Spins feature can retrigger more free spins. TheBigOne Jackpot: TheBigOne Jackpot consists of five jackpots at different levels; the levels are - from the lowest to the highest - Blitz Cash Jackpot, Quick Cash Jackpot, Super Cash Jackpot, Mega Cash Jackpot, and Colossal Cash Jackpot. All five jackpots grow progressively as bets are made. For each spin, the house adds a small credit to the five running jackpots. All five levels in TheBigOne Jackpot can be won irrespective of hitting any winning combination, while betting any amount. Jackpot is triggered randomly. Only wagers of $1.35 or more can win a jackpot on TheBigOne. Free spins cannot trigger jackpots. If there is a jackpot which has triggered during the base game which also triggers The Biker Pigs Free Spins feature, then the jackpot feature is played and shown after the completion of free spins. INFORMATION Game is played with 50 variable lines. The Betting limits are shown on the game screen Title bar. SPIN begins the game with the currently selected BET and LINES. MAX BET selects maximum bet for 50 lines and maximum bet per line. Pay-outs are displayed on the PAYTABLE. Pay line wins are multiplied by the amount bet per line. Highest win amount is paid on each highlighted pay line. Coinciding wins on different highlighted lines are all added to your total. All wins on selected lines only, except scatters. Feature wins are added to the game balance. All symbols pay left to right starting with the left most reel except scatters. The Wild symbol is the Biker Pigs Logo. The Biker Pigs Logo Wild symbol can appear on reels 1, 2, 3 and 4 only and substitutes for all other symbols except scatter and works only in conjunction with all other symbols, except the Scattered Bike symbols. Wild symbols can also appear during free spins. Malfunctions Voids all Pays and Plays. HOW TO PLAY 'LINES': Fifty lines are selected by default and game will be played with 50 variable lines. Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet per line is set for all 50 lines, resulting in a total bet. You can choose to increase or decrease the bet per line by using the ◄ and ► buttons available to the Left & Right of ‘BETS’ indicator. If your game balance drops below your total bet placed, bet will not get adjusted to the next possible bet per line instead Re-buy window will appear. If you have no funds in your account, the deposit option will pop up. Max Bet: To play with max bet, click on 'MAX BET'. If your game balance is not sufficient, this option is disabled. All the 50 lines are multiplied by the 'bet per line', and the total bet amount is displayed in the 'TOTAL BET' meter, which is located at bottom left of the game screen. RULES: To view the game rules click on RULES button which is located below the TOTAL BET meter. Jackpot rules can be viewed by clicking on ‘JACKPOT RULES’ button in game rules page. You can go back to the game by clicking on the ‘BACK TO GAME’ button. 'PAYTABLE': The 'PAYTABLE' can be viewed by clicking on the 'PAYTABLE' button located below the RULES button. To calculate the pay-out amount, multiply the respective prize with the bet per line. You can go back to the game by clicking on the ‘BACK TO GAME’ button. ‘PAYLINES’: The ‘PAYLINES’ can be viewed by clicking on the ‘PAYLINES’ button located below the MAXBET button. SPIN: Click on SPIN to start spinning the reels. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on all the played bet lines, will be paid according to the pay table. Result: Any wins are indicated by their pay lines highlighted and symbols animating or, in the case of a scatter win, by their symbols animating. The individual pay line wins are shown at the end of each winning line. PAID: Any Line wins are shown in the ticker area under the five reels. The Biker Pigs Free Spins feature: The Biker Pigs Free Spins feature is triggered when 3 or more Scattered Bike symbols appear anywhere in view. Scatter symbols animates and waits for the player to select any bike. Upon selection of a bike symbol will display Free Spins and Multiplier won, while the other remaining bike symbols reveal Free Spins and Multiplier greyed out(but not won).. All line wins during free spins are multiplied by the free spins multiplier awarded. The Biker Pigs Free Spins feature can retrigger more free spins. Once all the free spins are completed, normal game is restored. Repeat Bet/Change Bet: If you have already bet, the settings selected will be automatically carried over to the subsequent spin if there is sufficient amount. Simply click on 'SPIN' to play with the same bet again. To change your bet, use the ◄ and ► buttons near the 'BET' indicator as explained above. Credits: Your remaining game balance, after you have placed the desired bet, is shown in ‘CREDITS' meter. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed in the ‘CREDITS’ meter and the 'TOTAL BET' meter. Jackpot game: When TheBigOne Jackpot is hit, a message is displayed on the main game screen as "The Big One Jackpot Feature" and in the ticker area below the five reels, it shows "CONGRATULATIONS, YOU WILL WIN A JACKPOT". The main screen then changes to jackpot screen in which all the jackpots and their values are listed in the left side area and a wheel is displayed in the right side area. There are 5 different jackpots, each of which has a unique color. All five colors are shown on the wheel. 3 Orange color or any combination of 2 or more colors wins Blitz Cash Jackpot 3 Red color wins Quick Cash Jackpot 3 Blue color wins Super Cash Jackpot 3 Green color wins Mega Cash Jackpot 3 Lavender color wins Colossal Cash Jackpot START button is shown in the middle of wheel. By clicking on START, a wheel of 3 circles appears with changing colors and stops at a particular color and respective jackpot is awarded. When a jackpot is hit, a popup displays the type of Jackpot and the amount awarded. When the 'OK' button is clicked the main game screen appears unless multiple jackpots are hit at the same time. If multiple jackpots are hit at the same time, on clicking 'OK' on the popup, 'START' button on Jackpot screen is enabled to continue further game play. You can see the current values of all five jackpots in the right side of main game screen and also by clicking on the Total Casino Jackpots displayed at the bottom left corner of the Download Casino main lobby. Only wagers of $1.35 or more can win a jackpot on TheBigOne. Only real money bets contribute to the Jackpot. Click on 'GAME LOGS' to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on 'GAME RULES' to view the current version number & game rules of the game. Click on 'REBUY' to buy more credits into the game from your Account. Click on 'EXIT GAME' to leave the game and return to the Lobby. Click on 'QUICK DEPOSIT' button to deposit money into your Account. The “GAME LOGS” and “REBUY” functionality is applicable only for the real money game play. The game rules are identical in both real money and play money modes. RULES Game/Jackpot Rules Screen: Click on 'Rules’ button in the main game screen, game will navigate to Rules screen. Click on 'JACKPOT RULES’ in the Rules screen, game will navigate to Jackpot Rules screen. FEATURES The Biker Pigs Free Spins feature is triggered when 3 or more Scattered Bike symbols appear anywhere in view. Scatter symbols animate and waits for the player to select any bike. Upon selection of a bike symbol will display Free Spins and Multiplier won, while the other remaining bike symbols reveal Free Spins and Multiplier greyed out (but not won). All the line wins during free spins including the wins from the re-triggered spins are multiplied by the initially awarded free spins multiplier. The number of free spins and multiplier awarded are random. Maximum number of free spins that can be awarded is 20 and the maximum multiplier that can be awarded for free spins is 6. The Biker Pigs Free Spins feature can re-trigger more free spins. Free spins are re-triggered when 3 or more scattered bike symbols appear anywhere in view during free spins and award the same number of free spins as initially won (but no additional multipliers) which will get added to the total free spins.. Free spins are played at the same bet of the triggering spin. Feature wins are added to the game balance. PAYTABLE Click on PAYTABLE button in the main game screen, game will navigate to Paytable screen. PAYLINES: Click on PAYLINES button in the main game screen, game will navigate to Paylines screen. Last modification date: 9/27/2022