Gorilla Gold Megaways INTRODUCTION Gorilla Gold Power 4 Slots™ is a 6-reel, 4 slot game where all 4 are active at once. Roam wild in this mighty jungle adventure with up to 470,596 ways to win, Cascading symbols and Free Spins where an Unlimited Win Multiplier is active, which increases after every win. Trigger Super Spins and try and unlock extra slots for more chances to win big! Step 1: Getting Started Press the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Press 'SPIN' to start your game. There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. If you wish to cancel this during your auto spins, press the Stop Autoplay button. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game. The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 2, 3, 4, 5 or 6 matching symbols (starting from the left most reel) on any of the MEGAWAYS™, then you win. Any winnings you have will be highlighted causing an explosion and more symbols will cascade in. Winnings will be credited to your account balance. All 4 slots are active in the main game, with it being possible to win on all 4 slots at once. Cascading Symbols All winning symbols will cause a chain reaction. The winning symbols will be removed from the reels and replaced by new symbols coming from above the reels. There are symbol positions above reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. They help form wins and are the only positions that can reveal Wild Symbols. These will be replaced from the right. Cascades will continue until no more winning symbols are generated. MEGAWAYS™ Each reel can reveal up to 7 symbols in view. Each Slot can have up to 117,649 ways to win (470,596 Total Ways). A win is matching consecutive symbols, regardless of height, from left to right starting from the left most reel. All winning combinations are added together. Payouts are multiplied by Bet per Slot (Total Bet is 4x Bet per Slot + 1x Stake Super Bet). MEGAWAYS™ under licence from Big Time Gaming. RTP: 96% Wild Symbol The Wild Symbol can only appear in the positions above reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 on each slot. The Wild symbol cannot substitute for scatter symbols or bonus symbols. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. Mystery Symbol The Mystery Symbol can appear in any position. Mystery symbol transforms into any symbol except Scatter and Wild Scatter The Scatter Symbol can appear in any of the reels but not in the positions above reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. Scatter wins are awarded in addition to reel wins. 4 or more Scatter Symbols in view awards the Gorilla Gold Bonus. Spin the wheel to be awarded a number of Free Spins or Super Spins. 4 Scatter = Up to 20 Free Spins or 15 Super Spins. 5 Scatter = Up to 25 Free Spins or 20 Super Spins. 6 Scatter = Up to 30 Free Spins or 25 Super Spins. 7 Scatter = Up to 35 Free Spins or 30 Super Spins. Free Spins During Free Spins the Unlimited Win Multiplier will increase by 1 after every cascade. During Free Spins the positions above reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 can reveal Free Spins Scatters and will award extra Free Spins: 3 Free Spins Scatters = 5 extra Free Spins. 4 Free Spins Scatters = 10 extra Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the total winnings for the spins will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited to the players account and regular play then resumes. Super Spins During Super Spins the Unlimited Win Multiplier will increase by 1 after every cascade. Collecting Golden Monkeys unlocks extra slots and awards additional spins: 5 Golden Monkeys = Unlocks the 1st additional slot and awards 5 extra Free Spins. 15 Golden Monkeys = Unlocks the 2nd additional slot and awards 5 extra Free Spins. 30 Golden Monkeys = Unlocks the 3rd additional slot and awards 5 extra Free Spins. At the end of Super Spins, the total winnings for the spins will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited to the players account and regular play then resumes. Bonus Guarantee During Super Spins if the Total Win is below 100 x Super Spin Bet an 5 additional Super Spins are awarded. Gamble Before the Free Spins starts the player can choose to Gamble the number of spins they start with. A winning outcome will be the relevant number of Free Spins. Any losing gamble will award the relevant number of Free Spins. Pressing TAKE SPINS will award the free spins and start the free spins bonus round. Auto Play There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to place up to 100 bets automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Free Spins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules Feature symbols are scatter wins and are awarded when appearing on any position on the reels Multiple scatter features can be won in a single game. Free Spins and Super Spins are played at the same Stake per Game as the triggering spin Scatter wins are paid in addition to reel wins. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Last modification date: 6/4/2020