Deal or No Deal Whats in your Box INTRODUCTION Deal Or No Deal: What's In Your Box? is a 5-reel 20-line slot based on the classic TV gameshow series. The game has 5 interactive and features as well as the incredible Jackpot King Promotional Jackpot. Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Bet up to £500 (depending on Operator configuration and and currency equivalent) by selecting from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options. Click 'SPIN' to start your game. There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. If you wish to cancel this during your auto spins then simply press the Stop Autoplay button which will appear at the top of where the Autoplay button was previously along with the remaining number of spins. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game. The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 2, 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols (starting from the left) on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. 3 Bonus or more Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels awards the What's In Your Box? Bonus. Revealing the Go All The Way Bonus during the What's In Your Box? Bonus awards the Go All The Way Bonus. Revealing the Trail Of Wealth Bonus during the What's In Your Box? Bonus awards the Trail Of Wealth Bonus. Revealing the Seal Of Success Bonus during the What's In Your Box? Bonus awards the Seal Of Success Bonus. Revealing the PowerPlay Bonus during the What's In Your Box? Bonus awards the PowerPlay Bonus Bonus. Revealing the Deal Or No Deal Bonus during the What's In Your Box? Bonus awards the Deal Or No Deal Bonus. Reel Wins Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. All Wins across all different lines are added together to form the total win. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive lines beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Scatter wins are added to any line wins. Wild Symbol The Wild(s) symbol can be used to help form line wins by substituting for other symbols. The Wild(s) symbol cannot substitute for scatter symbols or bonus symbols. Only the highest paying win on each line is paid (for example 3 wild symbols being a win or those symbols being used with another symbol to make a win of 4 symbols will only pay which of those two is the highest). Wild symbols include: Random Wilds Wilds, Colossal Wilds as well as regular wilds. Banker's Bonus If the phone starts to ring and the logo shake during any game there is chance that the Banker's Bonus can be triggered. If triggered, three DOND Boxes appear. Choosing a box awards one of the following features: - Random Wilds - As the reels continue to spin, a number of reel positions are transformed into wilds. - Mystery Symbols - As the reels continue to spin, a number of Mystery Symbols are added to the reels. The reels then stop, with any Mystery Symbols in view revealing the same symbol at random. - Respin Streak – If a win is achieved on the reels, there is a chance of a Respin Streak. The winning symbols are held in position and all non-winning reel positions respin. If any symbols land in view that would create a new or larger win, these are also held and the reels respin again. This continues until no new wins are created. - Colossal Symbols - As the reels continue to spin, a number of Colossal Symbols are added to the reels. The reels then stop to reveal the outcome from the spin. - Bonus Respin - At the end of any spin, there is a chance that some or all of the reels can respin, potentially creating a win. Bonus Activation The player enters the bonus by achieving 3 or more bonus symbols anywhere in view. There is no payout awarded directly for getting this, just entry to one of the bonus rounds. There will be 5 unique bonuses which will be determined by the Box selected from the What's In Your Box? Bonus. Go All The Way Bonus Revealing the Go All The Way Bonus during the What's In Your Box? Bonus awards the Go All The Way Bonus. After a short transition, a studio scene will be shown with three DOND boxes in the centre and two cash ladders on the left (blue) and right (red) of the screen. At this point the player is prompted to Pick A Box, revealing either ADVANCE BLUE, ADVANCE RED, GO ALL THE WAY BLUE, GO ALL THE WAY RED or TAKE A PRIZE. The player continues selecting until they reveal TAKE A PRIZE. At this point, the player is presented with a final box selection, which would be TAKE BLUE (awarding the player the blue cash ladder value reached), TAKE RED (awarding the player the blue cash ladder value reached) or BANK THEM BOTH (which awards the player the combined total of the two points reached on each cash ladder combined).The player exits the feature with the amount awarded, which is a multiplier of their Total Bet. Trail Of Wealth Bonus After a short screen transition the player will be presented with a secondary bonus screen that is themed around the DOND studio with a trail board in the centre. The bonus shall be split into two stages; Stage 1 is a regular board and stage 2 is the Big Money Super Trail Of Wealth Board. The player always begins in stage 1 and is required to roll the dice to advance around the board collecting Total Bet multipliers, Banker's Seals and Mystery Wins. Landing on the phone awards the Banker's Bonus, where the Banker's Spin can award a current Total Win multiplier, Walk of Wealth where you move around the board once collecting prizes,a Mystery Bonus Prize as well as Banker's Seal or even Super Trail Of Wealth. Collecting 3 Banker's Seals triggers the Super Trail Of Wealth, which changes the board to contain Super Multipliers as well as Mystery Positions, Mystery Win boxes and Banker's Bonus positions. The feature continues until the player reveals COLLECT from the Mystery position, where the player exits the feature with the amount displayed in the Bonus Winnings panel. Seal Of Success Bonus Revealing the Seal Of Success Bonus during the What's In Your Box? Bonus awards the Seal Of Success Bonus. A screen transition will occur and the player will be taken to a new set of reels and awarded 10 Free Spins. Across the top of the screen a panel will be shown with 3 Banker's Seal positions along with a symbol that can become the DOND symbol if the panel is completed. During the Free Spins a Banker's Seal overlay can appear on any symbol on reel 5. If the player accumulates 3 Seals during their spins, then the symbol shown above the reels is changed into a DOND symbol, with the player awarded 5 additional spins. The player can turn up to 4 symbols into the DOND symbol. Free Spins continue until all spins are used where the player is awarded the amount displayed in Bonus Winnings. Seal of Success cannot be retriggered during the Bonus Additional free spins are awarded each time the player completes a Banker's Seal Panel. Powerplay Bonus Revealing the PowerPlay Bonus during the What's In Your Box? Bonus awards the PowerPlay Bonus Bonus. After a short screen transition the player will be presented with a secondary set of reels. Across the top of the screen a panel will be shown with 3 Red DOND Box positions. During the Free Spins a Red DOND Box overlay can appear on any symbol on reel 5. If the player accumulates 3 Red Boxes during their spins, then they enter Powerplay where the free spins left counter is Locked (does not count down when the player has a spin) as well as the special Box 23 symbol becoming active. During Powerplay if a Box 23 symbol lands in view, it reveals a mystery symbol at random in every Box 23 symbol in view for more chances to win big. During Powerplay spins a Blue DOND Box overlay can appear on any symbol on reel 5. If the player accumulates 3 Blue Boxes during their spins, then they leave Powerplay where the free spins left counter is unlocked (starts to count down again when the player has a spin) and the Box 23 symbol is no longer active. Free Spins continue until all spins are used, where the player is awarded the amount displayed in their Bonus Winnings. Powerplay cannot be retriggered during powerplay although additional spins can be awarded from the Locked 'Powerplay' feature. Deal Or No Deal Bonus Revealing the Deal Or No Deal Bonus during the What's In Your Box? Bonus awards the Deal Or No Deal Bonus. After a short screen transition the player will be presented with the Deal Or No Deal Studio. Choose your lucky box then play a real game of Deal or No Deal against our banker for a chance to win up to x2500 times your total bet!. At the end of every round he will make you an offer and it is up to you to Deal or No Deal? Play until the end and the Banker may offer you a swap. Is it worth the gamble for the chance to win big? Feature Gamble Whenever a Feature win is achieved in the game, the player has the option to either Deal (collect the feature) or No Deal (gamble) to try and win one of the other features in the game (except for the Deal Or No Deal Bonus which is automatically awarded). The player will be presented with a Gamble screen showing the 5 features from left to right, ranked in terms of average payout. The feature the player has achieved will be highlighted. The player chooses from one of the two boxes shown onscreen. If the player gambles and win, the feature they have gambled to can be collected (Deal), with all features below that now eliminated. This continues until the player collects, reached the top feature (where it awards that feature) or the player reveals Mystery Prize – where they are then awarded a mystery cash prize (a multiplier of the Total Bet). Jackpot King Deluxe Pot System During any spin there is a chance that the Jackpot King Deluxe Bonus can be triggered by achieving 5 Jackpot King Deluxe overlay symbols on reels 1 to 5. The Jackpot King Deluxe Pot System is available on any stake on any game plugged into the Jackpot King Deluxe System. Spin the reels to accumulate Crown symbols to move up the win ladder. Achieve 15+ Crown symbols to enter the Wheel King section of the feature. After any spin CHOOSE AN ICON to reveal one of the following outcomes: SPIN - spins the reels again, with any additional Crown symbols in view adding to the win ladder. COLLECT – ends the feature with the player being awarded a Bonus Win based on the multiplier of their Total Bet reached on the win ladder. WHEEL KING - reveal this to go directly into the Wheel King round of the feature. Achieving 15+ Crown Symbols during the Jackpot King Deluxe Bonus awards the Wheel King Bonus. The Wheel King Feature is a Tombola style Wheel consisting of Big Win Multiplier segments and Progressive pot segments. Spin the wheel to win either a Big Total Bet Multiplier or a Jackpot. NOTE - The Jackpot King Deluxe Jackpots can only be won during the Wheel King part of the bonus. When a jackpot is won, it is reset to the Reserve amount and begins to rise again. The chances of winning a jackpot increases based on the Jackpot value (Royal and Regal pots are guaranteed to be won by the 'Must Be Won By' value). Simultaneous jackpot wins cannot occur. Should two players appear to win the jackpot at the same time the first player to trigger the jackpot will win the whole jackpot amount, the second player would win the reserve pot plus any further contributions made. In the event of a communication error after a promotional pot win result has been determined and before it has been displayed on screen, the win amount will automatically be transferred to the player's account. While the game is live, the jackpot cannot be terminated. If the game is removed, the outstanding pool amount can be transferred to another jackpot. Jackpots are funded by contributions from the player's stake except for the initial seeds which are funded by the Operator. Auto Play There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to place up to 100 bets automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. (The following additional functions are also applicable depending on jurisdiction) Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Freespins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button Payout Information and Game Rules Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. Wins on different paylines are added. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel (20 lines always active). Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Feature symbols are scatter wins and are awarded when appearing on any position on the reels for any number of played lines. Multiple scatter features can be won in a single game. Scatter wins are paid in addition to reel wins. Free Spins are played on the same number of lines and bet per line/Total Bet as the triggering game (20 lines always active). MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. The above game rules can be updated at any time at the Licensee's discretion. This game has 93.04% RTP which includes a 0.5% jackpot contribution The maximum win from a single game is £250,000