Fortunes of Sparta Fortunes of Sparta - Player Instructions INTRODUCTION Fortunes of Sparta is a stunning 20 win line slot with a Greek battle theme. Look out for the Spartan Streak Wild on the centre reel, where you can respin and achieve Colossal Wins! The game also has the Sparta Spins Bonus, where the centre reel is always Wild and EVERY win triggers the Spartan Streak. Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Bet from 25p up to £500 (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent) by selecting from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options. Click 'SPIN' to start your game. There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. If you wish to cancel this during your auto spins then simply press the Stop Autoplay button which will appear at the top of where the Autoplay button was previously along with the remaining number of spins. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game. The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols (starting from the left) on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. 3 Bonus Scatter symbols anywhere in view on the reels triggers the Spartan Spins Bonus. Reel Wins Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. All Wins across all different lines are added together to form the total win. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive lines beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Scatter wins are added to any line wins. Wild Symbol The Wild symbol can be used to help form line wins by substituting for other symbols. The Wild symbol cannot substitute for scatter symbols or bonus symbols. Only the highest paying win on each line is paid (for example 3 wild symbols being a win or those symbols being used with another symbol to make a win of 4 symbols will only pay which of those two is the highest). Spartan Streak If the Spartan Streak Wild symbol appears anywhere in view on reel 3 and forms part of a win the Sparta Streak is triggered. The winning symbols hold in view before all other symbols respin to try and form a bigger win. If any additional wins are created, the additional winning symbols will also hold in view before the reels respin again. This continues until no new wins are formed or all symbols on the reels form a win. Spartan Spins When 3 or more Bonus scatter symbols appear in view Spartan Spins are triggered. Any Bonus symbols hold in view before the reels respin. If any additional Bonus Symbols land in view these hold in place before the reels respin again. This continues until no further Bonus symbols land in view or until a full reel of Bonus Symbols are shown. The player is awarded a number of Spartan Spins based on the number of Bonus Symbols in view. During Spartan Spins the Spartan Streak Wild is always active on reel 3. If any win is created then the Spartan Streak is triggered, playing through in the same way as in the main game. Spartan Spins continue until all spins are used, where the player is awarded the amount shown in the Bonus Winnings display. Spartan Spins cannot be retriggered during Spartan Spins. Auto Play There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to place up to 100 bets automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. (The following additional functions are also applicable depending on jurisdiction) Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Freespins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button Payout Information and Game Rules Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. Wins on different paylines are added. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel (20 lines always active). Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Feature symbols are scatter wins and are awarded when appearing on any position on the reels for any number of played lines (20 lines always active). Multiple scatter features can be won in a single game. Scatter wins are paid in addition to reel wins. Free Spins are played on the same number of lines and bet per line/Total Bet as the triggering game (20 lines always active). MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. This game has a theoretical return to player of 97.048%%. This is based on long term payback. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 or 10,000xBet - whichever is reached first (depending on currency. Other Operator limits may apply). Last modification date: 12/6/2017