Farm Yarn Favourites INTRODUCTION Farm Yarn Favourites is a 5-reel 25-line slot inspired by the creature comforts of the farm. Will you be cuddling up to a big win? Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Click the Stake/Line ▲ and ▼ buttons to increase or decrease the amount of your stake per line. Click the Lines ▲ and ▼ buttons to select the number of lines you wish to play. Click 'SPIN' to start your game. There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. If you wish to cancel this during your auto spins then simply press the Stop Autoplay button. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game. The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 2, 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols (starting from the left) on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. Reel Wins Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. All Wins across all different lines are added together to form the total win. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive lines beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Scatter wins are added to any line wins. Wild Symbol The Wild symbol can be used to help form line wins by substituting for other symbols. Any wild that forms part of a win awards a x2 multiplier (except for wild only wins). The Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except Tractor. The Wild symbol is also a scatter symbol (Scarecrow). Only the highest paying win on each line is paid (for example 3 wild symbols being a win or those symbols being used with another symbol to make a win of 4 symbols will only pay which of those two is the highest). Ba Ba Cash Sheep Bonus 3 or more Tractor Bonus Symbols in view initiates the Ba Ba Cash Sheep Bonus. Move up the trail collecting sheep as you go. The sheep then get sent to the barn to be sheared, where a win is awarded for each sheep. The feature ends when all sheep are in the barn, where you're awarded a total win which is a multiplier of the total bet. Free Spins 3 or more Scarecrow Bonus Symbols in view initiates the Free Spins Bonus. During Free Spins all wins are multiplied by x3. Free spins are played at the same bet as the spin that won the entry to the bonus. Free Spins can be retriggered during the Free Spins Feature. Free Spins continue until all free spins are used, where the player is awarded the amount of the bonus winnings accumulated. Power Play Bet Selecting the Power Play Bet activates multiplying wilds. This gives the chance for improved wins with the wild multiplying any win by up to x10. The Power Play Bet costs an additional 1xBet. Auto Play There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to place up to 100 bets automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. (The following additional functions are also applicable depending on jurisdiction) Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Freespins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. Wins on different paylines are added. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel (Up to 25 lines active). Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Feature symbols are scatter wins and are awarded when appearing on any position on the reels for any number of played lines. Multiple scatter features can be won in a single game. Scatter wins are paid in addition to reel wins. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. RTP 94.61% - 95.39%, Power play 91.17% - 95.64% The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/4/2020