King Kong Cash Scratchcard INTRODUCTION King Kong Cash is a multi-game scratchcard with an additional 'Barrel Bonus' triggered in Game 3. The 'Barrel Bonus' reveals 1 of 4 potential features; 'Mystery Cash Win', 'Free Games', 'King Kong Trail Bonus' and 'Jackpot King'! Step 1: Getting Started Press the 'STAKE ARROWS' to choose a 'Total Stake' between £1 and £20 (or currency equivalent). The 'Maximum Win' attainable will increase relative to the 'Total Stake'. Step 2: How To Play Press 'BUY CARD' to start the game. Scratch Game 1, if your number exceeds Kong's in a column, you win the prize shown. Scratch Game 2, if you match 2 out of 3 values in a column, you win the prize shown. Scratch Game 3, Reveal 3 Kong Symbols to trigger the Barrel Bonus. During Barrel Bonus open one of 3 Barrels to find out what prize you have won! King Kong Trail Bonus Revealing the 'Golden Monkey Idol' during the 'Barrel Bonus' awards the 'King Kong Trail Bonus'. After a short screen transition the player will be presented with the bonus screen. The bonus shall be split into two stages; Stage 1 the 'King Kong Trail Bonus' and Stage 2 the 'King Kong BIG MONEY bonus'. The player will always begin in 'Stage 1', this stage features a sequence of 'Total Bet' multipliers that must be unlocked in ascending order. To begin the player is presented with 4 on-screen barrels and is prompted to "Choose a Barrel", the chosen barrel will reveal one of the following outcomes:- Event Action Advance 1, 2, 3, 4 or 5 Kong will advance along the trail in relation to the number revealed, increasing the 'Total Bet' multiplier with each advance. The player will be prompted again to "Choose a Barrel". Bomb Ends the bonus and pays the current 'Total Bet' multiplier. If Kong advances to the top of the trail, the Player enters the 'King Kong BIG MONEY Bonus' (Stage 2). Here the player is presented with Kong in the centre of the screen surrounded by a carousel of barrels, each displaying a different 'Total Bet' multiplier. The stage also features bananas down the left and right sides of the screen. The Barrels will spin and then come to a stop awarding the corresponding 'Total Bet' multiplier. The player will then be prompted to "Pick a Banana" from the left or right side of the screen, revealing either a Golden Monkey (which respins the barrels and adds to the bonus win) or a Bomb which ends the feature, awarding the player the overall 'Total Bet' multiplier achieved. Jackpot King Deluxe Pot System During any spin there is a chance that the Jackpot King Deluxe Bonus can be triggered by achieving 5 Jackpot King Deluxe overlay symbols on reels 1 to 5. The Jackpot King Deluxe Pot System is available on any stake on any game plugged into the Jackpot King Deluxe System. Spin the reels to accumulate Crown symbols to move up the win ladder. Achieve 15+ Crown symbols to enter the Wheel King section of the feature. After any spin CHOOSE AN ICON to reveal one of the following outcomes: SPIN - spins the reels again, with any additional Crown symbols in view adding to the win ladder. COLLECT – ends the feature with the player being awarded a Bonus Win based on the multiplier of their Total Bet reached on the win ladder. WHEEL KING - reveal this to go directly into the Wheel King round of the feature. Achieving 15+ Crown Symbols during the Jackpot King Deluxe Bonus awards the Wheel King Bonus. The Wheel King Feature is a Tombola style Wheel consisting of Big Win Multiplier segments and Progressive pot segments. Spin the wheel to win either a Big Total Bet Multiplier or a Jackpot. NOTE - The Jackpot King Deluxe Jackpots can only be won during the Wheel King part of the bonus. When a jackpot is won, it is reset to the Reserve amount and begins to rise again. The chances of winning a jackpot increases based on the Jackpot value (Royal and Regal pots are guaranteed to be won by the 'Must Be Won By' value). Simultaneous jackpot wins cannot occur. Should two players appear to win the jackpot at the same time the first player to trigger the jackpot will win the whole jackpot amount, the second player would win the reserve pot plus any further contributions made. In the event of a communication error after a promotional pot win result has been determined and before it has been displayed on screen, the win amount will automatically be transferred to the player's account. While the game is live, the jackpot cannot be terminated. If the game is removed, the outstanding pool amount can be transferred to another jackpot. Jackpots are funded by contributions from the player's stake except for the initial seeds which are funded by the Operator. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. This game has 91,77% RTP which includes a 0.5% jackpot contribution The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 8/28/2020