Jewel Strike INTRODUCTION Jewel Strike is a classic gems-themed slot game with stacked symbols and adjacent pays. This 10 line 5x3 game featuring Colossal Reels and Epic Spins where you can change your stake and eliminate symbols from the reels. Step 1: Getting Started Click '+' and '-' buttons to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL STAKE. Bet between 20p and £25 (or currency equivalent) in the standard game or £1 and £500 (or currency equivalent) in Epic Spins. Click 'SPIN' to start your game. There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. If you wish to cancel this during your auto spins then simply press the Stop Autoplay button which will appear at the top of where the Autoplay button was previously along with the remaining number of spins. Click on the 'PAYTABLE' button in the top bar to view the paytable, which shows the potential winnings for each reel combination, Colossal Reel, Epic Spins, etc. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game. The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols (on adjacent reels) on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. Reel Wins Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. All Wins across all different lines are added together to form the total win. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive adjacent reels. Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Colossal Reel During any spin, there is a chance that the Colossal Reel can be activated. After a brief animation, the reels change to include the Colossal Reel, which is 3 standard reels joined together. The reels continue to spin before stopping, guaranteeing the player a win on all ten winlines. Epic Spins The player can choose to play Epic Spins at any time by pressing the EPIC SPINS button on the left-hand side of the button panel below the reels. They can chose to play at 5x, 10x or 20x their Total Bet. This eliminates symbols from the reels depending on the Epic Bet Selected. The player can change their Epic Bet at any time by pressing the EPIC BET button, as well as being able to return to the standard reels by pressing STANDARD SPINS. Auto Play By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to place up to 25 bets automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP AUTOPLAY' button. Payout Information and Game Rules Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. Wins on different paylines are added. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive adjacent reels (10 lines always active). Only the highest line win is paid on each line. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. This game has a minimum theoretical return to player of 96.097%. This is based on long term payback. Last modification date: 6/4/2020