Fishin' Frenzy Power 4 Slots INTRODUCTION RTP: 96.06% Fishin' Frenzy Power 4 Slots™ is a 5-reel, 10-line, 4 window slot game with Free Games and Super Games that could be the perfect catch! Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. If you wish to cancel this during your auto spins then simply press the Stop Autoplay button. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game. The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 2, 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols (or any fish symbol) starting from the left on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. All 4 windows are active in the main game, with it being possible to win on all 4 windows at once. 3 or more Bonus Scatter symbols in view on a single window will trigger the Fishin' Frenzy Bonus. Pick A Fish to reveal either Free Games or Super Games. Reel Wins Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. All Wins across all different lines are added together to form the total win. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive lines beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Scatter wins are added to any line wins. Wild Symbol The Wild symbol can be used to help form line wins by substituting for other symbols. The Wild symbol cannot substitute for scatter symbols or bonus symbols. Only the highest paying win on each line is paid (for example 3 wild symbols being a win or those symbols being used with another symbol to make a win of 4 symbols will only pay which of those two is the highest). Free Spins During Free Spins the Fisherman Scatter symbol becomes active. On any spin where a Fisherman symbol lands in view, the prize is awarded for each Fish symbol that also lands in view. Free Spins cannot retrigger during the Free Spins Feature. Free Spins continue until all free spins are used, where the player is awarded the amount of the bonus winnings accumulated. Super Spins All 4 windows are active in the Super Spins game, with it being possible to win on all 4 windows at once. During Super Spins the Fisherman Scatter symbol becomes active. On any spin where a Fisherman symbol lands in view, the prize is awarded for each Fish symbol that also lands in view. Super Spins cannot retrigger during the Super Spins Feature. Super Spins continue until all Super Spins are used, where the player is awarded the amount of the bonus winnings accumulated. Auto Play There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to place up to 100 bets automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. (The following additional functions are also applicable depending on jurisdiction) Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Freespins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line (Total Bet is 4x Bet per window). Wins on different paylines are added. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel (10 lines always active on each window). Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Feature symbols are scatter wins and are awarded when appearing on any position on the reels for any number of played lines. Multiple scatter features can be won in a single game. Scatter wins are paid in addition to reel wins. Free Spins and Super Spins are played at the same Bet per window as the triggering spin. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Applicable date from: Day: 31 Month: 03 Year: 2020 WINLINES Last modification date: 5/28/2020