Thundercats INTRODUCTION THUNDER! Thundercats is an epic 5-reel 30-line slot by Blueprint Gaming. Thundercats offers multiple modifiers which can be triggered on any spin, expanding reels up to 8 symbols high as well as 5 incredible Free Spins Bonus rounds! Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click on the 'HELP' button to view the help page, which describes the game play, bonuses etc. How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game. The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols (starting from the left) on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. Matching 3 or more Bonus Symbols on any of the reels triggers the Thunder Bonus. 4 Bonus symbols will eliminate Jackalman from the Thunder Bonus while 5 Bonus symbols will take you directly into Ultimate Thunder. Thunder Bonus Achieving 3 or more Bonus Symbols triggers the Thunder Bonus. The player will then be presented with the Thunder Wheel which is spun to decide the Free Spins round. Players will have the option to gamble their bonus to achieve the next bonus up. Losing gambles result in a mystery cash prize. Ultimate Thunder Spins Landing on the Ultimate Thunder Bonus on the Bonus Wheel or gambling up to it triggers the Ultimate Thunder Bonus. Play through 5 Win Spins with stacked wild reels active. Stacked wilds are on reels 1, 3 and 5, with 8 rows active throughout Free Spins. Mumm-ra Free Spins Landing on the Mumm-ra Free Spins on the Bonus Wheel or gambling up to it triggers the Mumm-ra Free Spins Bonus. Play through 10 Free Spins with any wilds in view collected in the Mumm-ra bank. After all spins are played, the Ever Living Spin is initiated and, on 8 high reels, all the wilds in the Mumm-ra bank are placed back on the reels. If additional wilds are collected during the Ever Living Spin, they are also added. An Additional Ever Living Spin can be retriggered through the wheel spin at the end of the feature. If the player hits collect, the winnings are paid. Slithe Free Spins Landing on the Slithe Free Spins on the Bonus Wheel or gambling up to it triggers the Slithe Free Spins Bonus. Play through 10 Free Spins with sticky wilds. 5 Additional Free Spins can be triggered through a whole stack of sticky wilds appearing on any reel. The feature will end when the player has exceeded their number of Free Spins. Monkian Free Spins Landing on the Monkian Free Spins on the Bonus Wheel or gambling up to it triggers the Monkian Free Spins Bonus. Play through 10 Free Spins with Monkian Zones, which fall from the top of the screen and any which land in view transform into a wild. Additional Free Spins can be triggered through the Thundercats symbol on reel 5. Up to 5 additional Free Spins can be awarded. The feature will end when the player has exceeded their number of Free Spins. Jackalman Free Spins Landing on the Jackalman Free Spins on the Bonus Wheel or gambling up to it triggers the Jackalman Free Spins Bonus. Play through 10 Free Spins with mad Jackal multipliers. Every wild in view increases the multiplier up to x10. Additional Free Spins can be triggered through the Thundercats symbol on reel 5. Up to 5 additional Free Spins can be awarded. The feature will end when the player has exceeded their number of Free Spins. Characters If the special symbol lands in reel 5 this then activates a wheel which spins to another character. The player can then chose to ACTIVATE the character or RESPIN. Lion-O: Lion-O's Sword of Omens in reel 3 will expand and trigger random wilds. Tygra: Any wilds which land in view pay the win, then transform into a stacked mystery symbol. Cheetara: A special Cheetara wild in reel 1 will trigger a mystery streak. Any new wilds that land in view will expand the reels. Panthro: Panthro Reels are active and on any spin reels can link with the symbols super stacked. Reels can expand randomly during Panthro reels. Wily Cat: Two stacked wilds can be triggered on any spin. Any resulting wins are then multiplied by x2. Snarf In any character Snarf can appear. He can turn a loss into a win, or improve a players modifier if a modifier is active. Snarf can also appear and increase the number of Bonus symbols on the reels. This gives the player a higher chance of triggering the Bonus. Thunder Reels During any game, Thunder Reels can be activated. If this happens the reels can expand up to 8 rows high. Auto Play By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to place up to 100 bets automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round. You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. MALFUNCTION VOIDS PAYS AND PLAYS. RTP This game has a theoretical return to player from 95.5%. This is based on long term payback. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 THUNDERCATS and all related characters and elements are trademarks of Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc. and © of Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc and Ted Wolf. (s17) Last modification date: 6/4/2020