Ave Caesar INTRODUCTION Enjoy a comic take on one of history’s most influential figures in Ave Caesar, a 5 reel, 20 payline slot featuring Jackpot King! This trip to ancient Rome comes with plenty of extras including 4 base game modifiers and a quartet of bonus rounds. Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. If you wish to cancel this during your auto spins then simply press the Stop Autoplay button. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game. The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 2, 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols (starting from the left) on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. Reel Wins Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. All Wins across all different lines are added together to form the total win. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive lines beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Scatter wins are added to any line wins. Wild Symbol The Wild(s) symbol can be used to help form line wins by substituting for other symbols. The Wild(s) symbol cannot substitute for scatter symbols or bonus symbols. Only the highest paying win on each line is paid (for example 3 wild symbols being a win or those symbols being used with another symbol to make a win of 4 symbols will only pay which of those two is the highest). BASE GAME MODIFIERS Modifiers can be triggered on any spin. Hannibal’s Heroes feature - The famous general can appear at random. He will summon his army of elephants to the reels. As they march, they drop extra wilds into play. The Gaul feature - A Celtic Gaul will jump on screen and aggravate the crowd who will begin to throw stones. The symbols that these stones land on will then transform into the same matching symbol and a new payout is made. An additional random multiplier can also be awarded. The Ave Caesar feature - When Caesar appears he’ll offer 6 scrolls containing a 5 of a kind win, a big win or 1 of the 4 bonus features. The player is awarded the one that is selected first. Centurion Maximus feature - The Centurion orders his soldiers to drop a banner over the reels. This will reveal a giant 2×2 or 3×3 colossal symbols. BONUS ACTIVATION 3 Bonus Scatter symbols in reels 1, 3 and 5 on the reels awards the Bonus. Which feature you get depends on what Scatter symbol lands on reel 5. Caesar’s Conquests Bonus feature - Caesar goes into tents, conquering pretty women. If he’s successful, you’ll win a cash prize. Keep on picking tents until you reveal the General. The Roman Empire Bonus feature - Choose a location on the ancient map. Your troops will go into battle, winning prizes as they conquer territory. Glory of Rome Free Spins Bonus feature - You’ll be awarded 10 free spins. Each time a wild lands, it will be sticky for up to 3 Free Spins. A special +1 symbol can appear on the 5th reel and awards one extra spin. Druid Free Spins Bonus Feature - A druid will appear with a cauldron which awards up to 10 free spins and one of these features (shown below): -If part of a win Wild symbols will multiply their wins by x2. If more than 1 wild lands on a winline, the multipliers are combined. -The I and II Roman numeral symbols become Wild symbols. -Wild symbols that land in view become sticky wilds until the end of the bonus. -Moving Wild Reel symbol which covers a random reel each spin. Look out for the Potion Special Symbol that can land on reel 5, this can add up to 3 extra free spins, additional wilds, multipliers or an instant cash prizes. Feature Gamble Once the bonus feature is triggered the player can gamble and try and upgrade the feature they've been awarded. If the player gambles and wins, the feature they have gambled to can be collected, with all features below that now eliminated. This continues until the player collects, reaches the top feature (where it awards that feature) or the player lands on the losing segment where they are then awarded a Mystery Win Prize (a mystery cash value based on a multiplier of the player's total bet). The odds of winning during the gamble feature are not necessarily the odds shown. Jackpot King Deluxe Pot System During any spin there is a chance that the Jackpot King Deluxe Bonus can be triggered by achieving 5 Jackpot King Deluxe overlay symbols on reels 1 to 5. The Jackpot King Deluxe Pot System is available on any stake on any game plugged into the Jackpot King Deluxe System. Spin the reels to accumulate Crown symbols to move up the win ladder. Achieve 15+ Crown symbols to enter the Wheel King section of the feature. After any spin CHOOSE AN ICON to reveal one of the following outcomes: SPIN - spins the reels again, with any additional Crown symbols in view adding to the win ladder. COLLECT – ends the feature with the player being awarded a Bonus Win based on the multiplier of their Total Bet reached on the win ladder. WHEEL KING - reveal this to go directly into the Wheel King round of the feature. Achieving 15+ Crown Symbols during the Jackpot King Deluxe Bonus awards the Wheel King Bonus. The Wheel King Feature is a Tombola style Wheel consisting of Big Win Multiplier segments and Progressive pot segments. Spin the wheel to win either a Big Total Bet Multiplier or a Jackpot. NOTE - The Jackpot King Deluxe Jackpots can only be won during the Wheel King part of the bonus. When a jackpot is won, it is reset to the Reserve amount and begins to rise again. The chances of winning a jackpot increases based on the Jackpot value (Royal and Regal pots are guaranteed to be won by the 'Must Be Won By' value). Simultaneous jackpot wins cannot occur. Should two players appear to win the jackpot at the same time the first player to trigger the jackpot will win the whole jackpot amount, the second player would win the reserve pot plus any further contributions made. In the event of a communication error after a promotional pot win result has been determined and before it has been displayed on screen, the win amount will automatically be transferred to the player's account. While the game is live, the jackpot cannot be terminated. If the game is removed, the outstanding pool amount can be transferred to another jackpot. Jackpots are funded by contributions from the player's stake except for the initial seeds which are funded by the Operator. Auto Play There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to place up to 100 bets automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Freespins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button Payout Information and Game Rules Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. Wins on different paylines are added. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel (20 lines always active). Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Feature symbols are scatter wins and are awarded when appearing on reels 1, 3 and 5. Scatter wins are paid in addition to reel wins. Free Spins are played on the same number of lines and bet per line/Total Bet as the triggering game (20 lines always active). MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 RTP This game has 94.03% RTP which includes a 0.5% jackpot contribution Last modification date: 11/3/2020