ThunderCats Reels of Thundera INTRODUCTION Thundercats - Reels of Thundera reinvents the hit 80's TV show into a 5-reel, 20-line slot machine! The game incorporates all your favourite characters, from Lion-O to Mumm-Ra and is filled to the brim with action packed features, bringing the feel of the show to your fingertips. Can you defeat the Ancient Spirits of Evil and walk away with up to 10,000x total bet? Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. If you wish to cancel this during your auto spins then simply press the Stop Autoplay button. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game. The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 2, 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols (starting from the left) on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. 3 or more Bonus Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels awards a Bonus. Reel Wins Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. All Wins across all different lines are added together to form the total win. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive lines beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Scatter wins are added to any line wins. Wild Symbol The Wild(s) symbol can be used to help form line wins by substituting for other symbols. The Wild(s) symbol substitute for all symbols except scatter symbols or bonus symbols. Only the highest paying win on each line is paid (for example 3 wild symbols being a win or those symbols being used with another symbol to make a win of 4 symbols will only pay which of those two is the highest). Wild symbols include: Lion-O Wild, Cheetara Wild, Panthro Wild, Tygra Wild and Wily Twins Wild. Thundercats Modifiers Thundercats Modifiers can be triggered randomly during any spin: Lion-O applies wilds to the reels, greatly improving the chance of a winning combination. Tygra swipes the reels with a chance to turn them Wild, any win will retrigger the modifier. Panthro will strike the reels linking them together to deliver the same symbols. This has a chance to link between 2 to 5 reels. Cheetara dashes over the reels and shuffles all symbols on screen to new positions. This can retrigger up to 5 times. Wily Kit and Wily Kat will apply Mystery Symbols onto the reels, all in view when the reels land will transform into the same symbol. Snarf will apply bonus symbols to the reels, greatly improving the chance of a bonus activation. There are also 4 additional modifiers which can trigger after any losing spin. Cheetara: Dashes past the reels to reveal a 5-of-a-kind win. Cheetara: Dashes past the reels and upgrades symbols to the Thundercats Symbol. Sword of Omens: Slashes the reels eliminating symbols, new symbols then cascade into view. Sword of Omens: Lighting hits the reels to destroy all symbols in view, new symbols then cascade into view. Bonus Activation 3 or more Bonus Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels awards a Bonus. The player will spin the bonus wheel, which will eventually stop on 1 of 6 features, the bonus it lands on will be been awarded. Sight Beyond Sight Triggered by landing on the Sight Beyond Sight segment during the Bonus. Pick an Eye of Thundera to reveal 1 of 4 outcomes: Lion-O (Increases the Cash Multiplier); Thundercats Logo (upgrades the Cash Multiplier values); Mumm-Ra (ends the feature); Thundertank (takes the player to another bonus). If the Thundertank is revealed 3 times then the player can trigger any 1 of the 5 other Bonuses. The Black Pyramid Triggered by landing on The Black Pyramid segment during the Bonus. The player selects from emblems to reveal 1 of 3 outcomes. Lion-O (Moves the player marker along the pyramid); Thundercats Logo (upgrades the Bonus at the top of The Black Pyramid); Mumm-Ra (ends the feature). Landing on an Arrow will move the player up The Black Pyramid, reach the top to activate another feature. The Ever-Living: Free Spins Triggered by landing on The Ever-Living Free Spins segment during the Bonus. A Multiplier will be visible on screen which selects a random value between x2 - x5 each spin, multiplying any reel wins by the chosen value. During any spin, if 2 or more Special Mumm-Ra symbols land in view additional Ever-Living Spins will be awarded. During Ever-Living Spins the multiplier selects a random value between x5 - x10 each spin. Hear The Roar: Free Spins Triggered by landing on the Hear The Roar Free Spins segment during the Bonus. During any spin, if a Special Lion-O symbol lands in view it will upgrade one of the other symbols, indicated by the image next to the reels. This can occur up to 4 times. At the end of Free Spins the player has a chance to win additional Free Spins. Picking an Eye of Thundera will reveal either COLLECT (ends feature) or FREE SPINS (awards extra spins). If the player reveals FREE SPINS then they are awarded up to 5 extra spins. Thundercats Hooo! Free Spins Triggered by landing on the Thundercats Hooo! Free Spins segment during the Bonus. During any spin, any Wild that lands in view will be held in place until the end of the feature. Filling a whole reel with Wilds will award 5 additional Free Spins. Ancient Spirits of Evil Triggered by collecting 5 Bonus symbols, gambling to, or having landed on the Ancient Spirits of Evil segment during the Bonus. The player selects from emblems to reveal 1 of 5 outcomes. Lion-O (Spins the Wheel); Thundercats Logo (Moves the player to the next ring); Mumm-Ra (ends the feature); Red Arrow (adds more Red Arrows to the wheel); Upgrade (increases values on the Wheel). Landing on a Cash Value will replace that section of the Wheel with a Red Arrow. Landing on a Red Arrow will move the player to the next ring. Reaching the centre of the Wheel will award Ultimate Thunder Bonus. Ultimate Thunder Bonus All winnings from Ancient Spirits of Evil will be transferred to Ultimate Thunder. Pick one of the Thundercats to reveal a multiplier which will be applied to your winnings. Feature Gamble Whenever a Feature win is achieved in the game (except for Ancient Spirits of Evil), the player has the option to either COLLECT the feature or Gamble to try and win one of the other features in the game. After the award of the initial Bonus from the wheel spin during the Bonus, the player will be presented with a Gamble screen showing the 6 features from bottom to top, ranked in terms of average payout. If the player gambles and wins, the feature they have gambled to can be collected, with all features below that now eliminated. This continues until the player collects, reaches the top feature (where it awards that feature) or the player lands on the Mystery Win segment during the wheel spin where they are then awarded a Mystery Win Prize (a mystery cash value based on a multiplier of the player's total bet). The odds of winning during the gamble feature are not necessarily the odds shown. Auto Play There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to place up to 100 bets automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Freespins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button Payout Information and Game Rules Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. Wins on different paylines are added. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel (20 Winlines always active). Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Feature symbols are scatter wins and are awarded when appearing on any position on the reels for any number of played lines. Multiple scatter features can be won in a single game. Scatter wins are paid in addition to reel wins. Free Spins are played on the same number of lines and bet per line/Total Bet as the triggering game (20 Winlines always active). MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 WINLINES WINLINES (Thundercats Hooo! Free Spins) Last modification date: 6/4/2020