Irish Frenzy Watch your luck explode and gather gold in Irish Frenzy™! Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click ‘SPIN’ to start your game. There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. If you wish to cancel this during your auto spins then simply press the Stop Autoplay button. Step 2: How To Play Press ‘SPIN’ to start the game. The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 2, 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols (or any Pot symbol) starting from the left on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. 3 or more Bonus Scatter symbols in view will trigger the Free Spins Bonus. Free Spins Achieving 3 or more Bonus Symbols anywhere in view awards the Bonus. During Free Spins the Leprechaun Scatter symbol becomes active. On any spin where a Leprechaun symbol lands in view, the prize is awarded for each Pot symbol that also lands in view. Free Spins cannot retrigger during the Free Spins Feature. Free Spins continue until all free spins are used, where the player is awarded the amount of the bonus winnings accumulated. Free Spins are played automatically at the same number of lines and bet per line as the initiating game. Free Spins Frenzy Bonus Bet (depending on Operator configuration) The Free Spins Frenzy Bonus Bet can be activated during the Base Game Once activated the reels will spin and guarantee a minimum of 3 Scatter Symbols on the reels, activating Free Spins Free Spins Frenzy Bonus Bet is played at 70x Total Bet Auto Play There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting ‘AUTOPLAY’ you can choose to place up to 100 bets automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the ‘AUTOPLAY’ button to select the number of ‘Autoplay’ bets you want to play. (The following additional functions are also applicable depending on jurisdiction) Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Freespins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the ‘STOP’ button Malfunction voids plays and pays. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Return to player for this game is 96.12%. WINLINES