King Kong Cash Jackpot King INTRODUCTION RTP: 95.01% + 0.5% JPK King Kong Cash Jackpot King is a 5-reel 20-line slot which is pure monkey madness. The game has 4 Kongtastic features as well as the BIG MON K EY, where you can win up to 1000xTotal Bet - top bananas! Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Bet from 20p up to £500 (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent) by selecting from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options. Click 'SPIN' to start your game. There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. If you wish to cancel this during your auto spins then simply press the Stop Autoplay button which will appear at the top of where the Autoplay button was previously along with the remaining number of spins. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game. The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 2, 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols (starting from the left) on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. 3 or more Bonus Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels awards The King Kong Bonus. Spinning the wheel and landing on Barrel Blast during the King Kong Bonus awards the Barrel Blast Bonus. Spinning the wheel and landing on King Kong Trail during the King Kong Bonus awards the King Kong Trail Bonus. Spinning the wheel and landing on Empire Free Spins during the King Kong Bonus awards the Empire Free Spins Bonus. Spinning the wheel and landing on Golden Kong Free Spins during the King Kong Bonus awards the Golden Kong Free Spins Bonus. Spinning the wheel and landing on BIG MON K EY during the King Kong Bonus awards the BIG MON K EY Bonus. Reel Wins Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. All Wins across all different lines are added together to form the total win. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive lines beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Scatter wins are added to any line wins. Wild Symbol The Wild(s) symbol can be used to help form line wins by substituting for other symbols. The Wild(s) symbol cannot substitute for scatter symbols or bonus symbols. Only the highest paying win on each line is paid (for example 3 wild symbols being a win or those symbols being used with another symbol to make a win of 4 symbols will only pay which of those two is the highest). Wild symbols include: Banana Cannon Wilds, Empire Spin Roaming Wilds, and Standard Wilds. Sleepy Kong If Kong wakes from his slumber during any game there is a chance the Sleepy Kong Bonus can be triggered. Kong will leap from his throne, where he can and award one of the following features: - Banana Cannon Wilds - Whilst the reels spin Kong shall jump up from his throne with a banana cannon and fire a sticky banana bomb at the centre reel position, which then explodes turning additional positions wild. After any wins have been processed occasionally Kong shall jump up and smash the ground causing the reels to respin holding any wilds in position. - Golden Barrel Super Spin - Whilst the reels spin, Kong will awaken from his slumber and throw a Golden Barrel at the centre of the reels. This causes an explosion over the top of the reels which adds a number of Golden Barrels to the reels. Once the reels have landed all the golden barrels in view shall explode and reveal the same symbol. - King Kong Spin Streak - Once the reels have stopped and presented a combination of winning symbols occasionally Kong can jump up from his throne and begin beating the reels with a wooden mallet. This will cause the reels to respin holding the trigger symbols in position. This will continue until the win is not improved. - Bonus Boost - Similar to Golden Barrel Super Spin – Rather than adding a number of Golden Barrels to the reels the explosion will add a number of additional bonus symbols to the reels. This significantly increases the chance of triggering the bonus on that spin. Bonus Activation The player enters the bonus by achieving 3 or more bonus symbols anywhere in view. There is no payout awarded directly for getting this, just entry to one of the bonus rounds. There will be 5 unique bonuses which will be determined by the King Kong Bonus. The player will spin the wheel, which after spinning will stop on one of 5 features, revealing the bonus that has been awarded. Barrel Blast Bonus Triggered by landing on the Barrel Blast segment of the wheel during the King Kong Bonus. After a short transition, a scene will be shown with a number of Barrels on screen along with a winplan to the left. The player selects barrels to reveal an item. Each item will match up to a total bet multiplier, which is paid for matching 3 of the same item. Additionally, revealing a special icon will upgrade the total bet multipliers, and collecting 3 Golden Monkeys shall award the King Kong Cash BIG MON K EY Bonus. King Kong Trail Bonus After a short screen transition the player will be presented with a secondary bonus screen that is themed on the retro platform game. The bonus shall be split into two stages; Stage 1 is a multiplier trail up the levels to the King Kong Cash BIG MON K EY Bonus (stage 2). The player always begins in stage 1 and is required to select barrels in order to advance along the trail increasing the total bet multiplier. Selecting the barrels will reveal one of the following positive or negative outcomes:- Event Action Advance 1, 2, 3, 4 or 5 Will action Kong to move up the trail by the corresponding number of Windows. Golden Monkey Takes the player directly to the King Kong Cash BIG MONKEY Bonus part of the feature. Bomb Ends the bonus and pays the current total bet multiplier. If the King Kong Cash BIG MON K EY Bonus end game is reached, Kong enters the big money end game. Here the player is presented with Kong in the centre of the screen surrounded by a carousel of barrels along with bananas down the left and right sides of the screen. The Barrels will spin and then come to a stop awarding the corresponding total bet multiplier. The player will then be prompted to pick a banana from either side of the carousel, revealing either a Golden Monkey (which respins the barrels and adds to the bonus win) or a Bomb which ends the feature, awarding the player the overall Total Bet Multiplier achieved. Empire Free Spins Triggered by landing on the Empire Free Spins segment of the wheel during the King Kong Bonus. A screen transition will occur and the player will be taken to a new destination, the top of the Empire State Building with multiple reels in view. The screen will start at the top, before the screen pans down the other reel sets, which display the reels, and a side banner detailing the upgrade for that reel set. The player is then presented with the bottom level. Here the player will play out their set of free spins on this reel set. The object of the Free Spins round is to collect Golden Monkeys which appear randomly on the reel symbols. By collecting a number of Golden Monkeys this then advances the player up to the next reel set. The further the player levels up, the more powerful the upgrade awarded. As the player gets higher up, additional spins are awarded. Free Spins continue until all spins are used where the player is awarded the amount displayed in Bonus Winnings. Additional free spins are awarded each time the player completes a level. Golden Kong Free Spins Triggered by landing on the Golden Kong Free Spins segment of the wheel during the King Kong Bonus. Golden Kong Free Spins are played out on a 5x4 reel format with 40 win lines and a fixed amount of Free Spins. After each spin if any special wild symbols land in view a wild bank panel situated on the right-hand side of the screen will be incremented by the corresponding number of wilds. Once the initial round of Free Spins end the player will then be awarded a series of ‘Wild Spins’. Wild Spins play out on the same reel set and during each spin the accumulated number of wilds shall be placed randomly on to the reels. After a spin ends the player will be presented with 3 barrels over the top of the reels and prompted to select a barrel revealing either a Golden Donkey (Spins the reels again with the wilds shuffled to new positions) or a Bomb which ends the feature. Golden Kong Free Spins cannot be retriggered during Golden Kong Free Spins. During Wild Spins, additional spins may be awarded. Feature Gamble Whenever a Feature win is achieved in the game, the player has the option to either COLLECT the feature or Gamble to try and win one of the other features in the game (except for BIG MON K EY Bonus). After the award of the initial Bonus from the wheel spin during the King Kong Bonus, the player will be presented with a Gamble screen showing the 5 features from bottom to top, ranked in terms of average payout. The feature the player has won will be shown to the player with the words COLLECT and GAMBLE shown on the feature panel in the centre of the screen. If the player gambles and win, the feature they have gambled to can be collected, with all features below that now eliminated. This continues until the player collects, reached the top feature (where it awards that feature) or the player lands on the Mystery Win segment during the wheel spin where they are then awarded a Mystery Win Prize (a mystery cash value based on a multiplier of the player's total bet). Jackpot King Deluxe Pot System During any spin there is a chance that the Jackpot King Deluxe Bonus can be triggered by achieving Jackpot King Deluxe overlay symbols on reels 1 to 5. The Jackpot King Deluxe Pot System is available on any stake on any game plugged into the Jackpot King Deluxe System. Spin the reels to accumulate Crown symbols to move up the win ladder. Achieve 15+ Crown symbols to enter the Wheel King section of the feature. After any spin CHOOSE AN ICON to reveal one of the following outcomes: SPIN - spins the reels again, with any additional Crown symbols in view adding to the win ladder. COLLECT – ends the feature with the player being awarded a Bonus Win based on the multiplier of their Total Bet reached on the win ladder. WHEEL KING - reveal this to go directly into the Wheel King round of the feature. Achieving 15+ Crown Symbols during the Jackpot King Deluxe Bonus awards the Wheel King Bonus. The Wheel King Feature is a Tombola Wheel consisting of Big Win Multiplier segments and Progressive pot segments. Spin the wheel to win either a Big Total Bet Multiplier or a Jackpot. NOTE - The Jackpot King Deluxe Jackpots can only be won during the Wheel King part of the bonus. When a jackpot is won, it is reset to the Reserve amount and begins to rise again. The chances of winning a jackpot increases based on the Jackpot value (Royal and Regal pots are guaranteed to be won by the 'Must Be Won By' value). Simultaneous jackpot wins cannot occur. Should two players appear to win the jackpot at the same time the first player to trigger the jackpot will win the whole jackpot amount, the second player would win the reserve pot plus any further contributions made. In the event of a communication error after a promotional pot win result has been determined and before it has been displayed on screen, the win amount will automatically be transferred to the player's account. While the game is live, the jackpot cannot be terminated. If the game is removed, the outstanding pool amount can be transferred to another jackpot. Jackpots are funded by contributions from the player's stake except for the initial seeds which are funded by the Operator. Auto Play There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to place up to 100 bets automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. (The following additional functions are also applicable depending on jurisdiction) Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Freespins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button Payout Information and Game Rules Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. Wins on different paylines are added. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel (20 lines always active except Golden Kong Free Spins where 40 winlines are always active). Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Feature symbols are scatter wins and are awarded when appearing on any position on the reels for any number of played lines. Multiple scatter features can be won in a single game. Scatter wins are paid in addition to reel wins. Free Spins are played on the same number of lines and bet per line/Total Bet as the triggering game (20 lines always active except Golden Kong Free Spins where 40 winlines are always active). The odds of winning during the gamble feature are not necessarily the odds shown. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 6/4/2020