Eye of Horus Megaways INTRODUCTION RTP: 95.49% Start your journey through ancient Egypt with Eye of Horus MEGAWAYS™. Let the Egyptian God Horus transform your life in Eye of Horus MEGAWAYS™! Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. If you wish to cancel this during your auto spins then simply press the Stop Autoplay button. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game. The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 3, 4, 5 or 6 matching symbols starting from the left on any of the MEGAWAYS™, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. 3 or more Bonus Scatter symbols in view will trigger the Free Spins Bonus. During free spins the Horus symbol landing on the reel will upgrade the tablets and award extra spins. MEGAWAYS™ Each reel can reveal up to 5 symbols in view. Each spin can have up to 15,625 ways to win. A win is matching consecutive symbols, regardless of height, from left to right starting from the left most reel. All winning combinations are added together. Payouts are multiplied by stake. MEGAWAYS™ under licence from Big Time Gaming. Wild Symbol The Horus Wild symbol expands to cover all reel positions and can be used to help form line wins by substituting for other symbols. The Wild symbol cannot substitute for scatter symbols or bonus symbols. Free Spins Achieving 3 or more Bonus Symbols anywhere in view awards 12 free spins. During free spins each Horus Wild will upgrade the tablets in order as shown on the top of the game screen. In addition 1, 2, 3 or 4 Horus Wilds awards an additional 1, 3, 5 or 7 free spins respectively. Free Spins continue until all free spins are used, where the player is awarded the amount of the bonus winnings accumulated. Auto Play There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to place up to 100 bets automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. (The following additional functions are also applicable depending on jurisdiction) Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Freespins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Last modification date: 12/27/2021