Eye of Dead INTRODUCTION RTP: 96.31% Follow Doctor Wild and his journey through the sands of Ancient Egypt in search of the Eye of Anubis - otherwise known as the Eye Of Dead - set in the very heart of the Valley Of Kings. Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. If you wish to cancel this during your auto spins then simply press the Stop Autoplay button. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game. The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols starting from the left on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. 3 or more Bonus Scatter symbols in view will trigger the Free Spins Bonus. During free spins the Wild symbol landing on the reel will upgrade the symbols and award extra spins. Reel Wins All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive lines beginning with the far left reel. All Wins across all different lines are added together to form the total win. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive lines beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Scatter wins are added to any line wins. Wild Symbol The Wild symbol expands to cover all 3 reel positions and can be used to help form line wins by substituting for other symbols. The Wild symbol cannot substitute for scatter symbols or bonus symbols. Free Spins Achieving 3 or more Bonus Symbols anywhere in view awards 12 free spins. During free spins each Wild will upgrade the top symbols in order as shown on the top of the game screen. In addition 1, 2 or 3 Wild in view awards an additional 1, 3 or 5 free spins respectively. Free Spins continue until all free spins are used, where the player is awarded the amount of the bonus winnings accumulated. Premium Play Dependent on price of play, the player can choose to change base game symbols into other symbols which are active in the main game and free games. Level 1: Scarab symbol changed to Canopic Jar symbol during the main game and free games. Level 2: Scarab and Canopic Jar symbols changed to Bird symbol during the main game and free games. Level 3: Scarab, Canopic Jar and Bird symbols changed to Anubis symbol during the main game and free games. Level 4: Scarab, Canopic Jar, Bird and Anubis symbols changed to Golden Mask symbol during the main game and free games. Auto Play There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to place up to 100 bets automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. (The following additional functions are also applicable depending on jurisdiction) Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Freespins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel (10 lines always active). Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Wins on different paylines are added. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel (10 lines always active). Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Feature symbols are scatter wins and are awarded when appearing on any position on the reels for any number of played lines. Scatter wins are paid in addition to reel wins. Free Spins are played on the same number of lines and bet per line/Total Bet as the triggering game (10 lines always active). The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 WINLINES Last modification date: 12/27/2021