Ghost Slider INTRODUCTION Beware when the witching hour strikes midnight! Dive into the mysterious world full of castles and ghosts and be prepared for a spooktacular event during the free spin game, which is crowded with phantoms! Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on operator configuration and currency). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. If you wish to cancel this during your auto spins then simply press the Stop Autoplay button. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game. The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols (starting from the left) on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. All symbols forming part of a win disappear after the win evaluation, and are replaced by the symbols dropping in from above, where any new wins are awarded. This continues until no new wins are formed. Reel Wins Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. All Wins across all different lines are added together to form the total win. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive lines beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Wild Symbols The Wild symbols (Ghost1, Ghost2 and Ghost3) can be used to help form line wins by substituting for other symbols. The Wild symbols cannot substitute for scatter symbols or bonus symbols. Only the highest paying win on each line is paid (for example 3 wild symbols being a win or those symbols being used with another symbol to make a win of 4 symbols will only pay which of those two is the highest). Free Spins Bonus Achieving 4 or more win repetitions will start the Free Spins bonus. Up to 50 Free Spins can be awarded depending on the number of win repetitions. Additional Free Spins are awarded if 4 or more win repetitions are achieved during the same Free Spin. Free Spins continue until no Free Spins are remaining, where the player is awarded the amount shown in the Bonus Winnings panel. Auto Play There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to place up to 100 bets automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. (The following additional functions are also applicable depending on jurisdiction) Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Freespins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button Payout Information and Game Rules Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. Wins on different paylines are added. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel (10 lines always active). Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Free Spins are played on the same number of lines and bet per line/Total Bet as the triggering game (10 lines always). MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 RTP: This is based on long term payback, price of play and win capping where applicable. Last modification date: 6/4/2020