Luck O the Leprechaun: Pub Fruit Series INTRODUCTION Luck O' The Leprechaun is a 5-reel, 5-line slot inspired by the classic pub fruits. Step 1: Getting Started Click the STAKE button to increase or decrease the amount of your STAKE. Select from the list of available stakes from the STAKE options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'START' to start your game. There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. If you wish to cancel this during your auto spins then simply press the Stop Autoplay button. Step 2: How To Play Press 'START' to start the game. The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols (wins pays adjacent) on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. Collecting any numbers on the reels increases the trail amount. Any more than 8 triggers the SUPER BOARD while getting 4 on the trail triggers the BONUS. Triggering the BONUS will cause a dapple awarding either: Stopper: This causes a Stopper, highlighting different locations around the board and wherever it lands is awarded to the player. Boost: This boosts the player further down the trail. Win Spin: The reels spin to a prize. Respin: Awards a respin of the reels. Shot Climb: 3 Shots given to climb the trail ladder. Add Again: Adds the numbers that landed in during that spin again then a repeat YES/NO is given. Triggering the SUPER BOARD will initiate the top game. From this point a series of Features and Cash prizes can be won by moving around the board dictated to by the number in the middle of the board. The Trail Bonus awards one of the following: Feature+: Increases the feature board on the left. Cash+: Increases the cash board on the right. Heart: Collect three to award an extra life. Cash Out: Forces the player out of the Trail Bonus with a dapple which awards a prize or lose. Lucky Spin: Spins the Lucky Spin number reel for the Super Trail. Bonus: Awards a Bonus. Mystery: Awards a mystery outcome. Multi Add: Awards multiple extra prizes at once. Chest: Awards a Streak Chest which can be collected to award a win streak. Features There are 16 features possible, all in view on the left hand side of the game. Upon being collected they will apply the following action: POTS O' GOLD - The game transitions to a POTS O' GOLD screen with 10 pots displaying multiplier values. The values spin and land on a value. The player then picks a Lucky Charm to either spin again, collect or upgrade some or all of the values on the pots. REELS O' FORTUNE - The base reels shall spin to a win then a repeat YES/NO is given. If yes, the reels spin to another win. PADDY'S PAYDAY - The player picks from the Chests to reveal a cash prize. Continues until the player reveals COLLECT from a chest. TOP O' THE MORNING - The top 7 values dapple on the cash ladder. The player presses start to stop the dapple and is awarded the corresponding prize. A repeat YES/NO is then awarded on that prize. IRISH RICHES - All the values dapple on the cash ladder. The player presses start to stop the dapple and is awarded the corresponding prize. A repeat YES/NO is then awarded, if yes another cash value is awarded. CHEST THE JOB - The game brings up 3 Chests which the player picks from to reveal CLIMB 1, 2, 3 or collect. Revealing a climb will advance up the cash ladder. LUCK O' THE IRISH - The number reel will spin and stop which moves the player the corresponding number up the cash ladder. A COLLECT/SPIN is then awarded, if SPIN another cash value is awarded. GAELIC GOLD - Brings up 3 Gold Pots and the player picks one to reveal a prize. LEPRECHAUN LUCK - The number reel will spin and stop which moves the player the corresponding number up the cash ladder. A repeat YES/NO is then awarded. CLOVER CLIMBER - The player Hi-Lo gambles up the cash ladder until they lose the gamble. SHOTS O' LUCK - 3 Shots given to climb the cash ladder. CRAIC SHOT - The base game reels spin and stop. The numbers in view climb the cash ladder by the corresponding number of segments. LUCKY CHARMS - Brings up 3 Lucky Charms and the player picks one to reveal a prize. GAELIC GAMBLE - A gamble up/down on the cash ladder. POT SHOT - The player picks from 3 Bronze Pots to reveal a prize. WIN SPIN - The base game reels shall spin to a winning combination. Super Trail During The Super Board, landing on Lucky Spin will move the player up the Super Trail by the number revealed, potentially awarding one of the following: Pot: Awards a random prize of a cashpot add or the Pots O' Gold feature. Win Spins: If collected, awards a number of winning spins. Super Spin: Awards a winning spin of the reels, with the win added to the cashpot. Heart: Collect three to award an extra life. Cash Blasts: If collected, awards a number of shots at the cash ladder. Chest: Awards a Streak Chest which can be collected to award a win streak. During the Super Trail there are also two special feature positions that award the following: Chests O' Plenty The feature consists of 20 chests along with a list of outcomes down the left and right sides of the screen. Choose a chest before other chests are revealed, eliminating some of the values. Once a certain number of chests are eliminated, a cash offer will be made. TAKE IT and end the feature with the amount offered, or LEAVE IT and eliminate more chests to try and win a bigger prize. Play until an offer is taken or you reach the end and are awarded a final prize. Nags T' Riches Spin the Lucky Reel to advance around the board increasing the total bet multiplier. The Lucky Reel can reveal one of the following outcomes: Advance 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 or 6 - Move around the track by the corresponding number of positions. Collect - Ends the bonus and pays the current total bet multiplier. If the POTS O' GOLD is awarded, then you enter the POTS O' GOLD feature. The feature continues until you land on Collect or enter the POTS O' GOLD Bonus. Auto Play There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to place up to 100 bets automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. (The following additional functions are also applicable depending on jurisdiction) Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Freespins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button Payout Information and Game Rules Line wins are multiplied by the players total bet. Wins on different paylines are added. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive adjacent reels (5 lines always active). Only the highest line win is paid on each line. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Translations of Game Terminology Note: The following is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Wild Wild Info Info Stake Stake Auto Auto Scatter Scatter Bonus Bonus Winlines Winlines Of A Kind Of A Kind All Wins Pay Adjacent All Wins Pay Adjacent The theoretical return to player of this game is 96.57% . The maximum win from a single game is £250,000