Deal or No Deal Lightning Spins INTRODUCTION Deal Or No Deal: Lightning Spins™ is a 5x3 online slot based on the truly iconic gameshow, featuring the Deal Or No Deal bonus round and Lightning Spins. 6 or more MONEY Symbols in view awards Lightning Spins and a chance to win the Jackpot! RTP: 95.55% + JP 0.25% + 0.25% reserve Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. If you wish to cancel this during your auto spins then simply press the Stop Autoplay button. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game. The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 2, 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols (starting from the left) on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. 3 Bonus Scatter symbols in view will trigger the Deal Or No Deal Bonus. 6 MONEY Scatter Symbols in view awards Lightning Spins. Wild Symbol The Wild Symbol can be used to help form wins by substituting for other symbols excluding scatter symbols. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. BONUS Scatter The BONUS Scatter Symbol can only appear on reel 1, 3 and 5. BONUS Scatter wins are awarded in addition to reel wins. 3 Bonus Scatter symbols in view will trigger the Deal Or No Deal Bonus. Deal Or No Deal After a short screen transition the player will be presented with the Deal Or No Deal Studio, with different cash prizes. The player chooses a lucky box then plays a real game of Deal Or No Deal against the banker. At the end of every round he will make an offer and it is up to the player to Deal Or No Deal. If at any point the Deal is taken, there is a chance the Banker can award Lightning Spins in addition to the cash offer. Lightning Spins are played out after the Deal Or No Deal feature. MONEY Scatter (Red Box) MONEY Scatter Symbols can appear on any reel, in any position. MONEY Scatter wins are awarded in addition to reel wins. 6 MONEY Scatter Symbols in view awards Lightning Spins. Lightning Spins At the start of Lightning Spins the triggering MONEY Scatter Symbols will be held in place. All other positions will spin using special Lightning Spins reels which only contain MONEY Scatter Symbols or blank symbols. The player has 3 spins to be awarded additional MONEY Scatter Symbols in view. Landing a MONEY Scatter Symbol in view will reset the Spins Remaining to 3. Blank Symbols have no value. Landing only blank symbols 3 times in a row, or filling every position with MONEY Scatter Symbols will end Lightning Spins. At the end of Lightning Spins, the total winnings will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited to the players account and regular play then resumes. Landing any CASHPOT MONEY SYMBOL (MINI, MAJOR or MEGA) in view will award that pot value. Fill every window position during Lightning Spins to be awarded the JACKPOT! Lightning Spins Gold Lightning Spins Gold is awarded by revealing the Lightning Spins Gold feature in your box when playing to the end of the Deal Or NO Deal feature. The player has 3 spins to be awarded MONEY Scatter Symbols in view. Landing a MONEY Scatter Symbol in view will add the win to the Lightning Win panel. Every MONEY Scatter Symbol will add to the Lightning Win regardless of the number that land in view and do not hold over between spins. At the end of Lightning Spins Gold, the total winnings will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited to the players account and regular play then resumes. Landing any CASHPOT MONEY SYMBOL (MINI, MAJOR or MEGA) in view will award that pot value. Progressive Jackpot The Progressive Jackpot is available on any stake. When the jackpot is won, it is reset to the Reserve amount and begins to rise again. Simultaneous jackpot wins cannot occur. Should two players appear to win the jackpot at the same time the first player to trigger the jackpot will win the whole jackpot amount, the second player would win the reserve pot plus any further contributions made. In the event of a communication error after a pot win result has been determined and before it has been displayed on screen, the win amount will automatically be transferred to the player's account. While the game is live, the jackpot cannot be terminated. If the game is removed, the outstanding pool amount can be transferred to another jackpot. Jackpots are funded by contributions from the player's stake except for the initial seeds which are funded by the Operator. Auto Play There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to place up to 100 bets automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play.(The following additional functions are also applicable depending on jurisdiction) Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Freespins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Last modification date: 11/3/2020