Gods of Olympus Megaways INTRODUCTION Rise like the immortals of ancient Greece in this epic Megaways™ slot, featuring multiple modifiers and almighty Free Spins rounds. Step 1: Getting Started Press the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. If you wish to cancel this during your auto spins, press the Stop Autoplay button. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game. The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 2, 3, 4, 5 or 6 matching symbols (starting from the left most reel) on any of the MEGAWAYS™, then you win. Any winnings you have will be highlighted and displayed to the player. Winnings will be credited to your account balance. Zeus Power Spins On any spin Zeus can appear and award one of five modifiers; Bonus Thunder - Bonus Symbols are added to the reels for an increased chance of triggering the Bonus. Wild Thunder - Multiplying Wild Symbols are added to the reels. Colossal Thunder - Up to 6 reels will be converted into a colossal reel. Mystery Thunder - Mystery symbols are added to all 6 reels. Respin Thunder - Winning symbols are held in position as the reels respin. This continues until no new winning symbols land in view. MEGAWAYS™ Each reel can reveal up to 5 symbols in view. Each spin can have up to 15,625 ways to win. A win is matching consecutive symbols, regardless of height, from left to right starting from the left most reel. All winning combinations are added together. Payouts are multiplied by stake. MEGAWAYS™ under licence from Big Time Gaming. Wild Symbol The Wild Symbol can appear in reels 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6. The Wild Symbol can be used to help form wins by substituting for other symbol excluding scatter symbols. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. Scatter The Scatter Symbol can appear in any of the reels. 3 Scatter Symbols in view awards the Bonus with 10 Free Spins. 4 Scatter Symbols awards 12 Free Spins, 5 Scatter Symbols awards 15 Free Spins and 6 Scatter Symbols awards 20 Free Spins. Scatter wins are awarded in addition to reel wins. Triggering the Bonus will award Bonus Thunder. Here the player will pick one of four artifacts to reveal one of four Free Spins rounds. Wild Storm Free Spins During Wild Storm Free Spins, special Thunderbolt overlays are active on reels 1 and 6. Any Thunderbolt overlays which lands in view turn any corresponding symbols on reels 2,3, 4 and 5 into wilds. Accumulating 3 Scatter symbols awards increases the minimum number of Megaways and awards 2 extra Free Spins. The stake that was used to trigger the Free Spins will be used for the Free Spins duration. At the end of Free Spins, the total winnings for the spins will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited to the players account and regular play then resumes. Rise Of Olympus Free Spins During Rise Of Olympus Free Spins there is an Unlimited Win Multiplier which increases by 1 every time a wild lands in view on reels 2, 3, 4 or 5. During Free Spins accumulating wilds in increments of 5 awards 2 extra Free Spins. The stake that was used to trigger the Free Spins will be used for the Free Spins duration. At the end of Free Spins, the total winnings for the spins will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited to the players account and regular play then resumes. Colossal Free Spins During Colossal Free Spins a two high roaming wild is active. When the wild stops, it turns those corresponding reel positions wild. Accumulating 3 Scatter symbols awards increases the size of roaming wild and awards 2 extra Free Spins. The stake that was used to trigger the Free Spins will be used for the Free Spins duration. At the end of Free Spins, the total winnings for the spins will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited to the players account and regular play then resumes. Almighty Wild Free Spins Free Spins begin with x2 and x3 wild multipliers active. Accumulating 3 Scatter symbols will upgrade the wild multipliers and award 2 extra spins. The stake that was used to trigger the Free Spins will be used for the Free Spins duration. At the end of Free Spins, the total winnings for the spins will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited to the players account and regular play then resumes. Auto Play There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to place up to 100 bets automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Free Spins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Power Spins Bonus Bet (depending on Operator configuration) Play the Power Spins Bonus Bet to automatically trigger Zeus Powers Spins. The Power Spins Bonus Bet will cost 50x the players stake. Bonus Guarantee Bet (depending on Operator configuration) Play the Bonus Guarantee Bet to automatically trigger 3 or more Bonus (scatter) symbols for direct access into Bonus Thunder. Pick 1 of 4 artifacts to reveal your Free Spins round. The Bonus Guarantee Bet will cost 100x the players stake. Translations of Game Terminology Note: The following is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Wild Wild Divine Win Divine Win Glorious Win Glorious Win Colossal Win Colossal Win Legendary Win Legendary Win Scatter Scatter Bonus Bonus RTP - 96.03 Payout Information and Game Rules The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS.