Deal or No Deal Go All the Way INTRODUCTION Deal Or No Deal: Go All The Way is a 5-reel 5-line slot inspired by the classic pub fruits. The game has 16 features and a range of cash prizes to be won as well as the classic Deal or No Deal game. Will you have what it takes to Go All The Way? Step 1: Getting Started Click the STAKE button to increase or decrease the amount of your STAKE. Select from the list of available stakes from the STAKE options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'START' to start your game. There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. If you wish to cancel this during your auto spins then simply press the Stop Autoplay button. Step 2: How To Play Press 'START' to start the game. The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols (wins pays adjacent) on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. Collecting any numbers on the reels increases the trail amount. Any more than 8 triggers the SUPER BOARD while getting 4 on the trail triggers the BONUS. Triggering the BONUS will cause a dapple awarding either: Stopper: This causes a Stopper, highlighting different locations around the board and wherever it lands is awarded to the player. Boost: This boosts the player further down the trail. Win Spin: The reels spin to a prize. Triggering the SUPER BOARD Trail will initiate the top game. From this point a series of Features and Cash prizes can be won. Gamble on one of the three Hi Lo reels to win Features, Cash or a move around the Trail Bonus Board. The Trail Bonus Board awards one of the following: Feature+: Increases the feature board on the left. Cash+: Increases the cash board on the right. Free Spin: Awards an additional Free Spin. Winnings are put into the cashpot. Phone: Collect three or more to Enter the Deal or No Deal Bonus. Bonus: Awards a Bonus. Multi Add: Awards features, cash, adds to cashpot or extra telephones. Box 23: Pick a box to reveal a prize. Trail Run: Awards features, cash, adds to cashpot or extra telephones by moving around the board. Features There are 16 features possible, all in view on the left hand side of the game. Upon being collected they will apply the following action: BIG MONEY - The game transitions to a big money screen with 10 gold boxes displaying values ranging from 100 to 1000 x Bet. The values begin to shuffle about as the boxes close. After all the boxes have closed the player is prompted to select a gold box and win the corresponding prize. POWERPLAY - The base reels shall spin to a win then a repeat YES/NO is given. If yes, the reels spin to another win. BIG SHOT - The top 5 values dapple of the cash ladder. The player presses start to stop the dapple and is awarded the corresponding prize. BANK ON IT - A random dapple across the 3 numbers on the Hi Lo Reels which awards the corresponding number of Cash Knockouts. The knockouts will climb the ladder incrementally. CASH COMBO - All the values dapple on the cash ladder. The player presses start to stop the dapple and is awarded the corresponding prize. A repeat YES/NO is then awarded, if yes another cash value is awarded. STAR PRIZE - The game brings up 3 blue boxes which the player picks from to reveal CLIMB 1, 2, 3 or collect. Revealing a climb will advance up the cash ladder. BIG REDS - A random dapple across the Red DOND values. The player presses spin to stop the dapple and wins the corresponding prize. MONEY MAKER - The Hi Lo Reels spins and player presses spin to stop. The 3 numbers are then added together and paid (i.e. 1 + 4 + 2 = 7 x bet) CASH VAULT - A random dapple across the 3 numbers on the Hi Lo Reels which awards the corresponding number of knockouts on the DOND values. BOX CLEVER - Brings up 3 DOND red boxes and the player picks one to reveal a prize. CRAZY CASH - The base game reels spin and the player presses SPIN to stop the reels. The numbers in view climb the cash ladder by the corresponding number of segments.. POWER 5 - 5 Shots given to climb the cash ladder. MONEY BOX - Brings up 3 blue boxes and the player picks one to reveal a prize. TURBO GAMBLE - A gamble up/down on the cash ladder. HOT SHOT - A random dapple across the blue DOND boxes. The player presses spin to stop the dapple and wins the corresponding prize. A repeat YES/No will be given on the win. CHERRY WIN - The base game reels shall spin to a winning Cherry combination. Deal or No Deal Collecting 3 Deal or No Deal telephones whilst travelling around the Trail Bonus Board will activate the Deal or No Deal Feature. Once active the player can choose to enter the Deal or No Deal Feature or play on with the chance to upgrade the Deal or No Deal bonus. Collecting 5 telephones activates Super Deal or No Deal where the bottom 5 paddles are eliminated from play and collecting 6 telephones activates Mega Deal or No Deal where all the blue paddles are eliminated. Auto Play There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to place up to 100 bets automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. (The following additional functions are also applicable depending on jurisdiction) Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Freespins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button Payout Information and Game Rules Line wins are multiplied by the players total bet. Wins on different paylines are added. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive adjacent reels (5 lines always active). Only the highest line win is paid on each line. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 RTP : The Return to Player for this game is 97.36%. Last modification date: 6/4/2020