Rick and Morty Wubba Lubba Dub Dub INTRODUCTION RTP: 96.14% Join Rick and Morty on their latest adventure into alternate realities. This 5-reel slot has 6 out of this World features, all taking inspiration from iconic scenes from the show so far. Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. If you wish to cancel this during your auto spins then simply press the Stop Autoplay button. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game. The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 2, 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols (starting from the left) on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. 3 or more Bonus Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels awards the Bonus. Reel Wins Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. All Wins across all different lines are added together to form the total win. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive lines beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Scatter wins are added to any line wins. Wild Symbol The Wild(s) symbol can be used to help form line wins by substituting for other symbols. The Wild(s) symbol substitute for all symbols except scatter symbols or bonus symbols. Only the highest paying win on each line is paid (for example 3 wild symbols being a win or those symbols being used with another symbol to make a win of 4 symbols will only pay which of those two is the highest). Wild symbols include: Pickle Rick Wild, Colossal Pickle Wild, Mr Meeseeks Wild, Evolution Of The Pickle Wild and Anatomy Wilds. Pickle Rick Power Spin The Pickle Rick Power Spin can be triggered randomly during any spin: Wild Stacks - Rick can convert any reel into a wild stack. These wilds can be converted into x2 wilds which will multiply themselves. Schwifty Wilds - Rick can convert any position into a wild. Colossal Chedda - Rick fires the portal gun at the reels carving a 3x3 colossal symbol into reels 1, 2, 3 or 2, 3, 4. Cosmic Cash - Rick fires his portal gun at the reels adding mystery cash symbols. Once the reels land any cash symbols are held in position and the reels respin. The reels continue to respin until no additional cash symbols land in view. Mystery Moolah - Rick fires the portal gun at the reels adding mystery symbols to the reel strips. The reels then stop and any mystery symbols that land in view shall transform into the same symbol and pay any line wins. Bonus Blitz - During any spin, the size of the Bonus symbols will change from 1 symbol up to 3 high to give more chance of triggering the bonus. Victory Spin - Pickle Rick will turn symbols on the reels into winning symbols. There are also two additional modifiers which can trigger after any spin: Laser Beam – After the reels have landed, if there is not a winning combination of symbols Rick can appear and remove 1 or more rows of symbols, causing the reels to cascade down and create a win. Win Streak – After the reels have landed, if there is a winning combination of symbols Rick can appear and detonate non-winning symbols. This causes the reels to cascade with the winning symbols locked in place. This continues until no new winning symbols land in view. Bonus Activation The player enters the Wubba Lubba Dub Dub bonus by achieving 3 or more bonus symbols anywhere in view. There is no payout awarded directly for getting this, just entry to one of the bonus rounds. The player will open two portals and a number of features will pass between them before stopping on one of the features, revealing the bonus that has been awarded. The Pilot Bonus Triggered by landing on The Pilot feature during the Bonus. After a short transition, a scene will be shown with a number of Mega Fruit on screen along with a winplan. The player selects a Mega Fruit to reveal an item. Each item will match up to a total bet multiplier, which is paid for matching 3 of the same item. Additionally, revealing a special icon will upgrade the total bet multipliers, and collecting 3 Spaceships awards an additional Bonus feature. Rick, Rattle and Roll Bonus Chase Bonus Triggered by landing on the Rick, Rattle and Roll Bonus Chase feature during the Bonus. After a short screen transition the player will be presented with a secondary bonus screen that is themed around Rick and Morty in a space Mall. The bonus shall be split into two stages; Stage 1 is a multiplier trail up the levels to the Rick, Rattle And Roll Galactic Big Money Bonus. The player always begins in stage 1 and is required to select portal guns in order to advance along the trail increasing the total bet multiplier. Selecting the portal guns will reveal one of the following positive or negative outcomes:- Event Action Advance 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 Will action Rick And Morty to move along the trail by the corresponding number of Windows. Collect Ends the bonus and pays the current total bet multiplier. If the Big Money Bonus end game is reached, Rick and Morty enter the big money end game where the player can win a big cash multiplier or an extra feature. Mr Meeseeks Free Spins Triggered by landing on the Mr Meeseeks Free Spins feature during the Bonus. The player will be awarded an initial 10 Spins which features resurrecting wilds at the end of the feature. If during a spin a Meeseeks Wild has landed in view, after any wins have been paid, the Meeseeks Wild will disappear leaving the position on the reels with an outline around it. This position will become a guaranteed Wild on the final wild spin at the end of the Feature. If another Meeseeks Wild lands in the same position (that is already resurrecting), then that position will become multiplying (on the wild spin) and will increase by x1 each time up to a maximum of 5. After the initial 9 spins are spent, a final wild spin will take place where all positions where Meeseek Wilds have landed in view will reappear and any position where multiply Meeseeks have disappeared will be Multiplying Wilds. Anatomy Wild Monster Spins Triggered by landing on the Anatomy Wild Monster Spins feature during the Bonus. An initial amount of 10 Free Spins are awarded with a special wild symbol active, and a revised top pay hierarchy in the game (Anatomy Park characters/diseases replace regular game symbols for this round only). During free spins if a special wild symbol lands anywhere on any reel, it will expand to populate the entire reel, and then convert all the character symbols in view into the Anatomy Park Symbol. Evolution Of the Pickle Wild Spins Triggered by landing on the Evolution Of the Pickle Wild Spins feature during the Bonus. The game will transition to a new reel set with a 5x4 20-line format. Evolution Of the Pickle Wild Spins is an unlimited Free Spins round that has no set amount of spins. The player must fill a syringe up by collecting a special overlay symbol on the reels (the special symbol can appear on any reel/symbol). Once the syringe is full the feature will come to an end. Always active during Free Spins is the Pickle Rick Wild Symbol that roams around the reels during each spin and expands as the feature evolves. Each time a syringe lands in view a portion of the syringe is filled and Pickle Rick upgrades to the next level. Once the syringe is filled the feature ends and any accumulated winnings are paid. Rick N Roll Mega Bucks Bonus Collecting 5 Bonus symbols, gambling to, or having landed on the Rick N Roll Mega Bucks Bonus on the Bonus Wheel triggers the Rick N Roll Mega Bucks Bonus. The player will be awarded 3 Mega Spins on a 5x5 grid of individual reels. Landing a cash value in view will reset the spins counter back to 3. Also active are characters which when land pay a fixed cash jackpot. The feature continues until all spins are spent or the player completes the grid which will trigger the bonus end game where 3 portals will be displayed on screen to pick from and will award a win multiplier ranging from 2 – 5. Also active on the grid will be bonus symbols. Landing a bonus symbol in view will present 3 portals to pick from and these will award one of the following outcomes: - (Note: A bonus symbol will reset the spin counter but does not hold in position for subsequent spins). CASH BOOST – Upgrades random cash values; BANK CASH – The current grid values are banked into the winnings meter; EXTRA LIFE – Increases the spin counter by 1. Feature Gamble Whenever a Feature win is achieved in the game (except for the Big Money Bonus), the player has the option to either COLLECT the feature or Gamble to try and win one of the other features in the game. After the award of the initial Bonus from the wheel spin during the Bonus, the player will be presented with a Gamble screen showing the 6 features from bottom to top, ranked in terms of average payout. The feature the player has won will be shown to the player with the words COLLECT and GAMBLE shown on the feature panel in the centre of the screen. If the player gambles and wins, the feature they have gambled to can be collected, with all features below that now eliminated. This continues until the player collects, reaches the top feature (where it awards that feature) or the player lands on the Mystery Win segment during the wheel spin where they are then awarded a Mystery Win Prize (a mystery cash value based on a multiplier of the player's total bet). The odds of winning during the gamble feature are not necessarily the odds shown. Auto Play There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to place up to 100 bets automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Freespins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. Wins on different paylines are added. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel (20 lines always active). Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Feature symbols are scatter wins and are awarded when appearing on any position on the reels for any number of played lines. Multiple scatter features can be won in a single game. Scatter wins are paid in addition to reel wins. Free Spins are played on the same number of lines and bet per line/Total Bet as the triggering game (20 lines always active). MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 11/25/2020