Legacy of Ra Megaways INTRODUCTION Journey into Ancient Egypt and seek your fortune in this MEGAWAYS™ slot game! Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to select the amount of your TOTAL BET. Choose from the list of available stakes in the Total Bet options (stakes may vary based on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. If you wish to cancel this during your auto spins then simply press the Stop Autoplay button. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game. The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 2, 3, 4, 5 or 6 matching symbols (starting from the leftmost reel) on any of the MEGAWAYS™, then you win. Any winnings you have will be highlighted and displayed to the player. Winnings will be credited to your account balance. MEGAWAYS™ Each reel can reveal up to 5 symbols in view. Each spin can have up to 15,625 ways to win. A win is matching consecutive symbols, regardless of height, from left to right starting from the left most reel. All winning combinations are added together. Payouts are multiplied by stake. MEGAWAYS™ under licence from Big Time Gaming. Wild Symbol The Wild symbol can be used to help form line wins by substituting for other symbols. WILD SUBSTITUTES FOR ALL SYMBOLS EXCEPT FOR BONUS SYMBOLS. Only the highest paying win on each line is paid (for example 3 wild symbols being a win or those symbols being used with another symbol to make a win of 4 symbols will only pay which of those two is the highest). Free Spins Achieving 3 or more Bonus Scatter symbols in view awards 10-50 free games. At the beginning of free games a special symbol is selected at random. During Free Games if enough special symbols appear in view it expands to cover all positions on the reel, paying from anywhere on the winline and awarding a win on every winline at once. Free Spins can be retriggered during Free Spins. Ra Bonus Bet (depending on Operator configuration) The Ra Bonus Bet can be activated during the Base Game Once activated the reels will spin and guarantee a minimum of 3 Scatter Symbols on the reels, activating Free Spins Ra Bonus Bet is played at 100x Total Bet Auto Play There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to place up to 100 bets automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. (The following additional functions are also applicable depending on jurisdiction) Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Freespins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button Payout Information and Game Rules MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Return to player : Return to player for this game is 96.01%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000