Deal or No Deal: Double Action INTRODUCTION Deal Or No Deal: Double Action is a 5-reel, 5-line slot inspired by the classic pub fruits. The game has 16 features and a range of cash prizes to be won as well as the classic Deal or No Deal game. Step 1: Getting Started Click the STAKE button to increase or decrease the amount of your STAKE. Select from the list of available stakes from the STAKE options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'START' to start your game. There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. If you wish to cancel this during your auto spins then simply press the Stop Autoplay button. Step 2: How To Play Press 'START' to start the game. The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols (wins pays adjacent) on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. Collecting any numbers on the reels increases the trail amount. Any more than 8 triggers the SUPER BOARD while getting 4 on the trail triggers the BONUS. Triggering the BONUS will cause a dapple awarding either: Stopper: This causes a Stopper, highlighting different locations around the board and wherever it lands is awarded to the player. Boost: This boosts the player further down the trail. Win Spin: The reels spin to a prize. Respin: Awards a respin of the reels. Shot Climb: 3 Shots given to climb the trail ladder. Add Again: Adds the numbers that landed in during that spin again then a repeat YES/NO is given. Watch out for Red Alert mode where the reels can spin multiple times and award reel wins or a bonus. Triggering the SUPER BOARD Trail will initiate the top game. From this point a series of Features and Cash prizes can be won by moving around the board dictated to by the number in the middle of the board. The Trail Bonus awards one of the following: Feature+: Increases the feature board on the left. Cash+: Increases the cash board on the right. Free Spin: Awards an additional Free Spin. Winnings are put into the cashpot. Arrow: Moves the player to the inside of the board. Phone: Collect three or more to Enter the Deal or No Deal Bonus. Heart: Collect three to award an extra life. Cash Out: Forces the player out of the Trail Bonus with a dapple which awards a prize or lose. Super Spin: Awards an additional Super Spin. Winnings are put into the cashpot. Bonus: Awards a Bonus. Mystery: Awards a mystery outcome. Multi Add: Awards features, cash, adds to cashpot or extra telephones. Box 23: Pick a box to reveal a prize. Watch out for Red Alert mode where the reels can spin multiple times and award reel wins or a bonus. Features BIG MONEY - The game transitions to a big money screen with 10 gold boxes displaying values ranging from 100 to 1000 x Bet. The values begin to shuffle about as the boxes close. After all the boxes have closed the player is prompted to select a gold box and win the corresponding prize. POWERPLAY - The base reels shall spin to a win then a repeat YES/NO is given. If yes, the reels spin to another win. BOX MAGIC - The player picks a red box to reveal a cash prize. Continues until the player reveals COLLECT from a box. BANK ON IT - The top 7 values dapple on the cash ladder. The player presses start to stop the dapple and is awarded the corresponding prize. A repeat YES/NO is then awarded on that prize. CASH COMBO - All the values dapple on the cash ladder. The player presses start to stop the dapple and is awarded the corresponding prize. A repeat YES/NO is then awarded, if yes another cash value is awarded. STAR PRIZE - The game brings up 3 blue boxes which the player picks from to reveal CLIMB 1, 2, 3 or collect. Revealing a climb will advance up the cash ladder. BIG REDS - A random dapple across the Red DOND values. The player presses spin to stop the dapple and wins the corresponding prize. BOX CLEVER - Brings up 3 DOND red boxes and the player picks one to reveal a prize. REEL RUSH - The number reel will spin and stop which moves the player the corresponding number up the cash ladder. A repeat YES/NO is then awarded, if yes another cash value is awarded. CASH CLIMB - The player Hi-Lo gambles up the cash ladder until they lose the gamble. CRAZY CASH - 3 Shots given to climb the cash ladder. CASH CODE - The base game reels spin and stop. The numbers in view climb the cash ladder by the corresponding number of segments. MONEY BOX - Brings up 3 blue boxes and the player picks one to reveal a prize. TURBO GAMBLE - A gamble up/down on the cash ladder. HOT SHOT - A random dapple across the blue DOND boxes. The player presses spin to stop the dapple and wins the corresponding prize. A repeat YES/No will be given on the win. WIN SPIN - The base game reels shall spin to a winning combination. Deal or No Deal Collecting 3 Deal or No Deal telephones whilst travelling around the feature board will activate the Deal or No Deal Feature. Once active the player can choose to enter the Deal or No Deal Feature or play on with the chance to upgrade the Deal or No Deal bonus. Collecting 5 telephones activates Super Deal or No Deal where two DOND games become active and collecting 6 telephones activates Mega Deal or No Deal where the bottom 5 paddles are eliminated from play on both DOND games. Auto Play There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to place up to 100 bets automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. (The following additional functions are also applicable depending on jurisdiction) Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Freespins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button Payout Information and Game Rules Line wins are multiplied by the players total bet. Wins on different paylines are added. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive adjacent reels (5 lines always active). Only the highest line win is paid on each line. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. RETURN TO PLAYER The theoretical return to player of this game is 96.57% The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/4/2020