Wonder of Ages Wonder Of Ages is a 5-reel 20-line slot bringing to life the wonders of ancient times. The game has 4 exciting free spins features which can be awarded again during the same bonus. How To Play Player Instructions Press the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 2, 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols (starting from the left) on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. If you wish to cancel this during your auto spins, press the Stop Autoplay button. Reel Wins Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. All wins across all different lines are added together to form the total win. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive lines beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Scatter wins are added to any line wins. Wild Symbol The Wild Symbol substitutes for all symbols except scatter. Only the highest paying win on each line is paid (for example 3 wild symbols being a win or those symbols being used with another symbol to make a win of 4 symbols will only pay which of those two is the highest). Bonus Features Wonder Of Ages Bonus 3 or more Bonus Scatter symbols anywhere in view awards the Wonder Of Ages Bonus. Revealing 3 Empire Of Rome symbols awards Empire Of Rome Free Spins. Revealing 3 Wonders Of Egypt symbols awards Wonders Of Egypt Free Spins. Revealing 3 Rise Of Greece symbols awards Rise Of Greece Free Spins. Revealing 3 Mighty Dynasty symbols awards Mighty Dynasty Free Spins. After playing through an awarded bonus the player returns to the Wonder Of Ages Bonus to pick again. This continues until the Fallen Temple symbol is revealed. This ends the Wonder Of Ages Bonus, with all money accumulated in the Feature Win panel being awarded to the player. Empire Of Rome Free Spins Bonus The player will be awarded 9 Free Spins with 3 reels containing a Colosseum Stacked Wild for the duration of the spins. Free spins continue until all spins are used, with any winnings added to the Feature Win panel before returning to the Wonder Of Ages Bonus. Free spins cannot be retriggered. Wonders Of Egypt Free Spins Bonus The player will be awarded 9 Free Spins. During each spin up to 5 symbols can be turned wild. Free spins continue until all spins are used, with any winnings added to the Feature Win panel before returning to the Wonder Of Ages Bonus. Free spins cannot be retriggered. Rise Of Greece Free Spins Bonus The player will be awarded 9 Free Spins. The player starts Free Games on x1 multiplier. Every three spins, this is raised by +1. All wins from a spin are multiplied by the multiplier value on that spin. A special wild will be locked in the centre of reel 3 during the Rise Of Greece bonus. Free spins continue until all spins are used, with any winnings added to the Feature Win panel before returning to the Wonder Of Ages Bonus. Free spins cannot be retriggered. Mighty Dynasty Free Spins Bonus The player will be awarded 9 Free Spins. On every spin a win multiplier is awarded up to x5. Free spins continue until all spins are used, with any winnings added to the Feature Win panel before returning to the Wonder Of Ages Bonus. Free spins cannot be retriggered. Jackpot King Deluxe Pot System During any spin there is a chance that the Jackpot King Deluxe Bonus can be triggered by achieving 5 Jackpot King Deluxe overlay symbols on reels 1 to 5. The Jackpot King Deluxe Pot System is available on any stake on any game plugged into the Jackpot King Deluxe System. Spin the reels to accumulate Crown symbols to move up the win ladder. Achieve 15+ Crown symbols to enter the Wheel King section of the feature. After any spin CHOOSE AN ICON to reveal one of the following outcomes: SPIN - spins the reels again, with any additional Crown symbols in view adding to the win ladder. COLLECT – ends the feature with the player being awarded a Bonus Win based on the multiplier of their Total Bet reached on the win ladder. WHEEL KING - reveal this to go directly into the Wheel King round of the feature. Achieving 15+ Crown Symbols during the Jackpot King Deluxe Bonus awards the Wheel King Bonus. The Wheel King Feature is a Tombola Wheel consisting of Big Win Multiplier segments and Progressive pot segments. Spin the wheel to win either a Big Total Bet Multiplier or a Jackpot. NOTE - The Jackpot King Deluxe Jackpots can only be won during the Wheel King part of the bonus. When a jackpot is won, it is reset to the Reserve amount and begins to rise again. The chances of winning a jackpot increases based on the Jackpot value. Simultaneous jackpot wins cannot occur. Should two players appear to win the jackpot at the same time the first player to trigger the jackpot will win the whole jackpot amount, the second player would win the reserve pot plus any further contributions made. In the event of a communication error after a pot win result has been determined and before it has been displayed on screen, the win amount will automatically be transferred to the player's account. While the game is live, the jackpot cannot be terminated. If the game is removed, the outstanding pool amount can be transferred to another jackpot. Jackpots are funded by contributions from the player's stake except for the initial seeds which are funded by the Operator. Auto Play There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to place up to 100 bets automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. (The following additional functions are also applicable depending on jurisdiction) Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Freespins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. Wins on different paylines are added. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel (20 lines always active). Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Feature symbols are scatter wins and are awarded when appearing on any position on the reels for any number of played lines (20 lines always active). Multiple scatter features can be won in a single game. Scatter wins are paid in addition to reel wins. Free Spins are played on the same number of lines and bet per line/Total Bet as the triggering game (20 lines always active). MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. RTP: 95% +0.5% The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/4/2020