Mystery Spin Deluxe Megaways INTRODUCTION Mystery Spin Deluxe is a 6-reel slot with MEGAWAYS ™ mode Step 1: Start Click the TOTAL PUSH button to select the amount of TOTAL PULLING. Choose from the list of available bets on the total betting options (bets may vary depending on the betting company's settings and the exchange rate) Click "ROTATE" to start the game. The game features an automatic play feature that will start every spin automatically. If you want to cancel it during auto spins, just tap the auto-stop button. Step 2: How to play Press "ROTATE" to start the game. The cylinders will rotate and will stop at random at some point. If the combination of symbols appearing on the rollers form line 3, 4, 5 or 6 of identical symbols on one of the paylines, then you win. Any winnings will be flagged and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. Synced rotation is active and any Synced rotation can be linked to the super stacked symbols. MEGAWAYS ™ Each roller can reveal up to 7 symbols, while each cylinder displays the same number of symbols. Each spin can have up to 117,649 ways to win. The gain is similar, consecutive symbols, regardless of height, from left to right starting from the first to the left cylinder. All winning combinations are added to each other. Odds are multiplied by the bet. MEGAWAYS ™ under the permission of Big Time Gaming. Wildcard Symbol The wildcard symbol replaces all symbols except the Secret symbol. Only the highest profit (for example between 3 wildcard symbols that make up the winnings or the same symbols used with another symbol to create a 4-character gain will be paid only the highest of the two). Automatic play The game features an automatic play feature that will start every spin automatically. By choosing "AUTO GAME" you can place up to 100 bets automatically, one after the other. Select the amount of your bet as usual and then click the "AUTO GAME" button to select the number of bets you want to play with "Auto play". (The following additional features are also applicable depending on jurisdiction) Select the loss limit (the maximum amount you set as a loss for the auto-play period), and then press PLAY to start your automatic games (other options are available). The automatic play will be deactivated if you enter any bonus round, including free spins, if you reach the specified loss limit or if a progressive bank (where available) is won. You can stop the automatic play on the next spin by pressing the "STOP" Performance information and game rules ANY DIFFICULTIES ACRYRONOYN ALL GAMES AND PAYMENTS. The maximum profit of each game is 250,000 £ Last modification date: 6/4/2020