Monkey Business Deluxe Monkey Business Deluxe is a 20 win line slot with a Free Spins Bonus. Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click ‘SPIN’ to start your game. There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. If you wish to cancel this during your auto spins then simply press the Stop Autoplay button. Step 2: How To Play Press ‘SPIN’ to start the game. The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols starting from the left on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. 3 or more Bonus Scatter symbols in view will trigger the Free Spins Bonus. Wild Symbol The Wild symbol can be used to help form line wins by substituting for other symbols. Wild substitutes for all symbols except Bonus Scatter. Free Spins Achieving 3 or more Bonus Symbols anywhere in view awards the Bonus. Any monkey symbol on the reels awards the player with a monkey multiplier of x2-x4 of their entire current feature total. Free Spins cannot retrigger during the Free Spins Feature. Free Spins continue until all free spins are used, where the player is awarded the amount of the bonus winnings accumulated. Free Spins are played automatically at the same number of lines and total bet as the initiating game. Jackpot King Promotional Pot System During any spin there is a chance that the Jackpot King Bonus can be triggered by achieving 5 Jackpot King overlay symbols on reels 1 to 5. The Jackpot King Promotional Pot System is available on any stake on any game plugged into the Jackpot King Promotional Pot. Spin the reels to accumulate Crown symbols to move up the win ladder. Achieve 15+ Crown symbols to enter the Wheel King section of the feature. After any spin CHOOSE AN ICON to reveal one of the following outcomes: SPIN - spins the reels again, with any additional Crown symbols in view adding to the win ladder. COLLECT – ends the feature with the player being awarded a Bonus Win based on the multiplier of their Total Bet reached on the win ladder. WHEEL KING - reveal this to go directly into the Wheel King round of the feature. Achieving 15+ Crown Symbols during the Jackpot King Bonus awards the Wheel King Bonus. The Wheel King Feature is a Tombola style Wheel consisting of Big Win Multiplier segments and three Progressive pot segments - Regal, Royal and Jackpot King. Spin the wheel to win either a Big Total Bet Multiplier or one of the Promotional Jackpots. NOTE - The Promotional Jackpots can only be won during the Wheel King part of the bonus. When any of the Promotional Pots are won, it resets and begins to rise again. Simultaneous jackpot wins cannot occur. Should two players appear to win the jackpot at the same time the first player to trigger the jackpot will win the whole jackpot amount, the second player would win the reserve pot plus any further contributions made. In the event of a communication error after a promotional pot win result has been determined and before it has been displayed on screen, the win amount will automatically be transferred to the player's account. While the game is live, the jackpot cannot be terminated. If the game is removed, the outstanding pool amount can be transferred to another jackpot. When the jackpot is won, it is reset to the Reserve Pot amount and begins to rise again. Jackpots are funded by contributions from the player's stake except for the initial seed which is funded by the Operator. Auto Play There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting ‘AUTOPLAY’ you can choose to place up to 100 bets automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the ‘AUTOPLAY’ button to select the number of ‘Autoplay’ bets you want to play. (The following additional functions are also applicable depending on jurisdiction) Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Freespins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the ‘STOP’ button Malfunction voids plays and pays. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Return To Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96% + JP 0.38% + 0.11% Reserve Last modification date: 6/4/2020