King of the West INTRODUCTION Experience the thrill of the Wild West with the Bounty Hunter on his quest to find his bounty! RTP-95.49% Step 1: Getting Started Press the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Press 'SPIN' to start your game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game. The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 2, 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols (starting from the left) on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. There are prize positions above all reels. If a special Bounty Hunter Symbols lands in on a reel it collects the prize above the corresponding reel. Wild Symbol Wild substitutes for all symbols except scatter. The Wild Symbol can be used to help form wins by substituting for other symbol excluding scatter symbols. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. Bounty Hunter During any spin there is a chance the Bounty Hunter scatter symbol can appear in view. The Bounty Hunter Symbol can appear in any of the reels but not in the positions above the reels. If a Bounty Hunter lands in view, depending on the prize in the position above the reel it appeared, a prize will be awarded: Cash Prize: This will award a cash prize win to the player. Gold Badge: Awards all prizes in view in the positions above the reels (excluding Free Games and Extra Games) Free Games: Triggers the Free Games feature. Extra Games (during Free Games only): Awards additional spins during the Free Games feature. Wanted Wilds During any spin there is a chance the Wanted Wilds feature can be triggered. A gun will appear with a number of wilds in each barrel before spinning and stopping to reveal the number of wilds that will be added to the reels. Free Games If a Bounty Hunter appears in view with a Free Games symbols above the corresponding reel the Free Games Bonus is awarded. A gun will appear with a number of Free Games in each barrel before spinning and stopping to reveal the amount of Free Games awarded. During Free Games the Bounty Hunter is active on every reel with the positions above the reels enriched with larger values and Extra Games positions. The stake that was used to trigger the Free Games will be used for the Free Games duration. Free games can be retriggered. Auto Play (subject to operator configuration and jurisdictional requirements) There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to bet automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Free Spins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Last modification date: 9/1/2022