Lion Thunder INTRODUCTION RTP: 96.47% Lion Thunder is a 6x4 online slot featuring Thunder Spins, win up to 100 free spins with multiplying wilds! Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. If you wish to cancel this during your auto spins then simply press the Stop Autoplay button. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game. The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 2, 3, 4, 5 or 6 matching symbols (starting from the left) on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. 3 or more Bonus Scatter symbols in view will trigger the Free Spins Bonus. Wild Symbol The Wild Symbol can be used to help form wins by substituting for other symbols excluding scatter symbols. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. The Wild Symbol appears in reels 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6 only. BONUS Scatter BONUS Scatter wins are awarded in addition to reel wins. 3 or more Bonus Scatter symbols in view will trigger the Free Spins Bonus. 3 Bonus Scatters = 8 Free Spins. 4 Bonus Scatters = 15 Free Spins. 5 Bonus Scatters = 25 Free Spins. 6 Bonus Scatters = 100 Free Spins. Free Spins During Free Spins all Wild Symbols are multiplied by the value shown (x2, x3 or x5). During Free Spins 2 or more Free Spins Scatters and will award extra Free Spins: 2 Free Spins Scatters = 5 extra Free Spins. 3 Free Spins Scatters = 8 extra Free Spins. 4 Free Spins Scatters = 15 extra Free Spins. 5 Free Spins Scatters = 25 extra Free Spins. 6 Free Spins Scatters = 100 extra Free Spins. The Total Bet that was used to trigger the Free Spins will be used for the Free Spins duration. At the end of Free Spins, the total winnings for the spins will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited to the players account and regular play then resumes. Spin Boost (depending on Operator configuration) Prior to Free Spins the player can choose to play the Spin Boost feature to try and gain additional spins. Pressing 'Buy' spins the wheel for the amount displayed. Landing in the gold Spin Boost segment will award additional spins. The Spin Boost feature continues until the player presses PLAY or they achieve the maximum 50 free spins. Bonus Bet (depending on Operator configuration) The Bonus Bet can be activated during the Base Game. Once activated a new game will begin which guarantees a minimum of 3 Bonus symbols landing in view, activating Free Games. The Bonus Bet is played at 40x Total Bet. Auto Play There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to place up to 100 bets automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. (The following additional functions are also applicable depending on jurisdiction) Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Freespins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. 16/11/2020 v4.0 Last modification date: 12/2/2020