Slots O' Gold INTRODUCTION Slots O'Gold is a 5-reel 10-line slot with a fun Irish theme. The game has an exciting wild respin feature as well as the Jackpot King Promotional Progressive Pot! How To Play Instructions Touch the Total Bet button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL STAKE. Touch the button touch one of the Bet options to select your price of play. Bet from 20p up to £500 (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent) by touching the value of the Total Bet you wish to play. Click 'SPIN' to start your game. The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols (starting from the left or from the right) on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. During any spin a Leprechaun Wild in view on reels 2, 3 or 4 triggers Rainbow Respin. Achieving 5 Jackpot King overlay symbols during any spin awards the Jackpot King Bonus. There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. If you wish to cancel this during your auto spins then simply press the Stop Autoplay button which will appear at the top of where the Autoplay button was previously along with the remaining number of spins. Reel Wins Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. All Wins across all different lines are added together to form the total win. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive lines beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Scatter wins are added to any line wins. Wild Symbol The Wild symbol can be used to help form line wins by substituting for other symbols. The Wild symbol cannot substitute for scatter symbols or bonus symbols. Only the highest paying win on each line is paid (for example 3 wild symbols being a win or those symbols being used with another symbol to make a win of 4 symbols will only pay which of those two is the highest). Bonus Feature Rainbow Respin During any spin if a Leprechaun Wild symbol lands in view on reels 2, 3 or 4 then the Rainbow Respin is triggered. During Rainbow Respin, the Leprechaun Wild expands to cover the entire reel and remain in place while the other reels re-spin. If a new Leprechaun Wild appears during a re-spin, it expands and holds in place together with any previously expanded Leprechaun Wild for another re-spin. The Rainbow Respin Feature ends when no new Leprechaun Wilds appear during a re-spin. Up to 2 additional Leprechaun Wild symbols can appear after a Leprechaun Wild activates a re-spin, triggering 1 additional re-spin for each new Leprechaun Wild symbol that appears in view (maximum of 3 respins). Jackpot King Deluxe Pot System During any spin there is a chance that the Jackpot King Deluxe Bonus can be triggered by achieving 5 Jackpot King Deluxe overlay symbols on reels 1 to 5. The Jackpot King Deluxe Pot System is available on any stake on any game plugged into the Jackpot King Deluxe System. Spin the reels to accumulate Crown symbols to move up the win ladder. Achieve 15+ Crown symbols to enter the Wheel King section of the feature. After any spin CHOOSE AN ICON to reveal one of the following outcomes: SPIN - spins the reels again, with any additional Crown symbols in view adding to the win ladder. COLLECT – ends the feature with the player being awarded a Bonus Win based on the multiplier of their Total Bet reached on the win ladder. WHEEL KING - reveal this to go directly into the Wheel King round of the feature. Achieving 15+ Crown Symbols during the Jackpot King Deluxe Bonus awards the Wheel King Bonus. The Wheel King Feature is a Tombola style Wheel consisting of Big Win Multiplier segments and Progressive pot segments. Spin the wheel to win either a Big Total Bet Multiplier or a Jackpot. NOTE - The Jackpot King Deluxe Jackpots can only be won during the Wheel King part of the bonus. When a jackpot is won, it is reset to the Reserve amount and begins to rise again. The chances of winning a jackpot increases based on the Jackpot value (Royal and Regal pots are guaranteed to be won by the 'Must Be Won By' value). Simultaneous jackpot wins cannot occur. Should two players appear to win the jackpot at the same time the first player to trigger the jackpot will win the whole jackpot amount, the second player would win the reserve pot plus any further contributions made. In the event of a communication error after a promotional pot win result has been determined and before it has been displayed on screen, the win amount will automatically be transferred to the player's account. While the game is live, the jackpot cannot be terminated. If the game is removed, the outstanding pool amount can be transferred to another jackpot. Jackpots are funded by contributions from the player's stake except for the initial seeds which are funded by the Operator. Auto Play There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to place up to 100 bets automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. (The following additional functions are also applicable depending on jurisdiction) Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Freespins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button Payout Information and Game Rules Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. Wins on different paylines are added. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels beginning with the far left or far right reel (10 lines always active, paying from left to right and right to left). Feature symbols are scatter wins and are awarded when appearing on any position on the reels for any number of played lines (10 lines always active, paying from left to right and right to left). Multiple scatter features can be won in a single game. Scatter wins are paid in addition to reel wins. Re-spins are played at the same bet as the round activating the re-spins. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 or 10,000xBet - whichever is reached first (depending on currency. Other Operator limits may apply). MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. RTP This game has 92,98% RTP which includes a 0.5% jackpot contribution Last modification date: 11/3/2020