Dragonfall INTRODUCTION Experience fire and fury in Dragonfall™, an 8x8 grid game featuring Cascading symbols, a Colossal modifier and multiplying Free Games! Step 1: Getting Started Press the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Press 'SPIN' to start your game. There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. If you wish to cancel this during your auto spins, press the Stop Autoplay button. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game. The symbols will be removed and new symbols will cascade onto the board. If the combination of symbols appearing on the board forms a cluster of 5 or more matching symbols, then you win. Any winnings you have will be highlighted causing an explosion and more symbols will cascade in. Winnings will be credited to your account balance. Cascading Symbols All winning symbols will cause a chain reaction. The winning symbols will be removed from the board and replaced by new symbols coming from the top of the screen. Cascades will continue until no more wins are generated. Wild Symbol The Wild Symbol (Dragon's Eye) can be used to help form wins by substituting for other symbols. The Wild Symbol substitutes for all symbols. If a Wild Symbol is part of a cluster win, the symbol will move to an empty adjacent position before the next cascade. When a cascade takes place all wilds are held in position. The Wild symbol can also multiply any cluster win it is part of. The active multiplier value is applied to any win which contains the Wild. After the win is processed, the multiplier value increases by 1. Colossal Symbols Colossal Symbols can appear in any position. One or more Colossal Symbols are added to the grid, any positions they cover will be converted into the symbol shown. The Wild cannot be converted by the Colossal Symbol. Scatter The Wild symbol is also the scatter symbol. The Scatter Symbol can appear anywhere in view during any cascade. Scatter wins are awarded in addition to regular wins. 3 or more Scatter Symbols in view awards Free Games. Free Games If a Wild Symbol is part of a cluster win, the symbol will move to an empty adjacent position before the next cascade. When a cascade takes place all wilds are held in position. The stake that was used to trigger the Free Games will be used for the Free Games duration. At the end of Free Games, the total winnings will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited to the player's account and regular play then resumes. Bonus Bet (depending on Operator configuration) The Bonus Bet can be activated during the Base Game. Once activated a new game will begin which guarantees a minimum of 3 Bonus symbols landing in view, activating Free Games. The Bonus Bet is played at 100x Total Bet. Auto Play There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to place up to 100 bets automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. (The following additional functions are also applicable depending on jurisdiction) Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Free Games, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. The Theoretical return to player is 96.46%