Primal Megaways INTRODUCTION Return to the age of the Giant Woolly Mammoth in Blueprint Gamings innovative slot Primal, featuring the hugely popular MEGAWAYS mechanic. Experience Primal Free Spins featuring Wild Multipliers, Unlimited retriggers and a unqiue Free Spin Guarantee! Step 1: Getting Started Press the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. If you wish to cancel this during your auto spins, press the Stop Autoplay button. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game. The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 2, 3, 4, 5 or 6 matching symbols (starting from the leftmost reel) on any of the MEGAWAYS™, then you win. Any winnings you have will be highlighted and displayed to the player. Winnings will be credited to your account balance. Mystery Symbols On any spin any mystery symbols in view reveal any other symbol (except wild or scatter). Mystery symbols are also active in Free Spins. MEGAWAYS™ Each reel can reveal up to 6 symbols in view. Each spin can have up to 46,656 ways to win. A win is matching consecutive symbols, regardless of height, from left to right starting from the left most reel. All winning combinations are added together. Payouts are multiplied by stake. MEGAWAYS™ under licence from Big Time Gaming. Wild Symbol The Wild Symbol can appear in reels 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6. The Wild Symbol can be used to help form wins by substituting for other symbol excluding scatter symbols. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. Scatter The Scatter Symbol can appear in any of the reels. 3 Scatter Symbols in view awards 10 Free Spins with wild multipliers of x2 and x3. 4 Scatter Symbols in view awards 15 Free Spins with wild multipliers of x2, x3 or x4. 5 Scatter Symbols in view awards 20 Free Spins with wild multipliers of x2, x3, x4 or x5. 6 Scatter Symbols in view awards 30 Free Spins with wild multipliers of x2, x3, x4, x5 or x6. Scatter wins are awarded in addition to reel wins. Wild Multiplier The number of starting spins will be dependant on the number of Bonus symbols used to trigger the Bonus, as shown above. Any Wild which then lands in view will multiply the win by x2 or x3 (up to x6 if triggered with the maximum amount of Bonus symbols). Any Wild in view, when it reveals a multiplier will multiply any win, regardless of if the wild was part of the megaways win. Wilds will multiply by each other (for example 2 x 2 x 2 = x8). During Free Spins 2 or more additional Bonus symbols will award additional Free Spins. The stake that was used to trigger the Free Spins will be used for the Free Spins duration. At the end of Free Spins, the total winnings for the spins will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited to the players account and regular play then resumes. Free Spin Guarantee Free Spins is guaranteed to award a minimum of 10x total bet. If you win less than 10x total bet Free Spin Guarantee will be activated. Free Spin Guarantee will award the Bonus Free Spins again while carrying over the players current winnings. Free Spin Guarantee can play multiple times and award the same number of spins which the Bonus was triggered with. Auto Play There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to place up to 100 bets automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Free Spins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Return To Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.76% Last modification date: 6/4/2020