Napoleon Rise of an Empire INTRODUCTION Join Napoleon in his legendary conquest with this 20 winline, 5x3 slot game. Build an Empire during Free Games, featuring Wild Multiplier symbols and Napoleon Streak to win BIG! Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to select the amount of your TOTAL BET. Choose from the list of available stakes in the Total Bet options (stakes may vary based on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. If you wish to cancel this during your auto spins then simply press the Stop Autoplay button. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game. The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 2, 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. Wild Symbol The Wild symbol (Napoleon) can be used to help form line wins by substituting for other symbols. The Wild(s) symbol cannot substitute for scatter symbols or bonus symbols. The Wild symbol is also a win multiplier, 1 substituting Wild on a winline doubles the win. 2 substituting WILD symbols on a winline will multiply the win by x4. 3 substituting WILD symbols on a winline will multiply the win by x8. 4 substituting WILD symbols on a winline will multiply the win by x16. Only the highest paying win on each line is paid (for example 3 wild symbols being a win or those symbols being used with another symbol to make a win of 4 symbols will only pay which of those two is the highest). Battle Cry Modifier During any spin Napoleon can appear and trigger one of two modifiers. 1. Bonus symbols will be added to the reels increasing the odds of Bonus symbols landing in view. 2. Wild symbols will be added to the reels increasing the odds of Wild symbols landing in view. Free Games 3 Bonus symbols in view awards 10 Free Games. During Free Games any winning symbols in view will lock in place and activate the Napoleon Streak, the reels will then spin again at no cost, this will continue until no more winning symbols appear in view. Free Games can be retriggered during Free Games. Auto Play There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to place up to 100 bets automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. (The following additional functions are also applicable depending on jurisdiction) Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Freespins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button Payout Information and Game Rules Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. Wins on different paylines are added. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel (20 lines always active). Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Feature symbols are scatter wins and are awarded when appearing on any position on the reels for any number of played lines. Multiple scatter features can be won in a single game. Scatter wins are paid in addition to reel wins. Free Games are played on the same number of lines and bet per line/Total Bet as the triggering game (20 lines always active). MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. RTP The Return to Player for this game is 95.96%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/4/2020