Jungle Jackpots INTRODUCTION Jungle Jackpots is a 5-reel 20-line slot with a wild, jungle theme. The game has 4 fun and fierce features as well as Mowgli’s Wild Adventure where turning the page will guarantee you more than the Bare Necesseties! Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Bet from 20p up to £500 (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent) by selecting from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options. Click 'SPIN' to start your game. There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. If you wish to cancel this during your auto spins then simply press the Stop Autoplay button which will appear at the top of where the Autoplay button was previously along with the remaining number of spins. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game. The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 2, 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols (starting from the left) on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. 2 Bonus Scatter symbols anywhere on reels 1, 3 and a special bonus symbol on reel 5 awards one of 4 exciting bonuses: Achieving bonus scatter symbols on reels 1 and 3 and Baloo’s Cash Bonus symbol on reel 5 awards Baloo’s Cash Bonus. Achieving bonus scatter symbols on reels 1 and 3 and Mowgli’s Cash Trail Bonus symbol on reel 5 awards Mowgli’s Cash Trail Spins. Achieving bonus scatter symbols on reels 1 and 3 and the Bagheera Free Spin symbol on reel 5 awards Bagheera Free Spins. Achieving bonus scatter symbols on reels 1 and 3 and the Baloo Colossal Spin symbol on reel awards Baloo’s Colossal Free Spins. Reel Wins Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. All Wins across all different lines are added together to form the total win. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive lines beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Scatter wins are added to any line wins. Wild Symbol The Wild symbol can be used to help form line wins by substituting for other symbols. The Wild symbol cannot substitute for scatter symbols or bonus symbols. Only the highest paying win on each line is paid (for example 3 wild symbols being a win or those symbols being used with another symbol to make a win of 4 symbols will only pay which of those two is the highest). Mowgli’s Wild Adventure If the pages of the book flicker and turn during any game there is chance that Mowgli’s Wild Adventure can be triggered. The pages of the book will turn to reveal a character from the game, each with their own unique modifier. Mowgli Wilds - As the reels continue to spin, Mowgli will swing across the screen; he then randomly turns reel positions wild. Hathi Expanding Wilds - As the reels continue to spin, Hathi the elephant will stomp onscreen turning up to 4 reels wild. Kaa Locking Wilds - Once the reels stop any Kaa wild symbols that appear in view will lock in place. The player will then be prompted to pick one of three baskets. Once selected the player can be awarded, Spin, Extra Wilds, End. Each spin, extra wilds can be achieved. Monkey Mischief - Once the reels stop, monkeys will appear on top of the reels and begin to pull the reels up revealing stacked symbol of any kind. Any one of the feature Bonuses can also be triggered from Mowgli’s Wild Adventure! Watch out for the Vultures as well, as they can place new symbols on the reels to create a win. Baloo’s Cash Bonus Achieving bonus scatter symbols on reels 1 and 3 and Baloo’s Cash Bonus symbol on reel 5 awards Baloo’s Cash Bonus. Baloo will push the Golden Money tree and gold coins will drop down accumulating in the Bonus Win Meter. Once the coins stop dropping Baloo will prompt the player to Pick one of two signs in Baloo’s hands. Revealing CONTINUE will make Baloo push the Golden Money Tree again, adding more to the Bonus Win Meter. Revealing COLLECT will end the bonus. The feature will continue until COLLECT is revealed bonus where the player will be awarded the amount displayed in the Bonus Win Meter which is a multiplier of the player’s Total Bet. Mowgli’s Cash Trail Bonus Achieving bonus scatter symbols on reels 1 and 3 and Mowgli’s Cash Trail Bonus symbol on reel 5 awards Mowgli’s Cash Trail Spins. At the start of the feature Balou tosses Mowgli into the air, he will then fall back down before landing on one of the branches. Mowgli will the randomly jumped to one of the other branches. All the branches have a cash multiplier. Once he stops on one of the branches Vultures will fly on and the player will be prompted to pick and outcome. If collect is selected the feature ends and the corresponding cash multiplier is awarded. If continue is selected the Mowgli will continue to climb the tree. If Mowgli reaches the top they will be prompted to pick a Big Money Golden apple. Selecting an Apple will review a Cash Multiplier where the feature ends and the player will be awarded the amount which is a multiplier of the player’s Total Bet. Bagheera’s Free Spins Bonus Achieving bonus scatter symbols on reels 1 and 3 and the Bagheera Free Spin symbol on reel 5 awards Bagheera’s Free Spins. During Free Spins, the 3rd reel has the Bagheera Wild always active, so that any win triggers the Bagheera streak. The Wild Bagheera symbol covers the whole of reel 3 with any winning symbols held in place before all other symbols respin. If any symbols land in view create a larger or new win on any winline then these are also held and the reels respin again. This continues until no larger/new wins are created. Bagheera Free Spins continue until the number of spins remaining reaches zero, where the player is awarded the amount displayed in the Bonus Winnings Panel. Free Spins cannot be retriggered during Bagheera Free Spins. Baloo’s Colossal Spins Bonus Achieving bonus scatter symbols on reels 1 and 3 and the Baloo Colossal Spin symbol on reel 5 awards Baloo’s Colossal Free Spins. Elephants will walk across the screen, adding Free Spins as they pass the Spins Remaining panel until Mowgli passes by. During Baloo’s Colossal Spins, Colossal symbols are active on the reels, with 2x2 and 3x3 symbols that can create Colossal Wins! Baloo’s Colossal Spins continue until the number of spins remaining reaches zero, where the player is awarded the amount displayed in the Bonus Winnings Panel. Free Spins cannot be retriggered during Baloo’s Colossal Spins Feature Gamble Whenever a Feature win is achieved in the game, the player has the option to either COLLECT the feature or Gamble to try and win one of the other features in the game (except for Baloo Colossal Spins). The player will be presented with a Gamble screen showing the 4 features from left to right, ranked in terms of average payout. The feature the player has won will have the words PRESS TO COLLECT over the gamble wheel, with PRESS TO GAMBLE shown on the feature gamble the player can select. If the player gambles and win, the feature they have gambled to can be collected, with all features below that now eliminated. This continues until the player collects, reached Colossal Spins (where it awards that feature) or the player loses in the Gamble – where they are then awarded a BALOOBY PRIZE of a mystery cash value, which is a multiplier of the player’s Total Bet. Auto Play There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to place up to 100 bets automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. (The following additional functions are also applicable depending on jurisdiction) Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Freespins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button Payout Information and Game Rules Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. Wins on different paylines are added. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel (20 lines always active). Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Feature symbols are scatter wins and are awarded when appearing on any position on the reels for any number of played lines (20 lines always active). Multiple scatter features can be won in a single game. Scatter wins are paid in addition to reel wins. Free Spins are played on the same number of lines and bet per line/Total Bet as the triggering game (20 lines always active). MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. This game has a theoretical return to player from 95.63%. This is based on long term payback. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/13/2020