Magic Ian INTRODUCTION Magic Ian is a 5-reel slot based on the exploits of a conjurer called Ian. Some say he’s 'magic'... Some call him Ian - together he’s Magic Ian! The game has 5 mesmerising features including Teleport Spins - where wilds teleport between two sets of reels! Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click ‘SPIN’ to start your game. There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. If you wish to cancel this during your auto spins then simply press the Stop Autoplay button. Step 2: How To Play Press ‘SPIN’ to start the game. The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols (starting from the left) on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. 3 Bonus Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels awards The Circle Of Magic Bonus. Reel Wins Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. All Wins across all different lines are added together to form the total win. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive lines beginning with the far-left reel. Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Scatter wins are added to any line wine. Wild Symbol The Wild(s) symbol can be used to help form line wins by substituting for other symbols. The Wild(s) symbol cannot substitute for scatter symbols or bonus symbols. Only the highest paying win on each line is paid (for example 3 wild symbols being a win or those symbols being used with another symbol to make a win of 4 symbols will only pay which of those two is the highest). Wild symbols include: Teleport Wilds, Magic Rope Wilds, Levitation Wilds, Metamorph Wilds and Standard Wilds. Magic Ian Modifiers If Ian looks to cast a spell during any game there is a chance a bonus modifier can be triggered. Ian can award one of the following features: Expanding Reels - Ian can magically grow the reels up to 8 rows high and up to 50 winlines. Levitation Spins - Floating symbols levitate up the screen with Ian randomly populating them onto the reels. Teleport Spins - Magic Ian will cast his wand/click his fingers/wave his arms and a second set of reels will appear on the screen. Mirrored Reels - Magic Ian will make two or more reels display exactly the same symbols. This can happen on up to 5 reels, whatever the reel height. Chest Of Wonder - A Magic chest appears at the bottom of any reel. The chest will open and there is a chance it can turn the reel wild. Symbol of Surprise - During any spin, if Ian reveals a mystery symbol, after the initial win, the symbol will replicate to cover each reel where the symbol lands in view. It pays on every active winline (for example with a King as a special symbol, if 3xKing land in view on 20 active winlines then a 3xKing win would be paid twenty times). Magical Streak - During any spin there is a chance that a lock and chain will appear on top of a group of symbols, triggering a respin streak. Shuffling Symbols - During any spin where there isn’t a win there is a chance that the symbols will be magically shuffled to create a win. Bonus Boost - During any spin, Ian can add additional Bonus Symbols to the reels. Super Bonus Spin - During any spin, if 2 bonus symbols land on the reels and it is still possible to achieve the bonus then there is a chance the remaining reels can expand giving an increased chance of triggering the bonus. As a second phase to this, it can also be done as a respin chance (there would be a chance the reels can respin the non-bonus reels to give a second chance of achieving the bonus). Bonus Activation The player enters the Circle Of Magic Bonus by achieving 3 bonus symbols anywhere in view on reels 2, 3 and 4. There is no payout awarded directly for getting this, just entry to one of the bonus rounds. The player will be presented with a new screen, with a wheel containing cash values and features. The player picks a card and can either upgrade the multipliers, upgrade the feature or add extra Feature win positions to the wheel. This continues until SPIN is revealed from the cards, where the wheel spins and awards either a cash prize or a feature. Cash Prize Landing on a multiplier during the Circle of Magic Bonus awards the player a Cash prize which is a multiplier of their total bet. Magic Rope Spins Landing on Magic Rope Spins during the Circle of Magic Bonus awards the Magic Rope Spins bonus. Free Spins are played on enriched reels. The reels will start in the 5x3 layout with special Magic Rope Wild symbols active. During any spin if a Magic Rope Wild lands in view it will expand to cover the whole reel. After any reel wins have been awarded the reels will extend by 1 position (up to 5x8). Magic Rope Spins cannot be retriggered. Teleport Spins Landing on Teleport Spins during the Circle of Magic Bonus awards Teleport Spins. Ian will click his fingers and a second set of 5x3 Reels will magically appear on the top part of the screen. During Teleport Spins the special Teleportation Wild will be active on both sets of reels. If a wild lands on either set of reels during a free spin the wilds will instantly teleport from one reel set to the other and vice versa. This can happen on any spin, giving the potential for super wins on both sets of reels at once. Teleport Spins cannot be retriggered. Levitation Spins Landing on Levitation Spins during the Circle of Magic Bonus awards Levitation Spins. During free spins, a number of wild symbols will levitate up randomly from the bottom of the screen. When the reels and wilds stop moving, any wilds over the reels will overlay the reel positions to potentially create new wins. In addition, during any spin there is a chance that Ian can make the reel layout change from 5x3 to anything up to 5x8. Each spin the reels can change to any other possible reel layout. Levitation Spins cannot be retriggered. Metamorph Spins Landing on Metamorph Spins during the Circle of Magic Bonus awards Metamorph Spins. During Metamorph Spins the special Metamorph Wild will be active on reels 2, 3 and 4. If a wild lands on any of those three reels, the reels will expand by 1 position (up to a maximum of 5x8 in total) and award an additional spin. The wild will also stick in place for the remainder of free spins. Metamorph Spins cannot be retriggered. Feature Gamble After a feature is awarded, there is the option to risk the bonus to try and win a higher paying feature. This will be presented by a gamble on the Circle of Magic. The player will be presented with a list of the bonuses across the top of the screen with the Circle of Magic now consisting of Mystery Prize positions and the name of the feature being gambled to. If it lands on the Feature then they are awarded that prize and can either collect or gamble again. If at any point they reveal the empty cup then they lose the feature but are awarded a mystery cash prize instead. The odds of winning during the gamble feature are not necessarily the odds shown. Cash win gamble During any game if a win of 20xBet or higher is achieved, there is a chance the player will be presented with the option to collect the win or gamble for a feature, giving more chance to enter a bonus. Auto Play There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting ‘AUTOPLAY’ you can choose to place up to 100 bets automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the ‘AUTOPLAY’ button to select the number of ‘Autoplay’ bets you want to play. (The following additional functions are also applicable depending on jurisdiction) Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Freespins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the ‘STOP’ button Payout Information and Game Rules Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. Wins on different paylines are added. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels beginning with the far-left reel (up to 50 lines active). Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Feature symbols are scatter wins and are awarded when appearing on any position on the reels for any number of played lines. Multiple scatter features can be won in a single game. Scatter wins are paid in addition to reel wins. Free Spins are played on the same bet per line/Total Bet as the triggering game (up to 50 lines active). MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. This game has a theoretical return to player from 95.86%. This is based on long term payback and player strategy. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Applicable date from: 23/08/2017 Last modification date: 6/4/2020