Sausage Party INTRODUCTION Sausage Party is a 5-reel 20-line slot based on the cult movie of the same name! The game has 6 awesome features including The Even Greater Beyond Big Money Bonus. Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. If you wish to cancel this during your auto spins then simply press the Stop Autoplay button. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game. The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 2, 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols (starting from the left) on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. 3 or more Bonus Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels awards the Wild In The Aisles Bonus. Reel Wins Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. All Wins across all different lines are added together to form the total win. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive lines beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Scatter wins are added to any line wins. Wild Symbol The Wild(s) symbol can be used to help form line wins by substituting for other symbols. The Wild(s) symbol substitute for all symbols except scatter symbols or bonus symbols. Only the highest paying win on each line is paid (for example 3 wild symbols being a win or those symbols being used with another symbol to make a win of 4 symbols will only pay which of those two is the highest). Wild symbols include: Skin On Wilds Wild, Douche Colossal Wild, Douche Wild, Frank's Hot Dog Wild, Bagel And Lavash Wild, Brenda Wild and Fr-enda Wild. The Immortals The Immortals can be triggered randomly during any spin: Skin On Wilds - Wilds can overlay the reels, turning positions wild. Frank's Hot Dog Wilds - Any of the reels can be turned into a reel stacked full of wilds. Mighty Douche Colossal Reels - If the reels continue to spin, 3 adjacent reels can be turned into a Colossal Reel. Touching Tips - The Mystery symbol (Frank and Brenda) chooses a symbol at random to be displayed inside the mystery symbol. During any spin where a mystery symbol lands on the reels a symbol is chosen which is displayed in every mystery symbol in view. Bath Salts Bonus Boost - Additional positions become available where the Bonus symbols can appear in view. Keen as F% $ * in 'Mustard - Guaranteed to award a big winning spin. There are also two additional modifiers that can trigger after any spin both turn a lose into a win. On a losing spin a knife can appear which will reset the reels into a win, and also a dustpan and brush can reveal a win. Bonus Activation The player enters the bonus by achieving 3 or more bonus symbols anywhere in view. There is no payout awarded directly for getting this, just entry to one of the bonus rounds. The player will spin the wheel, which after a spin will stop on one of 6 features, revealing the bonus that has been awarded. Still Fresh Bonus The game will transition to a new screen focusing on the shelf containing packs of Sausages. The player picks a pack of sausages to 'survive' the round. If they manage to survive them the bonus winnings panel is added by a random amount. Each round, a pack of sausages are removed so the chances of survival decrease visually. The feature continues until the player's sausages are dumped in the bin (awarding the amount in the Bonus Winnings panel which is a multiplier of the player's total bet), or they trigger an additional feature. If the player is awarded an additional feature, they are picked and put into a shopping trolley, where they go off into the shopping sunset to win extra prizes. The (Not So) Great Beyond Bonus The player selects food to reveal one of the following outcomes: CASH VALUE - This reveals a cash prize (multiplier of Total Bet) which adds to the Bonus Winning display. DOUBLE WIN - Revealing this doubles the amount displayed in the Bonus Winning panel. CASH VALUE - This reveals a cash prize (multiplier of Total Bet) which adds to the Bonus Winning display. BARRY - Revealing a Barry icon takes the game to a cut scene of Barry falling from the window, where an extra feature can be won. Gettin 'Juiced Free Spins An initial amount of Free Spins are awarded with the Douche Special Wild symbol active and a revised top pay hierarchy in the game (4 additional symbols are added each with a scatter pay amount on them). During any spin where a Douche symbol lands in view, he will 'suck the juice' out of any symbols displaying a cash value, adding the values they display to the Bonus Winnings display. Once all free spins are used, a Super Douche will appear on reels 1-4 with the 5th reel changing to be a mix of empty spaces, Douche symbols and Bonus symbols for The Even Greater Beyond (Big Money). The 5th reel then spins and if a Super Douche symbol lands in view then the total win for the feature is paid again. If one of the Feature Bonus symbols lands in view then the player is awarded the relevant feature. Free Spins can't retrigger. Bread Bashing Free Spins During the feature on any spin if a Bagel and Lavash symbol lands in view at the same time, they drive each other 'Wild', with the relevant symbols in view becoming wild. At the end of the spins, a number of Hummus jars will be shown across the reels, with the player prompted to PICK A JAR. Picking a Jar reveals one of the following: COLLECT - ends the feature with the player being awarded the amount shown in the bonus winnings panel. EXTRA SPINS - Awards a number of extra spins with both Bagel and Lavash always wild.THE EVEN GREATER BEYOND - Awards the Big Money feature. Bun In The Oven Free Spins A number of free spins will be awarded with both 3 symbol high Frank Wild and Brenda Bun Wild symbols both active. Both Wild symbols will spin on the reels, with one spinning downwards (as normal) and one spinning upwards. During each spin if any Brenda or Frank wilds land in view then the real position is turned wild. If Frank and Brenda both fully land in view of the same reel then a Fr-enda Wild is created which will multiply the wild reel by x2. At the end of the feature there is a chance a retrigger can be awarded. The player will be prompted to PICK AN ITEM, where it will reveal either: COLLECT, which ends the feature; RETRIGGER, which will award the feature again; THE EVEN GREATER BEYOND, which awards The Even Greater Beyond Big Money Bonus. The Even Greater Beyond Bonus Collecting 5 Bonus symbols, gambling to, or having reached The Even Greater Beyond from the Wild In The Aisles Bonus triggers The Even Greater Beyond Bonus. Pressing the Green button will dapple the values. The values will then come to a stop awarding the corresponding total bet multiplier. The feature continues until the STOP (X) is landed on, where the player is awarded their total bet multiplier win. Auto Play There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to place up to 100 bets automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Freespins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. Wins on different paylines are added. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel (20 lines always active). Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Feature symbols are scatter wins and are awarded when appearing on any position on the reels for any number of played lines. Multiple scatter features can be won in a single game. Scatter wins are paid in addition to reel wins. Free Spins are played on the same number of lines and bet per line/Total Bet as the triggering game (20 lines always active). MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. RTP 95.95% Translations of Game Terminology Note: The following is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Wild Wild Big Win Big Win Huge Win Huge Win Epic Win Epic Win Scatter Scatter Bonus Bonus The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/4/2020