Wish Upon A Jackpot Megaways INTRODUCTION RTP: 95.99% Wish Upon A Jackpot Megaways is a 6-reel Megaways slot with a magical fairy tale theme. The game has 3 incredible, magical features as well as the Fairy Godmother Bonus where all your dreams could come true! Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. If you wish to cancel this during your auto spins then simply press the Stop Autoplay button. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game. The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 2, 3, 4, 5 or 6 matching symbols (starting from the left most reel) on any of the MEGAWAYS™, then you win. Any winnings you have will be highlighted causing an explosion and more symbols will cascade in. Winnings will be credited to your account balance. 3 or more Bonus Scatter symbols anywhere in view awards Fairy Godmother Free Spins. Pick a magic orb to reveal a modifier that will be active throughout free spins Revealing the Golden Arrow Mystery symbol awards Golden Arrow Mystery Free Spins. Revealing the Magic Beanstalk Stacked Wild symbol awards Magic Beanstalk Stacked Wild Free Spins. Revealing the Pigs Can Fly symbol awards Pigs Can Fly Free Spins. Cascading Symbols All winning symbols will cause a chain reaction. The winning symbols will be removed from the reels and replaced by new symbols coming from above the reels. Cascades will continue until no more winning symbols are generated. MEGAWAYS™ Each reel can reveal up to 7 symbols in view. Each spin can have up to 117,649 ways to win. A win is matching consecutive symbols, regardless of height, from left to right starting from the left most reel. All winning combinations are added together. Payouts are multiplied by stake. MEGAWAYS™ under licence from Big Time Gaming. Wild Symbol The Wild symbol can be used to help form line wins by substituting for other symbols. The Wild symbol cannot substitute for scatter symbols or bonus symbols. Only the highest paying win on each line is paid (for example 3 wild symbols being a win or those symbols being used with another symbol to make a win of 4 symbols will only pay which of those two is the highest). Fairy Godmother Bonus If the Fairy Godmother appears during any game there is a chance the Fairy Godmother Bonus can be triggered. Select a Magic Orb to reveal your wish. Pigs Can Fly turns real positions wild. Golden Arrow Mystery: in view reveals a random symbol Magic Beanstalk Stacked Wild can turn any real wild and multiply the wild by up to x7. When You Wish Upon A Star ... Dreams Come True! Magic Beanstalk Stacked Wild Free Spins During any spin, Jack can appear and turn any reel into a wild and multiply the wild by up to x7. Any bonus that lands during free spins adds an additional free spin Free Spins continue until all free spins are used, where the player is awarded the amount of the bonus winnings accumulated. Pigs Can Fly Free Spins Bonus During any spin, the Little Pigs appear can appear and turn any position on the reels into a wild. Any bonus that lands during free spins adds an additional free spin Free Spins continue until all free spins are used, where the player is awarded the amount of the bonus winnings accumulated. Golden Arrow Mystery Free Spins Bonus Free Spins are played on enriched reels, featuring the special Prince Charming symbol. During any spin, if any Golden Arrow Mystery symbol lands in view they all change to reveal the same symbol at random (except wilds and scatters). Any bonus that lands during free spins adds an additional free spin Free Spins continue until all free spins are used, where the player is awarded the amount of the bonus winnings accumulated. Auto Play There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to place up to 100 bets automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. (The following additional functions are also applicable depending on jurisdiction) Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Freespins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Last modification date: 6/26/2020