Lightning Strike Megaways INTRODUCTION Lightning Strike™ is a 6-reel slot featuring MEGAWAYS™. Step 1: Getting Started Press the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Press 'SPIN' to start your game. There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. If you wish to cancel this during your auto spins, press the Stop Autoplay button. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game. The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 2, 3, 4, 5 or 6 matching symbols (all prizes pay left to right and right to left) on any of the MEGAWAYS™, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. Winnings will be credited to your account balance. MEGAWAYS™ Each reel can reveal up to 5 symbols in view. Each spin can have up to 15,625 ways to win. A win is matching consecutive symbols, regardless of height, all prizes pay left to right and right to left. All winning combinations are added together. Payouts are multiplied by stake. MEGAWAYS™ under licence from Big Time Gaming. Wild Symbol The Wild symbol can be used to help form line wins by substituting for other symbols (on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 only). The Wild symbol cannot substitute for scatter symbols or bonus symbols. Only the highest paying win on each line is paid (for example 3 wild symbols being a win or those symbols being used with another symbol to make a win of 4 symbols will only pay which of those two is the highest). Bonus Feature Lightning Strike During any spin if a Wild symbol lands in view on reels 2, 3, 4 or 5 then the Lightning Strike Respin is triggered. During Lightning Strike Respin, the Wild expands to cover the entire reel and remain in place while the other reels re-spin. If a new Wild appears during a re-spin, it expands and holds in place together with any previously expanded Wild for another re-spin. The Lightning Strike Respin Feature ends when no new Wilds appear during a re-spin. Up to 3 additional Wild symbols can appear after a Wild activates a re-spin, triggering 1 additional re-spin for each new Wild symbol that appears in view (maximum of 4 respins). Multiple full reel wilds in the same winning combination multiply each other. For example 2 full reel wilds with x5 multipliers would be x25 on involved winning combinations. Cash And Mega Spins Ladder After any win of 5xBet or higher the player can choose to enter the Mega Spins Ladder and try to increase their win or exchange it for Mega Spins. Use the + and - buttons to choose the value you wish to play for and spin the wheel. Landing in the green segment awards the prize selected, which can be collected or exchanged for a number of Mega Spins. Landing in the red segment ends the feature with any winnings achieved being lost. Mega Spins If the player exchanges their cash prize for Mega Spins then the Mega Spins reels are entered. During Mega Spins, extra wilds and mystery symbols are available. Mega Spins continue until all spins are used, where the value in the Winnings panel is awarded as the total win. Mega Spins are played at the same total bet as the triggering base game. Auto Play There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to place up to 100 bets automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Free Spins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. RTP The Return to player for this game is 96.50%.