Scribes of Thebes INTRODUCTION Scribe of Thebes is a 5-reel 25-line slot, trigger free games and watch as Special Symbols Expand and pay on all active lines! Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Select Single or Double Scroll mode. Click 'SPIN' to start your game. There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. If you wish to cancel this during your auto Spins then simply press the Stop Autoplay button. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game. The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 2, 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols starting from the left on one of the win lines, then you win. Scroll and Double Scroll symbols substitute for all symbols. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. When Double Scroll is active each spin cost 2xSingle Scroll Total Bet, and if you trigger the feature you will receive 15 Free Games with 2 special symbols in Double Scroll mode but just 10 Free Games with 1 special symbol in Single Scroll mode however the prizes do not change. 3 or more Scatter (Scroll) symbols in view will trigger the Free Spins Bonus. During Free Spins special symbols expand and pay any on all active lines. Reel Wins Line wins are multiplied by bet per line. All Wins across different pay lines are added together to form the total win. All line pay symbols (except Scatter Scroll and the special symbol(s) in the free games) must appear on a played line, on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Scatter wins are added to any line wins. Special symbol wins are added to line wins. Wild Symbol The Wild symbol can be used to help form line wins by substituting for other symbols. The Wild symbol cannot substitute for the Special Symbol(s) in free games. Only the highest paying win on each line is paid (for example 3 wild symbols being a win or those symbols being used with another symbol to make a win of 4 symbols will only pay which of those two is the highest). Free Spins Achieving 3 or more Scatter Symbols anywhere in view awards free games. When Single Scroll is active, the player can trigger 10 Free Games. When Double Scroll is active, the player can Trigger 15 Free Games. During Free Spins special symbols expand and pay any on all active lines. Free Spins can be retriggered during the Free Spins Feature. Free Spins continue until all free spins are used, where the player is awarded the amount of the bonus winnings accumulated. Auto Play There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to place up to 100 bets automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. (The following additional functions are also applicable depending on jurisdiction) Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Freespins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button Payout Information and Game Rules Line wins are multiplied by the bet per line. Wins on different paylines are added. All line pay symbols, except Scatters and Special symbols in the free games must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel (25 lines always active). Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Scroll symbols are scatter wins and are awarded when appearing on any position on the reels. Scatter wins are paid in addition to line wins. Special Symbol wins in the free games are paid in addition to the line wins. Free Spins are played on the same number of lines and bet per line/Total Bet as the triggering game (25 lines always active). MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. The theoretical return to player of this game is 96.39%. WINLINES Last modification date: 12/27/2021