Fishing Frenzy Megaways INTRODUCTION Fishin' Frenzy MEGAWAYS™ is a 6-reel slot featuring MEGAWAYS™ with a Free Spins Bonus that could be the catch of the day! Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET.Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. If you wish to cancel this during your auto spins then simply press the Stop Autoplay button. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game. The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 2, 3, 4, 5 or 6 matching symbols (or any fish symbol) starting from the left on any of the MEGAWAYS™, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. 3 or more Bonus Scatter symbols in view will trigger the Free Spins Bonus. During Free Spins all Fisherman symbols landing on the reels award the cash prize for each Fish symbol in view. MEGAWAYS™ Each reel can reveal up to 5 symbols in view. Each spin can have up to 15,625 ways to win. A win is matching consecutive symbols, regardless of height, from left to right starting from the left most reel. All winning combinations are added together. Payouts are multiplied by stake. MEGAWAYS™ under licence from Big Time Gaming. Wild Symbol The Wild symbol can be used to help form line wins by substituting for other symbols. The Wild symbol cannot substitute for scatter symbols or bonus symbols. Only the highest paying win on each line is paid (for example 3 wild symbols being a win or those symbols being used with another symbol to make a win of 4 symbols will only pay which of those two is the highest). Free Spins Achieving 3 or more Bonus Symbols anywhere in view awards the Bonus. During Free Spins the Fisherman Scatter symbol becomes active. On any spin where a Fisherman symbol lands in view, the prize is awarded for each Fish symbol that also lands in view. Free Spins cannot retrigger during the Free Spins Feature. Free Spins continue until all free spins are used, where the player is awarded the amount of the bonus winnings accumulated. Fishin' Frenzy Bonus Bet (depending on Operator configuration) The Fishin' Frenzy Bonus Bet can be activated during the Base Game Once activated the reels will spin and guarantee a minimum of 3 Scatter Symbols on the reels, activating Free Spins Fishin' Frenzy Bonus Bet is played at 100x Total Bet Auto Play There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to place up to 100 bets automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. (The following additional functions are also applicable depending on jurisdiction) Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Freespins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button Payout Information and Game Rules MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Return to player Return to player of the game is 95.02%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/4/2020