LOTI Fortune Spins INTRODUCTION Luck O' The Irish Fortune Spins is a classic Irish themed slot game with adjacent pays. This 10 line 5x3 game features Stacked Symbols and Fortune Spins where you can change your stake and activate additional reel sets and a special Luck O’ the Irish symbol. Getting Started Tap the TOTAL BET panel to bring up your bet options ranging from between 10p and £500 (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent) in the standard game or £2 and £500 (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent) in Fortune Spins. How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game. The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If any winning combination appears on any win line, then you win. Wins are paid for 3 or more matching symbols on adjacent reels. Any wins will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. Fortune Spins The player can choose to play FORTUNE SPINS at any time by pressing the FORTUNE SPINS button on the left-hand side of the button panel below the reels. They can choose to play at 20x their Total Bet. This activates additional reel sets and a special Luck O’ the Irish symbol which can transfer to other reel sets. The player can change their Fortune Bet at the end of each Fortune Spin, as well as being able to return to the standard reels by pressing the STANDARD SPINS button. Auto Play There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to place up to 100 bets automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. (The following additional functions are also applicable depending on jurisdiction) Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Freespins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button Other Features SOUND ON/OFF: Select this to switch on/off all audio within the game. You can select this by pressing the 'MUTE/UNMUTE' button in the top bar. HELP: Select this from the options in the top bar. PAYTABLE: Select this by pressing the 'i' button above the reels. RTP RTP Main Game 95.05% The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 or 10,000xBet - whichever is reached first (depending on currency. Other Operator limits may apply). MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Applicable date from: 10/02/2017 Last modification date: 5/9/2017