Genie Jackpots Cave of Wonders INTRODUCTION Genie Jackpots: Cave Of Wonders is a 5-reel 5-line slot inspired by the classic pub fruits. The game has 16 features and a range of cash prizes to be won as well as the Cave Of Wonders game. Step 1: Getting Started Click the STAKE button to increase or decrease the amount of your STAKE. Select from the list of available stakes from the STAKE options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'START' to start your game. There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. If you wish to cancel this during your auto spins then simply press the Stop Autoplay button. Step 2: How To Play Press 'START' to start the game. The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols (wins pays adjacent) on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. Collecting any numbers on the reels increases the trail amount. Any more than 8 triggers the SUPER BOARD while getting 4 on the trail triggers the BONUS. Triggering the BONUS will cause a dapple awarding either: Stopper: This causes a Stopper, highlighting different locations around the board and wherever it lands is awarded to the player. Boost: This boosts the player further down the trail. Win Spin: The reels spin to a prize. Respin: Awards a respin of the reels. Shot Climb: 3 Shots given to climb the trail ladder. Add Again: Adds the numbers that landed in during that spin again then a repeat YES/NO is given. Triggering the SUPER BOARD Trail will initiate the top game. From this point a series of Features and Cash prizes can be won by moving around the board dictated to by the number in the middle of the board. The Trail Bonus awards one of the following: Feature+: Increases the feature board on the left. Cash+: Increases the cash board on the right. Free Spin: Awards an additional Free Spin. Winnings are put into the cashpot. Genie: Moves the player to the inside of the board. Lamp: Collect three or more to enter the Cave Of Wonders Bonus. Heart: Collect three to award an extra life. Cash Out: Forces the player out of the Trail Bonus with a dapple which awards a prize or lose. Multiplier: A multiplier of the player's stake is put into the cashpot. Bonus: Awards a Bonus. Mystery: Awards mystery outcome Features There are 16 features possible, all in view on the left hand side of the game. Upon being collected they will apply the following action: BIG MONEY - The game transitions to big money. DJINN IT TO WIN IT - The base reels shall spin to a win then a repeat YES/NO is given. If yes, the reels spin to another win. MAGIC MONEY - The player picks to reveal a cash prize. Continues until the player reveals COLLECT from a box. CLOUD 9 - The top 9 values dapple of the cash ladder. The player presses start to stop the dapple and is awarded the corresponding prize. A repeat YES/NO is then awarded on that prize. CASH CREATOR - All the values dapple on the cash ladder. The player presses start to stop the dapple and is awarded the corresponding prize. A repeat YES/NO is then awarded, if yes another cash value is awarded. LAMP IT UP - The game brings up 3 lamps which the player picks from to reveal CLIMB 1, 2, 3 or collect. Revealing a climb will advance up the cash ladder. GOING FOR GOLD - A random dapple across the red panels. The player presses spin to stop the dapple and wins the corresponding prize. MAKE A WISH - Brings up 3 Gold Lamps and the player picks one to reveal a prize. REELS OF WONDER - The main game reels will spin and the player is required to press start to stop the reels which then pay any line wins. EASY MONEY - The player Hi-Lo gambles up the cash ladder until they lose the gamble. 3 WISHES - 3 Shots given to climb the cash ladder. GENIE-OUS - The base game reels spin and the player presses SPIN to stop the reels. The numbers in view climb the cash ladder by the corresponding number of segments. MON-KEY BANK - Brings up 3 monkeys and the player picks one to reveal a prize. GENIE GAMBLE - A gamble up/down on the cash ladder. HOT SHOT - A random dapple across the blue panels. The player presses spin to stop the dapple and wins the corresponding prize. A repeat YES/No will be given on the win. DJINN SPIN - The base game reels shall spin to a winning combination. Cave Of Wonders Collecting 3 Lamps whilst travelling around the feature board will activate the Cave Of Wonders Feature. Once active the player can choose to enter the Cave Of Wonders Feature or play on with the chance to upgrade the Cave Of Wonders bonus. Collecting 5 Lamps activates Super Cave Of Wonders where the bottom 5 paddles are eliminated from play and collecting 6 Lamps activates Mega Cave Of Wonders where all the blue paddles are eliminated. Autoplay There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to place up to 100 bets automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. (The following additional functions are also applicable depending on jurisdiction) Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Autoplay will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Freespins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Autoplay from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button Payout Information and Game Rules Line wins are multiplied by the players total bet. Wins on different paylines are added. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive adjacent reels (5 lines always active). Only the highest line win is paid on each line. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. The theoretical return to player of this game is 96.57% The maximum win from a single game is £250,000