Rhino Rampage INTRODUCTION RTP : 96.01% Rhino Rampage™ is a 5x3 online slot featuring Free Spins and Lightning Spins. 6 or more MONEY Symbols in view awards Lightning Spins and a chance to win the Jackpot! Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. If you wish to cancel this during your auto spins then simply press the Stop Autoplay button. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game. The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols (starting from the left) on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. 3 Bonus Scatter symbols in view will trigger the Free Spins Bonus. 6 MONEY Scatter Symbols in view awards Lightning Spins. Wild Symbol The Wild Symbol (Rhino) can be used to help form wins by substituting for other symbols excluding scatter symbols. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. BONUS Scatter The BONUS Scatter Symbol can only appear on reel 1, 3 and 5. BONUS Scatter wins are awarded in addition to reel wins. 3 Bonus Scatter symbols in view will trigger the Free Spins Bonus. Free Spins The player is awarded 5 Free Spins. During Free Spins 3 adjacent reels will be highlighted to create a Colossal 3x3 Reel. During Free Spins the colossal BONUS Scatter Symbol awards 3 extra Free Spins, the colossal MONEY Scatter Symbol activates Lightning Spins. The Total Bet that was used to trigger the Free Spins will be used for the Free Spins duration. At the end of Free Spins, the total winnings for the spins will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited to the players account and regular play then resumes. MONEY Scatter MONEY Scatter Symbols can appear on any reel, in any position. MONEY Scatter wins are awarded in addition to reel wins. 6 MONEY Scatter Symbols in view awards Lightning Spins. Lightning Spins At the start of Lightning Spins the triggering MONEY Scatter Symbols will be held in place. All other positions will spin using special Lightning Spins reels which only contain MONEY Scatter Symbols or blank symbols. The player has 3 spins to be awarded additional MONEY Scatter Symbols in view. Landing a MONEY Scatter Symbol in view will reset the Spins Remaining to 3. Blank Symbols have no value. Landing only blank symbols 3 times in a row will end Lightning Spins. At the end of Lightning Spins, the total winnings will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited to the players account and regular play then resumes. Landing any CASHPOT MONEY SYMBOL (MINI, MAJOR or MEGA) in view will award that pot value. Fill every window position during Lightning Spins to be awarded the JACKPOT!(Main Game only) Auto Play There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to place up to 100 bets automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. (The following additional functions are also applicable depending on jurisdiction) Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Freespins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Applicable date from: Day: 31 Month: 03 Year: 2020 v1.0 Last modification date: 5/28/2020