Wild Antics INTRODUCTION Wild ANTics is a 5-reel 20-line slot with a theme that is one with nature. The game has 4 fun and frantic features as well as Jet Pack Antics where the Ants come marching win by win, hurrah! Hurrah! Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Bet from 20p up to £500 (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent by selecting from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options. Click 'SPIN' to start your game. There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. If you wish to cancel this during your auto spins then simply press the Stop Autoplay button which will appear at the top of where the Autoplay button was previously along with the remaining number of spins. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game. The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 2, 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols (starting from the left) on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. 2 Bonus Scatter symbols anywhere on reels 1, 3 and a special bonus symbol on reel 5 awards one of 4 exciting bonuses: Achieving bonus scatter symbols on reels 1 and 3 and the Worker Ant Bonus symbol on reel 5 awards the Worker Ant Free Spins Bonus. Achieving bonus scatter symbols on reels 1 and 3 and the Soldier Ant Bonus symbol on reel 5 awards the Soldier Ant Free Spins Bonus. Achieving bonus scatter symbols on reels 1 and 3 and the Colonel Ant Bonus symbol on reel 5 awards the Colonel Ant Free Spins Bonus. Achieving bonus scatter symbols on reels 1 and 3 and the Queen Ant Bonus symbol on reel 5 awards the Queen Ant Free Spins Bonus. Achieving bonus scatter symbols on reels 1 and 3 and the Worker Ant Bonus symbol on reel 5 awards the Worker Ant Free Spins Bonus. Reel Wins Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. All Wins across all different lines are added together to form the total win. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive lines beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Scatter wins are added to any line wins. Wild Symbol The Wild symbol can be used to help form line wins by substituting for other symbols. The Wild symbol cannot substitute for scatter symbols or bonus symbols. Only the highest paying win on each line is paid (for example 3 wild symbols being a win or those symbols being used with another symbol to make a win of 4 symbols will only pay which of those two is the highest). Jet Pack Antics If the Ant appears from the Anthill during any game there is chance that Jet Pack Antics can be triggered. The Jet Pack Ants appear and selecting an Ant will aware one of the following features: Wild Antics - As the reels continue to spin, the aardvark will run onscreen chasing an Ant with the Aardvark catching the Ant in the centre of the reels. The Ant then presses a button on his remote control dropping an anvil onto the Aardvark’s head. A comedy bump would then appear with stars floating on to the reels transforming symbols into wilds. Aardvark Antics - As the reels continue to spin, the Ant will jump from reel to reel. The Aardvark’s trunk will appear to try and turn a reel wild. If the Aardvark sucks hard enough the reel is turned Wild before the ant moving to the next reel. If the ant throws a stone into the Aardvark’s trunk, the reel isn’t turned Wild before the ant moving to the next reel. Frantic Antics - Once the reels stop the Ant will blow his whistle, with Ants appearing next to each reel symbol, jumbling them to create a winning spin. If the Ant blows his whistle again, the Ants will jumble the symbols again to create another win. This continues until the Aardvark appears, with the player awarded the amount won from all the Jumbles. Colossal Antics - As the reels continue to spin, a colony of ants march onscreen carrying Colossal Wild symbols which are placed on the reels. Once a number of colossal wilds have been added to the reels, the reels will stop with a combination of colossal wilds. Any one of the feature Bonuses can also be triggered from the Flying Ants! Watch out for the Ants appearing as well, as they can place new symbols on the reels to create a win. Worker Ant Free Spins Bonus Landing two bonus symbols on reels 1 and 3, along with a Worker Ant symbol on reel 5 awards the Worker Ant Free Spins bonus. · During this bonus round a special wild symbol is active on all 5 reels. When any special wild symbol lands in view it would act as a standard wild symbol by substituting any other symbol, but then on every subsequent spin the ‘wild’ will roam around the reels to a new position. · This continues until all the Free Spins have played out at which point the accumulated bonus winnings are paid to the player. · Worker Ant Free Spins Bonus cannot be retriggered during the Worker Ant Free Spins. Soldier Ant Free Spins Bonus · Landing two bonus symbols on reels 1 and 3, along with a Soldier Ant symbol on reel 5 awards the Soldier Ant Free Spins bonus. · During this bonus round a special wild symbol is active on all 5 reels. When any special wild symbol lands in view it would act as a standard wild symbol by substituting any other symbol, but then on every subsequent spin the ‘wild’ will roam around the reels to a different position. · In addition to the wilds roaming around the reels, now when two wild symbols ‘collide’ on the same reel position it shall award a win multiplier ranging from x2 to x5. · This continues until all the Free Spins have played out at which point the accumulated bonus winnings are paid to the player. · Soldier Ant Free Spins Bonus cannot be retriggered during the Soldier Ant Free Spins. Colonel Ant Free Spins Bonus · Landing two bonus symbols on reels 1 and 3 along with the Soldier Ant symbol on reel 5 awards the Colonel Ant Free Spins bonus. · Before this bonus starts the reel frame shall change to a 5x4 format with 40 win lines. · During this bonus round a special wild symbol is active on all 5 reels. When any special wild symbol lands in view it would act as a standard wild symbol by substituting any other symbol, but then on every subsequent spin the ‘wild’ will roam around the reels to a different position. · In addition to the wilds roaming around the reels, now when two wild symbols ‘collide’ on the same position the special wild symbol shall expand to cover the entire reel. · This continues until all the Free Spins have played out at which point the accumulated bonus winnings are paid to the player. · Colonel Ant Free Spins Bonus cannot be retriggered during the Colonel Ant Free Spins. Queen Ant Free Spins Bonus · Landing two bonus symbols on reels 1 and 3 along with the Queen Ant symbol on reel 5 awards the Queen Ant Free Spins Bonus. · Before this bonus can start the reel frame shall transform into a 5x4 format with 40 win lines. · During this bonus round a special oversized wild symbol is active from the start of Free Spins and roams around the reels during each spin. · Additionally, if a unique Queen symbol lands anywhere in view this will action the special wild symbol to expand to cover additional reel positions. · The special wild symbol can potentially grow to cover a maximum of 12 reel positions (4x4). · Queen Ant Free Spins Bonus cannot be retriggered during the Queen Ant Free Spins. Bonus Replay Change · At the end of each bonus there will be a chance that the bonus can be retriggered. · Once any bonus is complete, there is a chance the Ant will pop up from the Anthill and blow his whistle which actions the Jet Pack Ants to fly on screen. · The player will then be prompted to select one of the Jet Pack Ants to reveal a 2 nd bonus. This could be the same bonus that has just been played out or one of the other 3 bonus rounds i.e. (1 st Bonus = Worker Ant FS / 2 nd Bonus = Queen Ant FS). Auto Play There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to place up to 100 bets automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. (The following additional functions are also applicable depending on jurisdiction) Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Freespins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button Payout Information and Game Rules Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. Wins on different paylines are added. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel (20 lines always active in the main game and Worker and Soldier Ant Free Spins. 40 Winlines always active in Colonel and Queen Ant Free Spins). Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Feature symbols are scatter wins and are awarded when appearing on any position on the reels for any number of played lines. Multiple scatter features can be won in a single game. Scatter wins are paid in addition to reel wins. Free Spins are played on the same number of lines and bet per line/Total Bet as the triggering game (20 lines always active in Worker and Soldier Ant Free Spins and 40 lines always active in Colonel and Queen Ant Free Spins). MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. This game has a theoretical return to player from 95.513%. This is based on long term payback. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/4/2020