Valletta Megaways INTRODUCTION Valletta is a 6-reel slot featuring MEGAWAYS™. Getting Started Press the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. If you wish to cancel this during your auto spins, press the Stop Autoplay button. How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game. The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 2, 3, 4, 5 or 6 matching symbols (starting from the left most reel) on any of the MEGAWAYS™, then you win. Any winnings you have will be highlighted and displayed to the player. Winnings will be credited to your account balance. During any spin one of the modifiers can be triggered: 1. Bonus symbols will be added to the reels increasing the odds of Bonus symbols landing in view. 2. Wild symbols will be added to the reels increasing the odds of Wild symbols landing in view. 3. Valletta Streak. MEGAWAYS Each reel can reveal up to 5 symbols in view. Each spin can have up to 15,625 ways to win. A win is matching consecutive symbols, regardless of height, from left to right starting from the left most reel. All winning combinations are added together. Payouts are multiplied by stake. MEGAWAYS™ under licence from Big Time Gaming. Wild Symbol The Wild Symbol can appear in reels 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6. The Wild Symbol can be used to help form wins by substituting for other symbols excluding scatter symbols. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. Scatter The Scatter Symbol can appear in any of the reels. 3 Scatter Symbols in view awards the Bonus with 10 Free Spins. 4 Scatter Symbols awards 12 Free Spins, 5 Scatter Symbols awards 15 Free Spins and 6 Scatter Symbols awards 20 Free Spins. Scatter wins are awarded in addition to reel wins. Valletta Free Spins During Valletta Free Spins any win triggers a streak. During a Streak the reels will hold any win and respin the other symbols in order to better the win. The stake that was used to trigger the Free Spins will be used for the Free Spins duration. At the end of Free Spins, the total winnings for the spins will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited to the player's account and regular play then resumes. Auto Play There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to place up to 100 bets automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Free Spins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Valletta Bonus Bet (depending on Operator configuration) The Valletta Bonus Bet can be activated during the Base Game Once activated the reels will spin and guarantee a minimum of 3 Scatter Symbols on the reels, activating Free Spins Valletta Bonus Bet is played at 100x Total Bet Payout Information and Game Rules The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Last modification date: 6/4/2020