Carry on Camping INTRODUCTION Carry On Camping is a 3-reel, 5-line slot inspired by the classic films, brought to life in the latest pub fruits series game. Step 1: Getting Started Click the STAKE button to increase or decrease the amount of your STAKE. Select from the list of available stakes from the STAKE options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'START' to start your game. There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. If you wish to cancel this during your auto spins then simply press the Stop Autoplay button. Step 2: How To Play Press 'START' to start the game. The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 3 matching symbols on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. Collecting any numbers on the reels increases the trail amount. Any more than 8 triggers the SUPER BOARD while getting 4 on the trail triggers the BONUS. Triggering the BONUS will cause a dapple awarding either: Stopper: This causes a Stopper, highlighting different locations around the board and wherever it lands is awarded to the player. Boost: This boosts the player further down the trail. Win Spin: The reels spin to a prize. Respin: Awards a respin of the reels. Shot Climb: 3 Shots given to climb the trail ladder. Add Again: Adds the numbers that landed in during that spin again then a repeat YES/NO is given. Triggering the SUPER BOARD will initiate the top game, which will potentially be upgraded based on where you reach on the overspill trail: START - starts the feature; BONUS - Awards an extra Bonus before starting the feature; EXTRA ZONE - unlocks a higher starting shot zone as well as an extra bonus before starting the feature; EXTRA LIFE - awards an Extra Life as well as the other upgrades before starting the feature. From this point a series of Features and Cash prizes can be won by moving around the board or by taking SHOTS on any active SHOT LEVEL. The Trail Bonus awards one of the following: Cash+: Increases the cash board on the right. Heart: Collect three to award an extra life. Shots: Awards a number of shots in the active shot level. Next Zone: Unlocks the next level Shot Zone. Bonus: Awards a Bonus. Mystery: Awards a mystery outcome. Bull: Awards a Streak symbol which can be collected to award a win streak. Coach: Awards a random dapple around the feature board, which can stop on any position. Features There are 10 features possible. Upon being collected they will apply the following action: CARRY ON CAMPING - The game transitions to a big money screen where the player laps around collecting super multiplier values. Win between 100 to 1000 x Bet. DO A STREAK - The base reels shall spin to a win then a repeat YES/NO is given. If yes, the reels spin to another win. FIRE IT UP - The top 6 values dapple on the cash ladder. The player presses start to stop the dapple and is awarded the corresponding prize. A repeat YES/NO is then awarded on that prize. CRAZY CAMPER - All the values dapple on the cash ladder. The player presses start to stop the dapple and is awarded the corresponding prize. A repeat YES/NO is then awarded, if yes another cash value is awarded. SUNNY SIDE UP - The number reel will spin and the player is required to press start to stop the reel which increments the cash ladder by the number of positions on the reel. A repeat YES/NO is then awarded, if yes another cash value is awarded. RISE N' SHINE - The player Hi-Lo gambles up the cash ladder until they get lose from the gamble. BACK TO NATURE - Climbs the cash ladder until the player loses three lives. BANG IT UP - A gamble up/down on the cash ladder. MORNING GLORY - A random dapple on the cash ladder. The player presses spin to stop the dapple and wins the corresponding prize. FANCY A BREW - The base game reels shall spin to a winning combination. In addition, there are additional wins possible from the Shot Zones. Upon being collected they will apply the following action: CASH BLASTS - Awards a shot on the cash ladder.. WIN SPINS - Awards a number of winning spins. Super Pick Landing on Super Pick via the active zone will award a Pick Me option. The player will choose one of three Sid icons which will be overlaid over the reels. Once the player has picked an icon they will be awarded one of the following: CARRY ON CAMPING - Will automatically take the player into the Carry on Camping Bonus round. NEXT ZONE - Will automatically move the player to the next zone. MULTIPLIER - Will award a cash multiplier which will be added to the Cash Pot. SUPER ZONE - Will automatically move the player to the top zone. SUPER SPIN - Will spin the reels to a guaranteed win and add the win to the Cash Pot. Carry On Camping If the player makes it to the top of the cash ladder or collects the Carry On Camping feature from the Shot Zones then the Big Money feature is awarded. Spin the number reel to move around the board, landing on super cash multipliers (which are a multiplier of the Total Bet). Continue spinning and winning until COLLECT is revealed. Win up to 1000xBet. Auto Play There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to place up to 100 bets automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. (The following additional functions are also applicable depending on jurisdiction) Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Freespins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button The theoretical return to player of this game is 96.60% Payout Information and Game Rules Line wins are multiplied by the players total bet. Wins on different paylines are added. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive adjacent reels (5 lines always active). Only the highest line win is paid on each line. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Translations of Game Terminology Note: The following is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Wild Wild Info Info Stake Stake Auto Auto Scatter Scatter Bonus Bonus Winlines Winlines Of A Kind Of A Kind All Wins Pay Adjacent All Wins Pay Adjacent The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Applicable date from: Day: 10 Month: 07 Year: 2019 v2.0