Whole Lotta Love INTRODUCTION Whole Lotta Love is a 5-reel 20-line slot game which you're bound to fall head over heels for! Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. If you wish to cancel this during your auto spins then simply press the Stop Autoplay button. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game. The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 2, 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols (starting from the left) on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. Reel Wins Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. All Wins across all different lines are added together to form the total win. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive lines beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Scatter wins are added to any line wins. Wild Symbol The Wild symbol can be used to help form line wins by substituting for other symbols. The Wild Symbol substitutes for all symbols except scatter. Only the highest paying win on each line is paid (for example 3 wild symbols being a win or those symbols being used with another symbol to make a win of 4 symbols will only pay which of those two is the highest). Mystery Win Bonus 3 or more Mystery win Bonus Symbols in view initiates the Mystery win Bonus. Select one of the Mystery win Bonus Symbols in view to reveal a multiplier. This multiplies your current Total Bet to create a bonus cash win. Cupid Trail Bonus The bonus shall be split into two stages; Stage 1 is a multiplier trail up the Gates of Olympus to the BIG MONEY Bonus (stage 2). The player always begins in stage 1 and is required to select Hearts in order to advance along the trail increasing the total bet multiplier. Revealing a COLLECT will cause the feature to end. Revealing Love Dash will cause Cupid to advance up the trail quicker. If the BIG MONEY Bonus end game is reached, Cupid will pick from big hearts in the sky to win a BIG MONEY multiplier. Big Money 3 Big Money Bonus Symbols in view on reels 2, 3 and 4 initiates the Big Money Bonus. The Cash Clouds will spin and then come to a stop awarding the corresponding total bet multiplier indicated by the arrow. The player will then be prompted to 'Choose A Heart', revealing either RESPIN (which respins the clouds and adds to the Bonus Win) or COLLECT which ends the feature, awarding the player the Bonus Win value. Jackpot King Deluxe Pot System During any spin there is a chance that the Jackpot King Deluxe Bonus can be triggered by achieving 5 Jackpot King Deluxe overlay symbols on reels 1 to 5. The Jackpot King Deluxe Pot System is available on any stake on any game plugged into the Jackpot King Deluxe System. Spin the reels to accumulate Crown symbols to move up the win ladder. Achieve 15+ Crown symbols to enter the Wheel King section of the feature. After any spin CHOOSE AN ICON to reveal one of the following outcomes: SPIN - spins the reels again, with any additional Crown symbols in view adding to the win ladder. COLLECT – ends the feature with the player being awarded a Bonus Win based on the multiplier of their Total Bet reached on the win ladder. WHEEL KING - reveal this to go directly into the Wheel King round of the feature. Achieving 15+ Crown Symbols during the Jackpot King Deluxe Bonus awards the Wheel King Bonus. The Wheel King Feature is a Tombola Wheel consisting of Big Win Multiplier segments and Progressive pot segments. Spin the wheel to win either a Big Total Bet Multiplier or a Jackpot. NOTE - The Jackpot King Deluxe Jackpots can only be won during the Wheel King part of the bonus. When a jackpot is won, it is reset to the Reserve amount and begins to rise again. The chances of winning a jackpot increases based on the Jackpot value. Simultaneous jackpot wins cannot occur. Should two players appear to win the jackpot at the same time the first player to trigger the jackpot will win the whole jackpot amount, the second player would win the reserve pot plus any further contributions made. In the event of a communication error after a pot win result has been determined and before it has been displayed on screen, the win amount will automatically be transferred to the player's account. While the game is live, the jackpot cannot be terminated. If the game is removed, the outstanding pool amount can be transferred to another jackpot. Jackpots are funded by contributions from the player's stake except for the initial seeds which are funded by the Operator. Auto Play There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to place up to 100 bets automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. (The following additional functions are also applicable depending on jurisdiction) Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Freespins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. Wins on different paylines are added. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel (20 lines always active). Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Feature symbols are scatter wins and are awarded when appearing on any position on the reels for any number of played lines. Multiple scatter features can be won in a single game. Scatter wins are paid in addition to reel wins. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/4/2020