Pegasus INTRODUCTION Pegasus Rising is a 5-reel 40-line slot based on the legendary Pegasus. The game offers a streak as well as Free Spins and rising reels! Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET.Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. If you wish to cancel this during your auto spins then simply press the Stop Autoplay button. How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game. The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols (starting from the left) on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. 3 Pegasus symbols in reels 2, 3 and 4 will trigger the Free Spins Bonus. Here the player will play out 3 Free Spins with any Pegasus symbol acting as wild. Furthermore if any Pegasus symbols land in view it will raise the reels by one position (to a maximum of 5x8) and award one additional Free Spin. Rising Reels Rising Reels are triggered by Pegasus both in the streak and in the Free Spins. Have Pegasus Wild land anywhere in view to trigger the rise of the reels by one column adding an additional 10 winlines. The Reels can go up to 8 symbols high playing across 80 winlines. Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Wild Symbol The Wild symbol, Pegasus, can be used to help form line wins by substituting for other symbols. Only the highest paying win on each line is paid (for example 3 wild symbols being a win or those symbols being used with another symbol to make a win of 4 symbols will only pay which of those two is the highest). Streak The Streak is triggered by 4 matching symbols in reel 1. The triggered Streak will then cause a respin on the reels where only the symbol triggered will remain in view. If you collect another symbol as part of the streak, this will then cause an additional respin. Respins continue until no more symbols have been collected. Then all wins are paid. Auto Play There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to place up to 100 bets automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. (The following additional functions are also applicable depending on jurisdiction) Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Freespins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button Payout Information and Game Rules Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. Wins on different paylines are added. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel (40 lines always active in the main game with an additional 10 winlines per reel position it has risen). Only the highest line win is paid on each line. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. RTP This game has a theoretical return to player from 95.180%. This is based on long term payback. Last modification date: 6/4/2020