Rome Rise of an Empire INTRODUCTION Rome:Rise of an Empire is a 5-reel 20-line slot where you conquer your enemies and earn your riches! The game has 5 Epic features including Big Money Bonus, where you can win up to 1000xTotal Bet!! Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. If you wish to cancel this during your auto spins then simply press the Stop Autoplay button. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game. The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 2, 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols (starting from the left) on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. 3 or more Bonus Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels awards the Bonus. Spinning the wheel and landing on Urn Riches during the Bonus awards the Urn Riches Bonus. Spinning the wheel and landing on Uprising during the Bonus awards the Uprising Bonus. Spinning the wheel and landing on Volcanic Cash during the Bonus awards the Volcanic Cash Free Spins Bonus. Spinning the wheel and landing on Empress's Treasure during the Bonus awards the Empress's Treasure Free Spins Bonus. Spinning the wheel and landing on BIG MONEY BONUS during the Bonus awards the BIG MONEY Bonus. Reel Wins Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. All Wins across all different lines are added together to form the total win. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive lines beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Scatter wins are added to any line wins. Wild Symbol The Wild(s) symbol can be used to help form line wins by substituting for other symbols. The Wild(s) symbol cannot substitute for scatter symbols or bonus symbols. Only the highest paying win on each line is paid (for example 3 wild symbols being a win or those symbols being used with another symbol to make a win of 4 symbols will only pay which of those two is the highest). Wild symbols include: Empress's Treasure Wild, Legion's Glory Wild and Standard Wilds. Reel Modifiers If the Tiger leaps onto the screen one of the following modifiers will be triggered: - Sword Strike - Once the reels have stopped and presented a combination of winning symbols, a sword will appear from the right and take out the bottom row of symbols causing the symbols above to cascade down. Any new wins will be processed. This then repeats between 1 and 3 more times. - Legion's Glory - Whilst the reels spin the screen will shake and drop in up to 3 stacked wilds. - Symbolus Maximus - Once the reels have stopped a scroll will appear and announce which symbol will turn wild. All occurrences of the symbol will turn wild on the reels. A second scroll will then appear and display a win multiplier. - Spears of Destiny - Once the reels have stopped and presented a combination of winning symbols, spears will be thrown onto the screen locking the winning combination in place. This will cause the reels to respin holding the locked symbols in position. This will continue until the win is not improved. - Bonus Boost - Extra Bonus symbols will be added to the reels. This significantly increases the chance of triggering the bonus on that spin. Bonus Activation The player enters the bonus by achieving 3 or more bonus symbols anywhere in view. There is no payout awarded directly for getting this, just entry to one of the bonus rounds. There will be 5 unique bonuses which will be determined by the Bonus Gamble. The player will spin the wheel, which will stop on one of 5 features, revealing the bonus that has been awarded. Urn Riches Triggered by landing on the Urn Riches segment of the wheel during the Bonus Gamble. After a short transition, a scene will be shown with a number of pots on screen along with a winplan to the left. The player selects pots to reveal an item. Each item will match up to a total bet multiplier, which is paid for matching 3 of the same item. Additionally, revealing a special icon will upgrade the total bet multipliers, and collecting 3 Golden Laurels shall award the BIG MONEY Bonus. Uprising After a short screen transition the player will be presented with a secondary bonus screen which contains 5 castle turrets. Each turret has a value for destroying it and 5 segments denoting the height. Pressing start will result in one or more of the following outcomes:- Event Action HIT The hit turret will reduce its height by 1. UPGRADE One of the turrets values will be upgraded by either doubling its value or changing the value to the Big Money Bonus. The bonus ends when the height of one or more of the turrets hit zero. The total win is the sum of the combined destroyed turret values. Destroying a turret with a BIG MONEY Bonus triggers the BIG MONEY Bonus game. Volcanic Cash Free Spins Triggered by landing on the Volcanic Cash segment of the wheel during the Bonus Gamble. A screen transition will occur and the player will be taken to a new destination, an active volcano multiple reels in view. Here the player will play out their set of free spins on this reel set. During the Free Spins a scatter symbol will appear on reel 3 awarding a x2, x5 reel win multiplier or a STOP symbol which will award between a x6 and x10 for the final winning combination. The initial multiplier is x1; new multiplier is awarded on the reel win of the spin it lands on and applied on that particular spin and all subsequent spins until a new multiplier lands in view on reel 3. Free Spins continue until STOP appears on reel 3. Empress’s Treasure Free Spins Triggered by landing on the Empress’s Treasure segment of the wheel during the Bonus Gamble. Empress’s Treasure Free Spins are played out on the standard reel set with 15 Free Spins. A Stacked Empress Wild can appear on any reel on any spin. Whenever a stacked wild appears, the game will offer the player some money. The player gets to decide to take the money or to lock the stacked wild onto the reels. If the player chooses to refuse the offer, then sometimes the offer is upgraded. If an Empress appears on the final spin then no offer is awarded. An additional Empress's Treasure Value is awarded at the end of the feature if there is an Empress on any reel. Big Money Bonus Collecting 5 Bonus symbols, gambling to, or having landed on the Big Money Bonus on the Bonus Gamble triggers the Big Money Bonus. After a short transition, a scene will be shown featuring the city of Rome and its surrounding suburbs. Here the player will be presented with numerous different coins. Keep picking from the coins to collect big money prizes until COLLECT is revealed. Feature Gamble Whenever a Feature win is achieved in the game (except for BIG MONEY Bonus), the player has the option to either COLLECT the feature or Gamble to try and win one of the other features in the game. After the award of the initial Bonus from the wheel spin during the Bonus, the player will be presented with a Gamble screen showing the 5 features from bottom to top, ranked in terms of average payout. The feature the player has won will be shown to the player with the words COLLECT and GAMBLE shown on the feature panel in the centre of the screen. If the player gambles and wins, the feature they have gambled to can be collected, with all features below that now eliminated. This continues until the player collects, reaches the top feature (where it awards that feature) or the player lands on the Mystery Win segment during the wheel spin where they are then awarded a Mystery Win Prize (a mystery cash value based on a multiplier of the player's total bet). The odds of winning during the gamble feature are not necessarily the odds shown. Auto Play There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to place up to 100 bets automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Freespins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button Payout Information and Game Rules Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. Wins on different paylines are added. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel (20 lines always active). Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Feature symbols are scatter wins and are awarded when appearing on any position on the reels for any number of played lines. Multiple scatter features can be won in a single game. Scatter wins are paid in addition to reel wins. Free Spins are played on the same number of lines and bet per line/Total Bet as the triggering game (20 lines always active). MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/4/2020