Caspers Mystery Mirror Introduction Casper is a 5 reel x 4 symbol, 40 win line slot game that awards wins for matching 3, 4 or 5 consecutive symbols on any active payline. There is also a scatter symbol which awards the Free Spins Bonus game. How To Play Instructions Click the Total Bet button to increase or decrease the amount of your Total Bet. Bet from 40p up to £400 (depending on Operator and currency configuration). Touch one of the Bet options to select your price of play. Click 'SPIN' to start your game. There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to place up to 100 bets automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. (The following additional functions are also applicable depending on jurisdiction). Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Freespins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button Reel Wins Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. All Wins across all different lines are added together to form the total win. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive lines beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Scatter wins are added to any line wins. Wild Symbol The Wild Symbol (Casper Wild) substitutes for all symbols expect scatter. Free Spins Bonus 3 Free Spins Bonus Symbols in view on reels 2, 3 and 4 initiates the Free Spins Bonus. When awarded, the player receives a Bonus win of 1xTotal Stake along with 5 Free Spins. During Free Spins the MYSTERY MIRROR symbol becomes available. In every spin of free spin, if any Mystery Mirrors lands in view a symbol is chosen at random which will appear in every Mirror on the reels, giving the opportunity of big, multiple-line wins. A symbol is chosen each Spin where a Mystery Mirror symbol appears in view. This continues until all Free Spins are played out, where the player is awarded their Total Win from Free Spins. NOTE - Free Spins can be retriggered during Free Spins. Free Spins are Capped at a Maximum of 255 Free Spins. Mystery Mirror Symbol (Free Spins Only) The Mystery Mirror chooses a symbol at random to be displayed in the Mystery. During any spin where a Mystery Mirror lands on the reels a symbol is chosen which is displayed in every Mystery Mirror in view. Payout Information and Game Rules Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. Wins on different paylines are added. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Feature symbols are scatter wins and are awarded when appearing on any position on the reels for any number of played lines (40 winlines always active). Multiple scatter features can be won in a single game. Scatter wins are paid in addition to reel wins. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. This game has a theoretical return to player of 94.95%. This is based on long term payback. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 or 10,000xBet - whichever is reached first (depending on currency. Other Operator limits may apply). Applicable date from: 10/02/2017 Last modification date: 12/6/2017