Good Feathers INTRODUCTION GoodFeathers is a 5-reel 20-line slot featuring Mob inspired cartoon birds! The game has 5 Bonus rounds where you can win up to 1000xTotal Bet! Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. If you wish to cancel this during your auto spins then simply press the Stop Autoplay button. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game. The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols (starting from the left) on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. This will then make the winning symbols disappear only to cascade more symbols in. If this cascade results in another win, these winnings will be added to your account balance. 4 consecutive wins awards the Bonus. This is displayed to the player via the wanted panel on the left. Triggering the Bonus takes the player to a new location set inside a Briefing Room and awards the player the Briefing Room Feature Picker. Here the player will be able to pick from one of five cases, which then reveals the Bonus to the player. Prison Escape Bonus, Warehouse Bonus, ScarBird Free Spins, Infeathergation Free Spins and Crime Scene Free Spins can be awarded from the Briefing Room Feature Picker. Reel Wins Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. All Wins across all different lines are added together to form the total win. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive lines beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest line win is paid on each line. After a win, the symbols which made the win will disappear causing a cascade of new symbols. Wild Symbol The Wild(s) symbol can be used to help form line wins by substituting for other symbols. The Wild(s) symbol cannot substitute for scatter symbols or bonus symbols. Only the highest paying win on each line is paid (for example 3 wild symbols being a win or those symbols being used with another symbol to make a win of 4 symbols will only pay which of those two is the highest). Wild symbols include: Tommy Gun Wild (standard), Stork Wilds (stacked), Bullet Hole Wilds (Fly-by and ScarBird Free Spins), ScarBird Wild and stacked Infeathergation Wilds. The Birdfather After any losing spin the Birdfather can appear and award one of the following: - Stork Wilds - Watch as a Stork Stacked Wild symbol is dropped onto the reels. If it makes a win, it will work as any other cascading symbol. - FlyBy Wilds - Watch as a Mob bird flies past the reels and shoots certain birds turning them into wilds. - Egg Bomb - A bomb is thrown onto the reels which causes a reset of the symbols, guaranteed to bring in a win. Bonus Activation The player enters the bonus by achieving 3 or more successful cascades after the initial win (4 consecutive wins in the same game). This is displayed to the player via the wanted panel on the left. There will be 5 unique bonuses which will be determined by revealing a case from the Briefing Room Feature Picker. Prison Escape Bonus If the Prison Escape Bonus is collected this feature is awarded. After a short transition, the scene will show a three story Prison with cell doors hiding potential Goodfeathers. The player will be prompted to break out as many Goodfeathers as they can awarding cash amounts. If the player reveals the poster, they level up to the next stage of the Bonus where higher cash prizes are available. Watch out for the siren, if it's revealed then the feature ends and all winnings are paid to the player. Warehouse Bonus If the Warehouse Bonus is collected this feature is awarded. After a short transition, a scene will show a warehouse and 5 sets of suitcases. The player will then be prompted to pick a suitcase which will then reveal an amount to the player. It is then up to the player whether to take this offer or leave it and open another suitcase. There are up to 5 suitcases so the most a player will receive is 4 offers. ScarBird Free Spins If ScarBird Free Spins is collected this feature is awarded. After a short transition, the scene will show the inside of a house, with a new reel set. The player will be awarded 5 Free Spins with a ScarBird wild symbol active. Any Scarbird that lands in or cascades in will shoot at the reels to create bullet hole wilds. At the end of Free Spins the player will be offered a choice of picking from three suitcases. If the player reveals some bullets Free Spins is retriggered. If a COLLECT suitcase is revealed Free Spins end and the amount displayed in Bonus Winnings is awarded to the player. Infeathergation Free Spins If Infeathergation Free Spins is collected this feature is awarded. After a short transition, the scene will show the inside of the police station, with a new reel set. This will include stacked Infeathergation Wilds which substitute for any other symbol. At the end of 8 Free Spins the player will be offered a choice of picking from two cards from a board. If they reveal GOOD COP Free Spins is retriggered but if they reveal BAD COP Free Spins then ends and the winnings is paid to the player. Crime Scene Free Spins If Crime Scene Free Spins is collected this feature is awarded. After a short transition, the scene will show a night scene of the base reels set as if a crime scene had occurred. The player will be awarded 10 Free Spins and every win will result in an increasing win multiplier. The higher the win multiplier the more evidence will be recovered. There are 4 levels of evidence with a win multiplier of up to x20 if every piece is recovered. Any FBI badge in view will award 3 additional Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins all winnings are paid to the player. Feature Gamble Whenever a Feature win is achieved in the game (except for Crime Scene), the player has the option to either COLLECT the feature or Gamble to try and win one of the other features in the game via the MagPIE Gamble. Simply clicking on the pie you wish to gamble to initiates the gamble. After the award of the initial Bonus from the Feature Picker the player will be presented with a Gamble pop up showing the 5 features in a pie, ranked from left (lowest) to right (highest) terms of average payout. The feature the player has won will be shown to the player with the words COLLECT and GAMBLE shown on the other pies to the right of the feature they are on. If the player gambles and wins, the feature they have gambled to can be collected, with all features below that now eliminated. This continues until the player collects, reaches the top feature (where it awards that feature) or the player lands on the Mystery Win segment during the pie where they are then awarded a Mystery Win Prize (a mystery cash value based on a multiplier of the player's total bet). Auto Play There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to place up to 100 bets automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Freespins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button Payout Information and Game Rules Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. Wins on different paylines are added. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel (20 lines always active). Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Wins from resulting cascades will be added to the players bank. Free Spins are played on the same number of lines and bet per line/Total Bet as the triggering game (20 lines always active). MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 RTP The Return to player for this game is 96.32% Last modification date: 6/4/2020