Deal or No Deal What's in your Box Scratchcard INTRODUCTION Deal or No Deal is a multi-game scratchcard with an additional Blue Box Bonus triggered in game 3. The Blue Box Bonus has 4 exciting features including 'Mystery Cash Win', 'Free Games', 'Deal or No Deal' as well as 'Jackpot King'! Step 1: Getting Started Press the STAKE ARROWS to choose a Total stake between £1 and £20 (or currency equivalent). The more you stake the more boxes are removed in the Deal or No Deal bonus game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'BUY CARD' to start the game. Scratch off game 1 and if your number beats the bankers, you win. In game 2, scratch off the panels and if you match two of the same amount, you win that prize. Reveal 3 telephones in game 3 to trigger the Blue Box Bonus. If you win on game 3 open one of 3 Blue Boxes to find out what prize you have won! Deal Or No Deal Bonus Revealing the Deal Or No Deal Bonus during the Blue Box Bonus awards the Deal Or No Deal Bonus. After a short screen transition the player will be presented with the Deal Or No Deal Studio. Choose your lucky box then play a real game of Deal or No Deal against our banker. At the end of every round he will make you an offer and it is up to you to Deal or No Deal. Play until the end and the Banker may offer you a swap. Is it worth the gamble for the chance to win big? Jackpot King Deluxe Pot System During any spin there is a chance that the Jackpot King Deluxe Bonus can be triggered by achieving 5 Jackpot King Deluxe overlay symbols on reels 1 to 5. The Jackpot King Deluxe Pot System is available on any stake on any game plugged into the Jackpot King Deluxe System. Spin the reels to accumulate Crown symbols to move up the win ladder. Achieve 15+ Crown symbols to enter the Wheel King section of the feature. After any spin CHOOSE AN ICON to reveal one of the following outcomes: SPIN - spins the reels again, with any additional Crown symbols in view adding to the win ladder. COLLECT – ends the feature with the player being awarded a Bonus Win based on the multiplier of their Total Bet reached on the win ladder. WHEEL KING - reveal this to go directly into the Wheel King round of the feature. Achieving 15+ Crown Symbols during the Jackpot King Deluxe Bonus awards the Wheel King Bonus. The Wheel King Feature is a Tombola Wheel consisting of Big Win Multiplier segments and Progressive pot segments. Spin the wheel to win either a Big Total Bet Multiplier or a Jackpot. NOTE - The Jackpot King Deluxe Jackpots can only be won during the Wheel King part of the bonus. When a jackpot is won, it is reset to the Reserve amount and begins to rise again. The chances of winning a jackpot increases based on the Jackpot value (Royal and Regal pots are guaranteed to be won by the 'Must Be Won By' value). Simultaneous jackpot wins cannot occur. Should two players appear to win the jackpot at the same time the first player to trigger the jackpot will win the whole jackpot amount, the second player would win the reserve pot plus any further contributions made. In the event of a communication error after a promotional pot win result has been determined and before it has been displayed on screen, the win amount will automatically be transferred to the player's account. While the game is live, the jackpot cannot be terminated. If the game is removed, the outstanding pool amount can be transferred to another jackpot. Jackpots are funded by contributions from the player's stake except for the initial seeds which are funded by the Operator. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. This game has 78.26% RTP which includes a 0.5% jackpot contribution Last modification date: 11/3/2020