Buffalo Rising Megaways All Action INTRODUCTION Buffalo Rising ALL ACTION is a 6-reel slot featuring MEGAWAYS ™. Run wild in this great frontier adventure with up to 117,649 ways to win, Cascading symbols and Buffalo Spins. During Buffalo Spins the Unlimited Win Multiplier is active, which increases after every win. Watch out for the Mystery Symbol, all in view will reveal the same random symbol for even more ways to find your fortune! Step 1: Getting Started Press the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Press 'PLAY' to start your game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'PLAY' to start your game. Select your Buffalo Spins option to play Buffalo Spins. A Buffalo stampede can increase the number of Buffalo Spins awarded. During Buffalo Spins if the combination of symbols appear on the reels forms a line of 2, 3, 4, 5 or 6 matching symbols (starting from the left most reel) on any of the MEGAWAYS ™, then you win. Any winnings you have will be highlighted causing an explosion and more symbols will cascade in. Winnings will be credited to your account balance. Cascading Symbols All winning symbols will cause a chain reaction. The winning symbols will be removed from the reels and replaced by new symbols coming from above the reels. There are symbol positions above reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. They help form wins and are the only positions that can reveal Wild Symbols. These will be replaced from the right. Cascades will continue until no more winning symbols are generated. MEGAWAYS™ Each reel can reveal up to 7 symbols in view. Each spin can have up to 117,649 ways to win. A win is matching consecutive symbols, regardless of height, from left to right starting from the left most reel. All winning combinations are added together. MEGAWAYS™ under licence from Big Time Gaming. Wild Symbol The Wild Symbol can only appear in the positions above reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. The Wild Symbol can be used to help form wins by substituting for other symbol excluding scatter symbols. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. Mystery Symbol The Mystery Symbol can appear in any position. All Mystery Symbols in view will reveal the same random symbol. The Mystery Symbol cannot reveal scatter symbols. Buffalo Spins Selection At the start of Buffalo Spins the player is given the choice of 4 options: 15 Buffalo Spins and the Unlimited Win Multiplier starts at x1. Buffalo stampede can increase the starting number of Buffalo Spins up to 27 spins. 10 Buffalo Spins and the Unlimited Win Multiplier starts at x5. Buffalo stampede can increase the starting number of Buffalo Spins up to 27 spins. 5 Buffalo Spins and the Unlimited Win Multiplier starts at x10. Buffalo stampede can increase the starting number of Buffalo Spins up to 27 spins. Mystery Choice: The available Buffalo Spins and Multipliers will be shuffled into 6 panels. The player selects one panel from each category. The values shown in the selected panels will be used to initiate the Buffalo Spins Round. Buffalo Spins During Buffalo Spins the Unlimited Win Multiplier will increase by 1 after every cascade. During Buffalo Spins the positions above reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 can reveal Buffalo Spins Scatters and will award extra Buffalo Spins. 3 Buffalo Spins Scatters = 5 extra Buffalo Spins. 4 Buffalo Spins Scatters = 10 extra Buffalo Spins. The Total Bet that was used to trigger the Buffalo Spins will be used for the Buffalo Spins duration. At the end of Buffalo Spins, the total winnings for the spins will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited to the players account and regular play then resumes. Payout Information and Game Rules The theoretical return to player of this game is 97.10%. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS.