Ted Pub Fruit Series INTRODUCTION Ted Pub Fruits Slot is a licensed 5-reel, 5-line slot based on the cute yet mildly offensive teddy bear. The game has 16 Unbearlievable features including Ted Big Money - where you can be awarded up to 1000xBet! Step 1: Getting Started Click the STAKE button to increase or decrease the amount of your STAKE. Select from the list of available stakes from the STAKE options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'START' to start your game. There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. If you wish to cancel this during your auto spins then simply press the Stop Autoplay button. Step 2: How To Play Press 'START' to start the game. The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols (wins pays adjacent) on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. Collecting any numbers on the reels increases the trail amount. Any more than 8 triggers the SUPER BOARD while getting 4 on the trail triggers the BONUS. Triggering the BONUS will cause a dapple awarding either: Stopper: This causes a Stopper, highlighting different locations around the board and wherever it lands is awarded to the player. Boost: This boosts the player further down the trail. Win Spin: The reels spin to a prize. Respin: Awards a respin of the reels. Shot Climb: 3 Shots given to climb the trail ladder. Add Again: Adds the numbers that landed in during that spin again then a repeat YES/NO is given. Triggering the SUPER BOARD Trail will initiate the top game. From this point a series of Features and Cash prizes can be won by moving around the board dictated to by the number in the middle of the board. The Trail Bonus awards one of the following: Features BIG MONEY - The game transitions to big money. STREAKER - The base reels shall spin to a win then a repeat YES/NO is given. If yes, the reels spin to another win. HIGH 5 - The top 5 values dapple of the cash ladder. The player presses start to stop the dapple and is awarded the corresponding prize. A repeat YES/NO is then awarded on that prize. GOLDEN GOOSE - The player picks to reveal a cash prize. Continues until the player reveals COLLECT from a box. CASH COMBO - All the values dapple on the cash ladder. The player presses start to stop the dapple and is awarded the corresponding prize. A repeat YES/NO is then awarded, if yes another cash value is awarded. HIGH RISE - The game brings up 3 pots which the player picks from to reveal CLIMB 1, 2, 3 or collect. Revealing a climb will advance up the cash ladder. BIG SHOT - The hi-lo reels spins to a random number, the cash ladder will then be incremented by the corresponding number. A cash shot is then awarded on the values above. The player presses start to stop the dapple and will be awarded the corresponding prize. A repeat YES/NO is then awarded on that prize. MONEY MAKER - All the multipliers will dapple. The player presses start to stop the dapple and is awarded the corresponding prize. A repeat YES/NO is then awarded for another shot. All wins are accumulated into the Cash pot bank. REEL RUSH - The main game reels will spin and the player is required to press start to stop the reels which then pay any line wins. EASY MONEY - The player Hi-Lo gambles up the cash ladder until they lose the gamble. CRAZY CASH - 3 Shots given to climb the cash ladder. CASH CODE - The base game reels spin and stop. The numbers in view climb the cash ladder by the corresponding number of segments. BEER MONEY - Brings up 3 Beer bottles and the player picks one to reveal a prize. TURBO GAMBLE - A gamble up/down on the cash ladder. HOT SHOT - A random dapple across the cash ladder. The player presses spin to stop the dapple and wins the corresponding prize. CHERRY SPIN - The base game reels shall spin to a winning combination. Take It Or Leave It Landing on one of the Take It Or Leave It positions from a Super Shot awards the Take It Or Leave It Bonus. Super Take It Or Leave it eliminates the bottom 5 values from play and Mega Take It Or Leave It eliminates the bottom 10 values. Ted will eliminate TVs and then offer you a cash prize. At the end of every round you will be made an offer and it is up to you if you Take It Or Leave It. Is it worth the gamble for the chance to win big? Auto Play There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to place up to 100 bets automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Freespins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button RETURN TO PLAYER (RTP) : 96.57% Payout Information and Game Rules Line wins are multiplied by the players total bet. Wins on different paylines are added. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive adjacent reels (5 lines always active). Only the highest line win is paid on each line. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Feature+: Increases the feature board on the left. Cash+: Increases the cash board on the right. Free Spin: Awards an additional Free Spin. Winnings are put into the cashpot. Arrow: Moves the player to the upper or lower board. Heart: Collect three to award an extra life. Cash Out: Forces the player out of the Trail Bonus with a dapple which awards a prize or lose. Multiplier: A multiplier of the player's stake is put into the cashpot. Bonus: Awards a Bonus. Arrested: Awards a mystery outcome. Level Up: Moves the player to the next level. Super Shot: Awards a shot on the active level. Super Spin: Awards an additional Super Spin which guarantees a reel win. Winnings are put into the cashpot. Last modification date: 6/4/2020