Wish Upon A Jackpot Wish Upon A Jackpot - Player Instructions INTRODUCTION Wish Upon A Jackpot is a 5-reel 20-line slot with a magical fairy tale theme. The game has 4 incredible, magical features as well as the Fairy Godmother Bonus where all your dreams could come true! Step 1: Getting Started Click the stake button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL STAKE. Select your Bet from 20p up to a maximum of £500 (depending on Operator on configuration and currency selected). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. If you wish to cancel this during your auto spins then simply press the Stop Autoplay button which will appear at the top of where the Autoplay button was previously along with the remaining number of spins. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game. The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 2, 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols (starting from the left) on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. 3 Bonus Scatter symbols anywhere on reels 1, 3 and 5 awards the Fairy Tale Bonus. Revealing Rumpelstiltskin awards the Rumpelstiltskin Deal Maker Bonus. Revealing Jack and the Beanstalk awards the Jack and the Beanstalk Bonus. Revealing 3 Little Pigs awards the 3 Little Pigs Free Spins Bonus. Revealing Rapunzel awards the Rapunzel Free Spins Bonus. Reel Wins Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. All Wins across all different lines are added together to form the total win. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive lines beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Scatter wins are added to any line wins. Wild Symbol The Wild symbol can be used to help form line wins by substituting for other symbols. The Wild symbol cannot substitute for scatter symbols or bonus symbols. Only the highest paying win on each line is paid (for example 3 wild symbols being a win or those symbols being used with another symbol to make a win of 4 symbols will only pay which of those two is the highest). Fairy Godmother Bonus If the Fairy Godmother appears during any game there is chance the Fairy Godmother Bonus can be triggered. Select a Magic Orb to reveal your wish. Look out for Puss In Boots Wilds that can jump out of the symbol and turn any symbol next to it WILD. Reveal the special Pinnochio Wild which can turn any position on the reels WILD for big winning spins! Reveal the Gingerbread Man and turn any reel WILD! When you Wish Upon A Star...Dreams Come True! Rumpelstiltskin's Deal Maker Bonus Revealing Rumpelstiltskin during the Fairy Tale Bonus will start the Rumpelstiltskin Deal Maker Bonus. Rumpelstiltskin will reveal a contract scroll that displays a multiplier award. With each offer the number of scrolls on to the left of the screen will decrease. Press TAKE IT to collect that prize or LEAVE IT to be made another offer. The feature continues until the player collects a prize or has been made 5 offers. Jack and the Beanstalk Revealing Jack and the Beanstalk during the Fairy Tale Bonus will start the Jack and the Beanstalk Bonus. Select a Magic Bean to make the Beanstalk grow. Continue picking until you reveal Collect, where you win the prize where the Beanstalk has reached. Reach the top of the Trail and choose one of the Golden Goose's eggs to reveal a Big Win. 3 Little Pigs Free Spins Bonus Revealing the 3 Little Pigs during the Fairy Tale Bonus will start the 3 Little Pigs Free Spins bonus. During Any Spin if any of the 3 Little Pigs appear, any position on the reels can be turned Wild. These remain wild for the duration of the game however beware of the big bad wolf who can blow the wilds away, removing their effect. Free Spins continue until the number of spins remaining reaches zero. Watch out for Pig Wizard...He can retrigger your Free Spins after the final spin. Spinnus Repeato!!! Rapunzel Free Spins Bonus Revealing Rapunzel during the Fairy Tale Bonus will start the Rapunzel Free Spins bonus. Free Spins are played on enriched reels, featuring the special Prince Charming symbol. During any spin if a Prince Charming Scatter symbol appears in view on reel 5 the Prince climbs up the tower, potentially increasing the Free Spins Multiplier, giving more chances to win big! Free Spins continue until the Prince reaches the top of the Tower, where the player is awarded the value in their Bonus Winnings panel. Auto Play There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to place up to 100 bets automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. (The following additional functions are also applicable depending on jurisdiction) Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Freespins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button Payout Information and Game Rules Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. Wins on different paylines are added. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel (20 lines always active). Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Feature symbols are scatter wins and are awarded when appearing on any position on the reels for any number of played lines (20 lines always active). Multiple scatter features can be won in a single game. Scatter wins are paid in addition to reel wins. Free Spins are played on the same number of lines and bet per line/Total Bet as the triggering game (20 lines always active). MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. This game has a theoretical return to player from 92.46 to 95.26%. This is based on long term payback and player strategy. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/4/2020