Kingdom of Wealth INTRODUCTION Kingdom of Wealth is a 5-reel 30-line slot with a Medieval theme. The game has unlockable reels, each with their own exciting feature as well as the Battle Bonus where all 3 unlocked reels can spin at once! CONTENTS How To Play Bonus Features Jackpot King Auto Play Payout Information and Game Rules RTP How To Play Instructions Press 'SPIN' to start the game. Touch the Total Bet button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL STAKE. Touch the button and then touch one of the Bet options to select your price of play. Bet from 50p up to £250 (or currency equivalent) by touching the value of the Total Bet you wish to play. The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 2, 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols (starting from the left) on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. 3 matching reel symbols within the thrones on reels 1, 3 and 5 awards Royal Respin. The Queen Bonus symbol within the throne on reel 1 awards a Queen Reel spin. The Monk Bonus symbol within the throne on reel 3 awards a Monk Reel spin. The Barbarian Bonus symbol within the throne on reel 5 awards a Barbarian Reel spin. The Queen landing in the throne on reel 1, the Monk in the throne on reel 3 and the Barbarian in the throne on reel 5 awards the Battle Bonus. There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. If you wish to cancel this during your auto spins then simply press the 'Stop' Autoplay button which will appear at the top of where the Autoplay button was previously along with the remaining number of spins. Bonus Features Royal Respin 3 matching reel symbols within the thrones on reels 1, 3 and 5 awards Royal Respin. Pick a shield to reveal SPIN, COLLECT or a reel symbol. SPIN respins the reels, with any identical symbols to the triggering symbols holding in place to increase your win. Reveal a reel symbol to upgrade the royal respins symbols to the new symbol. Continue picking a shield until COLLECT is revealed, where reel wins are awarded based on the symbols in view (note - Wild does not substitute during Royal Respin). Queen Reels The Queen Bonus symbol within the throne on reel 1 awards a Queen Reel spin. The Queen Reel spins with a number of magical hearts being added to the reel, with each revealing a matching mystery symbol at random. The Queen Wild symbol substitutes for any other symbol on the Queen Reel. Monk Reels The Monk Bonus symbol within the throne on reel 3 awards a Monk Reel spin. The Monk Reel spins with a number of Monk Wilds being added to the reel, with each one that lands in view expanding to cover the whole reel. Barbarian Reels The Barbarian Bonus symbol within the throne on reel 5 awards a Barbarian Reel spin. The Barbarian Reel spins with a number of Barbarian Colossal Wilds being added to the reel, with each one that lands in view substituting for any symbol on the Barbarian Reel. Battle Bonus The Queen landing in the throne on reel 1, the Monk in the throne on reel 3 and the Barbarian in the throne on reel 5 awards the Battle Bonus. Pick a Shield to reveal the Queen, Monk or Barbarian (or any combination of them) to spin their reel and win. Reveal additional all wins multiplier for more chances to win big! Keep picking shields until SURRENDER is revealed, where you win the amount displayed in the Bonus Win panel. Ranking Badges During the game, if you achieve certain wins/events then a Ranking Badge is awarded. Make your way from Serf to King by playing the game and rising through the ranks. Can you claim the throne of the Kingdom of Wealth? Auto Play There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to place up to 100 bets automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Freespins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button Payout Information and Game Rules Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. Wins on different paylines are added. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on adjacent reels (20 lines always active). Feature symbols must appear on a played line and on adjacent reels.). Multiple features can be won in a single game. Feature wins are paid in addition to reel wins. Super Spins are played at the same bet as the round activating the Super Spins. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. The above rules may be modified at the licensee’s discretion. RTP This game has a theoretical return to player of 95.93%. This is based on long term payback. Last modification date: 5/11/2017