Worms Reloaded INTRODUCTION Worms Reloaded is a 5-reel 20-line slot which is pure Worms Madness. The game has 4 Wormtastic features as well as modifiers which can be triggered on any spin by the Worms Grenade! INCOMING! Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Bet from 20p up to £500 (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent) by selecting from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options. Click 'SPIN' to start your game. There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. If you wish to cancel this during your auto spins then simply press the Stop Autoplay button which will appear at the top of where the Autoplay button was previously along with the remaining number of spins. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game. The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 2, 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols (starting from the left) on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. 3 Bonus Scatter symbols anywhere on reels 1, 3 and 5 awards a Bonus. The Bonus is determined by the Bonus Scatter on reel 5. Reel Wins Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. All Wins across all different lines are added together to form the total win. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive lines beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Scatter wins are added to any line wins. Wild Symbol The Wild(s) symbol can be used to help form line wins by substituting for other symbols. The Wild(s) symbol cannot substitute for scatter symbols or bonus symbols. Only the highest paying win on each line is paid (for example 3 wild symbols being a win or those symbols being used with another symbol to make a win of 4 symbols will only pay which of those two is the highest). Wild symbols include: Banana Bomb Wilds, Donkey Wilds, Bazooka Wilds and Standard Wilds. Worms Grenade If the Worms Grenade in the logo explodes one of the below modifiers will be triggered. - Banana Bomb Wilds - As the reels are spinning a banana bomb will land on the screen, explode and populate the reels with banana bomb wild symbols. The reels can be respun holding the wilds if a worm appears and fires a bazooka. - Holy Hand Grenade - As the reels are spinning a holy hand grenade will appear and explode causing additional bonus symbols to get added to the reels. This will give the player a high chance of triggering the bonus. - Teleport Mayhem - Teleport Mayhem causes the reels to stop. A worm will then appear and press a teleporter causing the symbols to disappear and reappear in a winning order. This can keep appearing as a new win until the Worm blows himself up. - Concrete Donkey - As the reels are spinning a Worm will appear and press a button causing Concrete Donkeys to fall creating wild reels. Bonus Activation The player enters the bonus by achieving 3 bonus symbols on reels 1, 3 and 5. There is no payout awarded directly for getting this, just entry to one of the bonus rounds. There will be 4 unique bonuses which will be determined by the Bonus symbol in reel 5. Battleground Bonus After a short transition, a scene will be shown with a number of mines on screen. The player is prompted to pick from the mines which can award one of the three other bonuses, a multiplier or a collect. The player keeps picking until a collect is revealed thus ending the feature. Jetpack Bonus After a short screen transition the player will be presented with a secondary bonus screen that is themed in space. The bonus shall be split into two stages; Stage 1 is a multiplier trail up the planets to the BIG MONEY Bonus (stage 2). The player always begins in stage 1 and is required to select UFOS in order to advance along the trail increasing the total bet multiplier. Revealing a dynamite or a mine will blow up the Worm causing the feature to end. If the BIG MONEY Bonus end game is reached, the Worm enters the big money end game. Here the player picks a planet to blow up to reveal the big money multiplier. Blitz Blast Free Spins A screen transition will occur and the player will be taken to a new destination, a free spins bonus based around a Worm tied up to a missile. The player is awarded unlimited Free Spins and Free Spins will only end when the Worm is fired up by the missile. A different Worm will then appear the other side of the screen which will then light the fuse to start Free Spins. The player will then play through unlimited Free Spins where any Worm symbol which appears in view on reel 5 triggers the fuse. The further the fuse goes, the higher the multiplier for any win. Eventually the Free Spins will end when you reach the COLLECT at the end of the fuse. This will cause the Worm to be fired into orbit. Super Sheep Free Spins A screen transition will occur and the player will be taken to a new destination, a free spins bonus based around a castle. Super Sheep Free Spins are played out on a 5x4 reel format with 6 Free Spins awarded. On any spin up to three Super Sheep can trigger causing Super Sheep Wild symbols to be added to the reels. The Worm at the side of the reel can then shoot down any of the Super Sheep Wilds added. This will continue until all 6 spins have played out. After all the spins have played out the player will be presented with 3 Grenades and will be prompted to pick one. Revealing Super Sheep will cause the bonus to retrigger, revealing Collect will end the feature. Auto Play There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to place up to 100 bets automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. (The following additional functions are also applicable depending on jurisdiction) Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Freespins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button Jackpot King Deluxe Pot System During any spin there is a chance that the Jackpot King Deluxe Bonus can be triggered by achieving 5 Jackpot King Deluxe overlay symbols on reels 1 to 5. The Jackpot King Deluxe Pot System is available on any stake on any game plugged into the Jackpot King Deluxe System. Spin the reels to accumulate Crown symbols to move up the win ladder. Achieve 15+ Crown symbols to enter the Wheel King section of the feature. After any spin CHOOSE AN ICON to reveal one of the following outcomes: SPIN - spins the reels again, with any additional Crown symbols in view adding to the win ladder. COLLECT – ends the feature with the player being awarded a Bonus Win based on the multiplier of their Total Bet reached on the win ladder. WHEEL KING - reveal this to go directly into the Wheel King round of the feature. Achieving 15+ Crown Symbols during the Jackpot King Deluxe Bonus awards the Wheel King Bonus. The Wheel King Feature is a Tombola style Wheel consisting of Big Win Multiplier segments and Progressive pot segments. Spin the wheel to win either a Big Total Bet Multiplier or a Jackpot. NOTE - The Jackpot King Deluxe Jackpots can only be won during the Wheel King part of the bonus. When a jackpot is won, it is reset to the Reserve amount and begins to rise again. The chances of winning a jackpot increases based on the Jackpot value (Royal and Regal pots are guaranteed to be won by the 'Must Be Won By' value). Simultaneous jackpot wins cannot occur. Should two players appear to win the jackpot at the same time the first player to trigger the jackpot will win the whole jackpot amount, the second player would win the reserve pot plus any further contributions made. In the event of a communication error after a promotional pot win result has been determined and before it has been displayed on screen, the win amount will automatically be transferred to the player's account. While the game is live, the jackpot cannot be terminated. If the game is removed, the outstanding pool amount can be transferred to another jackpot. Jackpots are funded by contributions from the player's stake except for the initial seeds which are funded by the Operator. Payout Information and Game Rules Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. Wins on different paylines are added. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel (20 lines always active). Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Feature symbols are scatter wins and are awarded when appearing on any position on the reels for any number of played lines. Multiple scatter features can be won in a single game. Scatter wins are paid in addition to reel wins. Free Spins are played on the same number of lines and bet per line/Total Bet as the triggering game (20 lines always active). MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. This game has 93.16% RTP which includes a 0.5% jackpot contribution This is based on long term payback. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 11/3/2020