El Jackpotto INTRODUCTION El Jackpotto is a 5-reel 20-line slot based on the rags to riches tale of El Jackpotto's transformation to the Ultimate Luchador Champion, El Jackpotto. Become the Ultimate Luchador Champion to win BIG! Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Bet from 20p up to £500 (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent) by selecting from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options. Click 'SPIN' to start your game. There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. If you wish to cancel this during your auto spins then simply press the Stop Autoplay button which will appear at the top of where the Autoplay button was previously along with the remaining number of spins. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game. The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 2, 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols (starting from the left) on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. 3 or more Bonus Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels awards El Jackpotto's Bonus Wheel. Reel Wins Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. All Wins across all different lines are added together to form the total win. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive lines beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Scatter wins are added to any line wins. Wild Symbol The Wild(s) symbol can be used to help form line wins by substituting for other symbols. The Wild(s) symbol cannot substitute for scatter symbols or bonus symbols. Only the highest paying win on each line is paid (for example 3 wild symbols being a win or those symbols being used with another symbol to make a win of 4 symbols will only pay which of those two is the highest). Wild symbols include: El Jackpotto Wilds, El Pollo Chicken Wilds, El Muscular Stacked Wilds, El Capitan Wilds, Colossal Wild, Mustard Wild and Standard Chilli Wilds. El Jackpotto Modifiers El Jackpotto can be triggered on any spin. Watch as the Mexican El Jackpotto salesman can activate the following: Chilli Wilds - Watch as El Jackpotto splashes the reels with random red-hot chilli symbols. Mustard Wilds - Watch as El Jackpotto splashes the reels with Mustard Wilds as it drips down to create a stacked wild. Tomato Sauce - Watch as El Jackpotto splashes the reels with Tomato Sauce, as the sauce disappears to reveal a mystery symbol. Colossal Fart Spin - Watch as El Jackpotto farts on the reels to cause the massive colossal symbol to appear. Should a Bonus land the Bonus will be triggered. Fart Shuffle - Watch as El Jackpotto farts on the reels to cause the reels to shuffle creating multiple wins. Bonus Boost - Watch as El Jackpotto farts on the reels to cause additional bonus symbols added for more chance to trigger the bonus. Bonus Activation The player enters the bonus by achieving 3 or more bonus symbols anywhere in view. There is no payout awarded directly for getting this, just entry to one of the bonus rounds. If the player triggers the Bonus with 4 Bonus symbols the bottom bonus (Spank that Ass) will be removed from the Bonus Wheel. If the player triggers the Bonus with all 5 Bonus symbols then they will automatically go into the Big Money Bonus. There will be 5 unique bonuses which will be determined by the El Jackpotto Bonus Wheel. The player will spin the wheel, which after spinning will stop on one of 5 features, revealing the bonus that has been awarded. Spinning the wheel and landing on Spank that Ass Bonus awards the Spank that Ass Bonus Bonus. Spinning the wheel and landing on Pound for Pound awards the Pound for Pound Bonus. Spinning the wheel and landing on El Jackpotto Rocket Free Spins awards the El Jackpotto Rocket Free Spins Bonus. Spinning the wheel and landing on Ready to Rumble Free Spins awards the Ready to Rumble Free Spins Bonus. Spinning the wheel and landing on Big Money awards the Big Money Bonus. Spank that Ass Bonus Pick a Pinata to begin the feature, this is now your Pinata. From there, pick Pinatas to remove different prizes. After so many El Jackpotto will make you an offer and you can Take or Reject it. If you go to the very end, El Jackpotto may give you an offer to swap your Pinata. Pound for Pound Bonus After a short screen transition, the player will be presented with a secondary bonus screen that is the set inside the ring with title belts. The bonus shall be split into three stages; Stage 1 is picking from Bronze title belts, Stage 2 is picking from Silver title belts and Stage 3 is picking from Gold belts. Revealing different fighters will award various cash prizes. The further you get through the feature, the higher the cash prizes. Reveal a Burrito to enter the Big Money Bonus. El Jackpotto Rocket Free Spins The player is awarded 5 Free Spins. El Jackpotto will, on any spin appear next to the reels with a rocket strapped to his back. On any spin he can detonate and reveal random El Jackpotto Wilds. Free Spins continue until all spins are used where the player is awarded the amount displayed in Bonus Winnings. Free spins cannot be retriggered during El Jackpotto Free Spins. Ready to Rumble Free Spins Ready to Rumble Free Spins are played out on 3x5 reels with progressive reel sets. First the player will fight El Capitan with multiplying wilds active. If you defeat El Capitan (collect three damage symbols) you'll win additional Free Spins and unlock the next opponent. If El Jackpotto successfully defeats El Nacho King (spinning streak), El Muscular (shifting stacks) and El Pollo Diablo (Chicken Gun Wilds) they enter the Big Money Bonus. The feature ends when there is either no free spins remaining or you trigger the Big Money Bonus. All winnings are carried forward into Big Money. Big Money If the Big Money Bonus end game is reached, the player is presented with El Jackpotto by the side of a set of reels. Here the reels will spin and the player will collect Ultimate Luchador Champion Bonus symbols. The more the player collects, the bigger the prize. After each spin the player will then be prompted to pick a pinata, revealing either RESPIN (which respins the values the reels) or COLLECT which ends the feature, awarding the player the overall Total Win. If the player gains enough symbols to enter the Super Wheel, they will have one spin on the super wheel with HUGE win values. Feature Gamble Whenever a Feature win is achieved in the game, the player has the option to either COLLECT the feature or Gamble to try and win one of the other features in the game (except for Big Money). After the award of the initial Bonus from the wheel spin during the El Jackpotto Wheel Bonus, the player will be presented with a Gamble screen showing the 5 features from bottom to top, ranked in terms of average payout. The feature the player has won will be shown to the player with the words COLLECT and GAMBLE shown on the feature panel in the centre of the screen. If the player gambles and wins, the feature they have gambled to can be collected, with all features below that now eliminated. This continues until the player collects, reaches the top feature (where it awards that feature) or the player lands on the Mystery Win segment during the wheel spin where they are then awarded a Mystery Win Prize (a mystery cash value based on a multiplier of the player's total bet). Auto Play There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to place up to 100 bets automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. (The following additional functions are also applicable depending on jurisdiction) Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Freespins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button Payout Information and Game Rules Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. Wins on different paylines are added. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Feature symbols are scatter wins and are awarded when appearing on any position on the reels for any number of played lines. Multiple scatter features can be won in a single game. Scatter wins are paid in addition to reel wins. Free Spins are played on the same number of lines and bet per line/Total Bet as the triggering game (20 lines always active). The odds of winning during the gamble feature are not necessarily the odds shown MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. This game has a theoretical return to player from 96.00%. This is based on long term payback. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 or 10,000xBet - whichever is reached first (depending on currency. Other Operator limits may apply). Last modification date: 12/6/2017