Naked Gun INTRODUCTION The Naked Gun is a 5-reel 20-line slot based on the classic hit comedy. The game has 4 fun and classic roaming wild features as well as a Roaming Wild modifier which can be triggered in the main game! Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to select the amount of your TOTAL BET. Choose from the list of available stakes in the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game. The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 2, 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols (starting from the left) on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. 3 or more Bonus symbols will trigger the Bonus. Revealing Home Run Free Spins awards the Home Run Free Spins Bonus with Roaming Wilds. Revealing Stake Out Free Spins awards the Stake Out Free Spins Bonus with Multiplying Roaming Wilds. Revealing On the Edge Free Spins awards the On The Edge Free Spins Bonus with Expanding Roaming Wilds. Revealing Crime Scene Free Spins awards the Crime Scene Free Spins Bonus with Multiplying Expanding Roaming Wilds. Bonuses can be gambled in the gamble section before entering the Bonus. This will be explained in the Gamble section. Reel Wins Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. All Wins across all different lines are added together to form the total win. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive lines beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Scatter wins are added to any line wins. Wild Symbol The Wild symbol can be used to help form line wins by substituting for other symbols. The Wild symbol cannot substitute for scatter symbols or bonus symbols. Only the highest paying win on each line is paid (for example 3 wild symbols being a win or those symbols being used with another symbol to make a win of 4 symbols will only pay which of those two is the highest). In-Game Modifiers The Naked Gun features two in-game modifiers. They are the following: Roaming Wild - If the player has 3 Wilds which have landed in view this will trigger Roaming Wild. With that a police car can come onto the screen, ring the siren and the wilds can then roam. As they roam additional wilds will be added to the reels. As the reels land, if another wild lands in view, this will cause another respin of the reels after the wins are paid. This continues until no more new wilds are created. Bonus Added - Randomly as the reels are spinning, Bonus symbols can be added to the reels. This will give the player a greater chance of triggering the Bonus. Watch out for the Police Siren appearing as well, it can add wild symbols on the reels to create a win or trigger Roaming Wild also. Home Run Free Spins Bonus Collecting Home Run Free Spins awards the Home Run Free Spins bonus. When any special wild symbol lands in view it would act as a standard wild symbol by substituting any other symbol, but then on every subsequent spin the ‘wild’ will roam around the reels to a new position. This continues until all the Free Spins have played out at which point the accumulated bonus winnings are paid to the player. Stake Out Free Spins Bonus Collecting Stake Out Free Spins awards the Stake Out Free Spins bonus. When any special wild symbol lands in view it would act as a standard wild symbol by substituting any other symbol, but then on every subsequent spin the ‘wild’ will roam around the reels to a different position. In addition to the wilds roaming around the reels, now when two wild symbols ‘collide’ on the same reel position it shall award a win multiplier ranging from x2 to x5. This continues until all the Free Spins have played out at which point the accumulated bonus winnings are paid to the player. On the Edge Free Spins Bonus Collecting On the Edge Free Spins awards the On the Edge Free Spins bonus. When any special wild symbol lands in view it would act as a standard wild symbol by substituting any other symbol, but then on every subsequent spin the ‘wild’ will roam around the reels to a different position. In addition to the wilds roaming around the reels, now when two wild symbols ‘collide’ on the same position the special wild symbol shall expand to cover the entire reel. This continues until all the Free Spins have played out at which point the accumulated bonus winnings are paid to the player. Crime Scene Free Spins Bonus Collecting Crime Scene Free Spins awards the Crime Scene Free Spins bonus. When any special wild symbol lands in view it would act as a standard wild symbol by substituting any other symbol, but then on every subsequent spin the ‘wild’ will roam around the reels to a different position. In addition to the wilds roaming around the reels, now when two wild symbols ‘collide’ on the same position the special wild symbol shall expand to cover the entire reel and award a multiplier from x2 to x5. Gamble Before every Bonus, the player will be given an option to Gamble. Here the player will be presented a pop up of their bonus, and the other bonus available. The player can choose to gamble their bonus to help achieve a better bonus through a special pick me round, however should the player lose they will be rewarded only a mystery win, rather than the bonus. The player can only gamble progressively. If they player wins Crime Scene Free Spins they will not be presented with the gamble as this is the highest bonus. Jackpot King Deluxe Pot System During any spin there is a chance that the Jackpot King Deluxe Bonus can be triggered by achieving 5 Jackpot King Deluxe overlay symbols on reels 1 to 5. The Jackpot King Deluxe Pot System is available on any stake on any game plugged into the Jackpot King Deluxe System. Spin the reels to accumulate Crown symbols to move up the win ladder. Achieve 15+ Crown symbols to enter the Wheel King section of the feature. After any spin CHOOSE AN ICON to reveal one of the following outcomes: SPIN - spins the reels again, with any additional Crown symbols in view adding to the win ladder. COLLECT – ends the feature with the player being awarded a Bonus Win based on the multiplier of their Total Bet reached on the win ladder. WHEEL KING - reveal this to go directly into the Wheel King round of the feature. Achieving 15+ Crown Symbols during the Jackpot King Deluxe Bonus awards the Wheel King Bonus. The Wheel King Feature is a Tombola style Wheel consisting of Big Win Multiplier segments and Progressive pot segments. Spin the wheel to win either a Big Total Bet Multiplier or a Jackpot. NOTE - The Jackpot King Deluxe Jackpots can only be won during the Wheel King part of the bonus. When a jackpot is won, it is reset to the Reserve amount and begins to rise again. The chances of winning a jackpot increases based on the Jackpot value (Royal and Regal pots are guaranteed to be won by the 'Must Be Won By' value). Simultaneous jackpot wins cannot occur. Should two players appear to win the jackpot at the same time the first player to trigger the jackpot will win the whole jackpot amount, the second player would win the reserve pot plus any further contributions made. In the event of a communication error after a promotional pot win result has been determined and before it has been displayed on screen, the win amount will automatically be transferred to the player's account. While the game is live, the jackpot cannot be terminated. If the game is removed, the outstanding pool amount can be transferred to another jackpot. Jackpots are funded by contributions from the player's stake except for the initial seeds which are funded by the Operator. Auto Play There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to place up to 100 bets automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. (The following additional functions are also applicable depending on jurisdiction) Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Freespins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. Wins on different paylines are added. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel (20 lines always active in the main game and on Home Run and Stake Out Free Spins. 40 Winlines always active in On the Edge and Crime Scene Free Spins). Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Feature symbols are scatter wins and are awarded when appearing on any position on the reels for any number of played lines. Multiple scatter features can be won in a single game. Scatter wins are paid in addition to reel wins. Free Spins are played on the same number of lines and bet per line/Total Bet as the triggering game.. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS . This game has 94,07% RTP which includes a 0.5% jackpot contribution The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 8/28/2020