Genie Jackpots INTRODUCTION Genie Jackpots is a 5-reel 20-line slot with an Arabian Genie theme. The game has 2 exciting features as well as 3 Wishes Power Spins! How To Play Instructions Touch the Total Bet button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL STAKE. Touch the button and then touch one of the Bet options to select your price of play. Bet from 20p up to £500 (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent) by selecting from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options. Click 'SPIN' to start your game. The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 2, 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols (starting from the left) on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. 2 Bonus Scatter symbols anywhere on reels 1 and 3 followed by a Special Scatter Symbol on reel 5 awards 1 of 2 Bonuses. A Chest Scatter symbol on reel 5 awards the Mystery Win Bonus. A Magic Carpet Scatter symbol on reel 5 awards the Magic Carpet Bonus. There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. If you wish to cancel this during your auto spins then simply press the Stop Autoplay button which will appear at the top of where the Autoplay button was previously along with the remaining number of spins. Reel Wins Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. All Wins across all different lines are added together to form the total win. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive lines beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Scatter wins are added to any line wins. Wild Symbol The Wild symbol can be used to help form line wins by substituting for other symbols. The Wild symbol cannot substitute for scatter symbols or bonus symbols. Only the highest paying win on each line is paid (for example 3 wild symbols being a win or those symbols being used with another symbol to make a win of 4 symbols will only pay which of those two is the highest). Mystery Win Achieving 2 Bonus Scatter symbols on reels 1 and 3 and a Chest Scatter on reel 5 will start the Mystery Win Bonus. The Genie will appear in his treasure room next to a large treasure chest. The Genie will hit the chest with his Magic Mallet, awarding the player a cash prize which will add into the Bonus Win panel. The player will then be prompted to pick one of three lamps. Reveal the Genie and he hits the chest again to award further prizes. The feature continues until COLLECT is revealed from a lamp where the player is awarded the amount displayed in the Bonus Win panel. Magic Carpet Achieving 2 Bonus Scatter symbols on reels 1 and 3 and a Magic Carpet Scatter on reel 5 will start the Magic Carpet Bonus. Select a lamp to move along the trail. Reveal a special Genie icon to be magically transported to a random position in front of you on the trail. Reach the Cloud with the Silver Lining to enter Big Money where you can win up to 1000x your stake. 3 Wishes Power Spins The Genie appearing from the lamp during any game triggers a 3 Wishes Power Spin. Select a Magic Lamp to reveal your wish. Look out for the Infectious Monkey Wilds that can jump out of the symbol and turn any symbol next to it WILD. Reveal the special GENIE WILDS which can turn any position on the reels WILD, double your win or respin the reels for up to 2 big Winning Spins! SHAZAAAAM! Jackpot King Deluxe Pot System During any spin there is a chance that the Jackpot King Deluxe Bonus can be triggered by achieving 5 Jackpot King Deluxe overlay symbols on reels 1 to 5. The Jackpot King Deluxe Pot System is available on any stake on any game plugged into the Jackpot King Deluxe System. Spin the reels to accumulate Crown symbols to move up the win ladder. Achieve 15+ Crown symbols to enter the Wheel King section of the feature. After any spin CHOOSE AN ICON to reveal one of the following outcomes: SPIN - spins the reels again, with any additional Crown symbols in view adding to the win ladder. COLLECT – ends the feature with the player being awarded a Bonus Win based on the multiplier of their Total Bet reached on the win ladder. WHEEL KING - reveal this to go directly into the Wheel King round of the feature. Achieving 15+ Crown Symbols during the Jackpot King Deluxe Bonus awards the Wheel King Bonus. The Wheel King Feature is a Tombola style Wheel consisting of Big Win Multiplier segments and Progressive pot segments. Spin the wheel to win either a Big Total Bet Multiplier or a Jackpot. NOTE - The Jackpot King Deluxe Jackpots can only be won during the Wheel King part of the bonus. When a jackpot is won, it is reset to the Reserve amount and begins to rise again. The chances of winning a jackpot increases based on the Jackpot value (Royal and Regal pots are guaranteed to be won by the 'Must Be Won By' value). Simultaneous jackpot wins cannot occur. Should two players appear to win the jackpot at the same time the first player to trigger the jackpot will win the whole jackpot amount, the second player would win the reserve pot plus any further contributions made. In the event of a communication error after a promotional pot win result has been determined and before it has been displayed on screen, the win amount will automatically be transferred to the player's account. While the game is live, the jackpot cannot be terminated. If the game is removed, the outstanding pool amount can be transferred to another jackpot. Jackpots are funded by contributions from the player's stake except for the initial seeds which are funded by the Operator. Auto Play There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to place up to 100 bets automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. (The following additional functions are also applicable depending on jurisdiction) Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Freespins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button Payout Information and Game Rules Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. Wins on different paylines are added. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel (20 lines always active). Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Feature symbols are scatter wins and are awarded when appearing on any position on the reels for any number of played lines (20 lines always active). Scatter wins are paid in addition to reel wins. Free Spins are played on the same number of lines and bet per line/Total Bet as the triggering game (20 lines always active). The following outcomes are available from the 3 Wishes Power Spins Bonus: Bonus, Genie Win Spin, Infectious Monkey Wilds, 5 of a Kind, Genie Wilds. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 This game has 93.23% RTP which includes a 0.5% jackpot contribution Last modification date: 11/3/2020