Imperial Dragon INTRODUCTION Imperial Dragon is a 5-reel 20-line slot with an enchanting, Chinese theme. The game has an exciting free spins bonus where you can unlock additional reel sets, with each one containing their own upgrade! Step 1: Getting Started Click '+' and '-' buttons to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL STAKE. Bet from 20p up to £100 (or currency equivalent). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. If you wish to cancel this during your auto spins then simply press the Stop Autoplay button which will appear at the top of where the Autoplay button was previously along with the remaining number of spins. Step 2: How To Play Press 'START' to start the game. The reels will spin, with symbols stopping in view at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols (starting from the left) on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. 3 or more Bonus Scatter symbols anywhere in view reels awards the Lotus Flower Bonus. Reel Wins Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. All Wins across all different lines are added together to form the total win. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive lines beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Scatter wins are added to any line wins. Wild Symbol The Wild symbol can be used to help form line wins by substituting for other symbols. The Wild symbol cannot substitute for scatter symbols or bonus symbols. Only the highest paying win on each line is paid (for example 3 wild symbols being a win or those symbols being used with another symbol to make a win of 4 symbols will only pay which of those two is the highest). Golden Dragon Bonus Matching 3 Scatter symbols in view initiates the Golden Dragon Bonus. The Golden Dragon Bonus is a free spins feature, which is played on enhanced reels. After an initial award of Free Spins, the game transfers to a new layout containing 4 sets of reels, but with only 1 set active (bottom left). The initial award of free spins is dependent on the number of symbols that trigger the bonus: 3xScatter awards 15 Free Spins 4xScatter awards 20 Free Spins 5xScatter awards 50 Free Spins During Free Spins any Golden Dragon symbols that land in view are added to the COLLECTED panel below the reels. The Golden Dragon symbols are accumulated across all active sets of reels, with additional reels actived when the triggering number of Golden Dragon symbols have been accumulated. Each unlockable reel set also has an extra upgrade, giving the player the chance of bigger payouts: 12 Golden Dragon symbols unlocks reel set 2, which turns the Wild into an expanding wild. 18 Golden Dragon symbols unlocks reel set 3, which turns the Wild into an expanding wild and also eliminates the Ten, Jack and Queen symbols from that set of reels. 24 Golden Dragon symbols unlocks reel set 4, which turns the Wild into an expanding wild and also eliminates the Ten, Jack, Queen, King and Ace symbols from that set of reels. Unlocking any additional set of reels awards 5 extra Free Spins. Free Spins continue until all spins are used, where the player is awarded the amount displayed in the Bonus Winnings panel. Ladder Gamble During gameplay, the player can choose to toggle on the ladder gamble by clicking on the ladder gamble button. When on this means after any winning spin the player may enter the ladder gamble for a chance to improve their win. The gamble can be configured to the following options: GAMBLE OFF - No Gamble after any win GAMBLE 1xTotal Bet+ - Enters Gamble after a win of any kind/value 1xTotal Bet or higher GAMBLE 5xTotal Bet+ - Enters Gamble after a win of any kind/value 5xTotal Bet or higher The pie gamble offers the player a true odds chance and always plays at 100% random. By pressing the plus button to the right of the pie increments the ‘gamble to’ ladder and recalculates the pie, pressing the minus button decreases it. If the player commits to pressing the Gamble button, the arrow within the pie will spin and if the arrow lands in the green area the player wins the gamble. The player can gamble to take either a multiplier of their stake or Imperial Spins. By pressing the relevant button, the player will collect either the Imperial Spins or a multiplier. The player may save part of their win by pressing the Bank button, and continue to gamble. The player may press the Collect at any time and exit the gamble. Imperial Spins (only available through ladder gamble) If the player chooses to collect Imperial Spins, the reels will play out automatically with the number of Imperial Spins chosen to play. In Imperial Spins the nudging wild stacks will be in play. This means any Wild symbol which lands in view will expand to populate the reel, and thus becoming wild. If this is then part of any win, it is then calculated and paid. Auto Play By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to place up to 25 bets automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Free Spins. You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP AUTOPLAY' button. Payout Information and Game Rules Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. Wins on different paylines are added. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel (20 lines always active). Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Feature symbols are scatter wins and are awarded when appearing on any position on the reels for any number of played lines (20 lines always active). Multiple scatter features can be won in a single game. Scatter wins are paid in addition to reel wins. Free Spins are played on the same number of lines and bet per line/Total Bet as the triggering game (20 lines always active). MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. This game has a theoretical return to player of 95.53%. This is based on long term payback. Last modification date: 7/18/2017