Andy Capp INTRODUCTION Welcome to the hungover world of Andy Capp. Andy Capp is a 5-reel 20-line slot by Blueprint Gaming. Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. If you wish to cancel this during your auto spins then simply press the Stop Autoplay button. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game. The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 2, 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols (starting from the left) on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. Andy's Adventure Achieving 3 Bonus Symbols in reels 1, 3 and 5 triggers Andy's Adventure. Andy will wake from his slumber and walk across the screen to one of the five potential locations. When Andy stops at the location of his choice, the bonus will be presented to the player. The Jolly Riveter Super Bonus Having Andy walk to the Jolly Riveter and stop here awards the Jolly Riveter Super Bonus. Play through a super spin collecting Andy Capp top paying symbols. Every Andy Capp symbol collected increases the players total big money multiplier. Pick from Beer Taps to respin the reels or collect. The Boozer Free Spins Having Andy walk to the Boozer and stop here awards the Boozer Free Spins. Play through Free Spins collecting Wilds over 10 Free Spins. When all 10 Free Spins have been played out, the collected Wilds are put back onto the reels on Last Orders for one super spin. The player will then be offered to pick from a beer tap where they can either respin the reels or collect their winnings. If respin is picked the reels respin and wilds are added back onto the reels. On Me 'Ead Free Spins Having Andy walk to the football pitch and stop here awards the On Me 'Ead Free Spins. Play through unlimited Free Spins with sticky wilds active. On any spin have Andy Capp head the football and if it ends up in the back of the net then the player is awarded a GOAL Wild which remains sticky throughout Free Spins. Free Spins ends when the player collects a warning, a yellow card and finally a red card. The Bookies Bonus Having Andy walk to the Bookies and stop here awards the Bookies Bonus. The player will be presented 3 bet slips which they can pick the volatility of the bonus. When the player picks their bet, Andy will enter the betting shop and will be presented with a pick me rosettes. Pick from Rosettes and reveal a multiplier, pick a Collect to end the feature and pick three Trophies to win a big money multiplier. Lets Play Darts Bonus Having Andy walk to the Dart Board and stop here awards the Lets Play Darts Bonus. The player will be presented a dart board where Andy will throw three darts at the board. Whatever numbers Andy hits on the board will be the multiplier the player will be awarded. Win up to 180x stake in the Let's Play Darts Bonus. After the third dart the winnings will be paid to the player. Hungover Andy On any spin Hungover Andy can dream of one of the three below events. Just watch out for Mrs Capp, she'll ruin any of Andy's dreams. Dream Women: As the reels continue to spin, dream clouds will spam out of Andy’s head and populate reel positions. They will reveal a mystery symbol. As they reveal a symbol a separate dream cloud will appear of either a beautiful woman or Mrs Capp. Each time a beautiful woman is revealed, the symbol upgrades. If Mrs Capp is revealed, the modifier ends. Colossal Ale: A giant 3x3 Colossal Ale symbol is added to the reels, this will spin with the reels and can deliver any symbol including the BONUS symbol. Andy's Wild Dream: Random Andy Capp Wilds (Andy with his arms around two busty ladies) will get added to the reels. Jackpot King Deluxe Pot System During any spin there is a chance that the Jackpot King Deluxe Bonus can be triggered by achieving 5 Jackpot King Deluxe overlay symbols on reels 1 to 5. The Jackpot King Deluxe Pot System is available on any stake on any game plugged into the Jackpot King Deluxe System. Spin the reels to accumulate Crown symbols to move up the win ladder. Achieve 15+ Crown symbols to enter the Wheel King section of the feature. After any spin CHOOSE AN ICON to reveal one of the following outcomes: SPIN - spins the reels again, with any additional Crown symbols in view adding to the win ladder. COLLECT – ends the feature with the player being awarded a Bonus Win based on the multiplier of their Total Bet reached on the win ladder. WHEEL KING - reveal this to go directly into the Wheel King round of the feature. Achieving 15+ Crown Symbols during the Jackpot King Deluxe Bonus awards the Wheel King Bonus. The Wheel King Feature is a Tombola style Wheel consisting of Big Win Multiplier segments and Progressive pot segments. Spin the wheel to win either a Big Total Bet Multiplier or a Jackpot. NOTE - The Jackpot King Deluxe Jackpots can only be won during the Wheel King part of the bonus. When a jackpot is won, it is reset to the Reserve amount and begins to rise again. The chances of winning a jackpot increases based on the Jackpot value (Royal and Regal pots are guaranteed to be won by the 'Must Be Won By' value). Simultaneous jackpot wins cannot occur. Should two players appear to win the jackpot at the same time the first player to trigger the jackpot will win the whole jackpot amount, the second player would win the reserve pot plus any further contributions made. In the event of a communication error after a promotional pot win result has been determined and before it has been displayed on screen, the win amount will automatically be transferred to the player's account. While the game is live, the jackpot cannot be terminated. If the game is removed, the outstanding pool amount can be transferred to another jackpot. Jackpots are funded by contributions from the player's stake except for the initial seeds which are funded by the Operator. Auto Play By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to place up to 100 bets automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round. You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Other Features SOUND ON/OFF: Select this from the OPTIONS menu to switch on/off the sound within the game. MALFUNCTION VOIDS PAYS AND PLAYS. This game has 93.20% RTP which includes a 0.5% jackpot contribution The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 11/3/2020