Red Hot Repeater INTRODUCTION See fruits galore in this 3x3 slot. Watch out for a full reel of matching symbols which triggers the Red Hot Repeater Feature. Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select your Bet from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. If you wish to cancel this during your auto spins then simply press the Stop Autoplay button which will appear at the top of where the Autoplay button was previously along with the remaining number of spins. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game. The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 3 matching symbols on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. Red Hot Repeater Feature If the same symbol appears 9 times on the screen the Red Hot Repeater feature will be started. A Fullscreen can be won again within the feature. If the running light stops on a STOP field then the feature is ended. If it stops on a WIN field then the Fullscreen win is won again. The repeater feature can take place a maximum of six times. Reel Wins Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. All Wins across all different lines are added together to form the total win. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive adjacent reels (5 winlines always active). Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Auto Play There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to place up to 100 bets automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. (The following additional functions are also applicable depending on jurisdiction) Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Freespins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button Payout Information and Game Rules Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. Wins on different paylines are added. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels beginning with the far left or far right reel (5 lines always active). MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 This game has a theoretical return to player of 95.65%. Last modification date: 6/4/2020