Kong's Temple INTRODUCTION Kong's Temple™ is a 5-reel 25-line slot. Legends speak of an ancient, treasure-filled temple inhabited by mighty Gorillas. Journey to the temple's peak and watch in awe as these majestic guardians reward you with multipliers of up to 8x for your wins! Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. If you wish to cancel this during your auto Spins then simply press the Stop Autoplay button. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game. The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 2, 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols starting from the left on one of the win lines, then you win. Gorilla symbols Substitutes for all symbols except scatter symbols. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. Each Reel with Gorilla symbols on it adds a multiplier to any wins on screen. 1 Gorilla = x2 all wins, 2 Gorillas = x3 all wins, and 3 Gorillas = 4x all wins. 3 or more Scatter (Temple) symbols in view will trigger the Free Spins Bonus. During Free Spins all wins are always x2. During Free Spins 1 Gorilla = x4 all wins, 2 Gorillas = x6 all wins, and 3 Gorillas = 8x all wins. Reel Wins Line wins are multiplied by bet per line. All Wins across different pay lines are added together to form the total win. All line pay symbols (except Scatter Temple) must appear on a played line, on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Scatter wins are added to any line wins. Wild Symbol The Wild symbol can be used to help form line wins by substituting for other symbols. The Wild symbol cannot substitute for scatter symbols or bonus symbols. Each Reel with the Wild symbols (Gorilla symbols) on it adds a multiplier to any wins on screen. Free Spins 3 or more Scatter (Temple) symbols in view will trigger the Free Spins Bonus. During Free Spins all wins are always x2. During Free Spins 1 Gorilla = x4 all wins, 2 Gorillas = x6 all wins, and 3 Gorillas = 8x all wins. Free Spins can be retriggered during the Free Spins Feature. Free Spins continue until all free spins are used, where the player is awarded the amount of the bonus winnings accumulated. Auto Play There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to place up to 100 bets automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. (The following additional functions are also applicable depending on jurisdiction) Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Freespins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules Line wins are multiplied by bet per line. Wins on different paylines are added. All line pay symbols, except Scatters and Special symbols in the free games must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel (25 lines always active). Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Temple symbols are scatter wins and are awarded when appearing on any position on the reels. Scatter wins are paid in addition to line wins. Free Spins are played on the same number of lines and bet per line/Total Bet as the triggering game (25 lines always active). MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. RTP is 96.05% The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 WINLINES Last modification date: 6/4/2020