Hope Diamond INTRODUCTION RTP: 96.51% Journey into the sparkling Diamond Mine to search for ultimate riches which lay tantalisingly within your grasp! Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. If you wish to cancel this during your auto spins then simply press the Stop Autoplay button. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game. The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 2, 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols (starting from the left) on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. 6 MONEY Scatter Symbols in view awards Diamonds Forever. Hope Diamond Modifiers Big Bang Dynamite Wilds- Wilds will land on the next reel spin. Colossal Dynamite Wilds- Colossal Wild symbol will turn up to 9 positions wild. Explosive Dynamite Wilds- Wilds will land on the next reel spin, these will spread to nearby reel position. Diamonds Forever Bonus- 6 MONEY Scatter Symbols are added randomly to the reels. Guaranteeing Diamonds Forever. Wild Symbol The Wild Symbol can be used to help form wins by substituting for other symbols excluding scatter symbols. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. Wild substitutes for all symbols except Scatter and MONEY Diamonds. MONEY Scatter MONEY Scatter Symbols can appear on any reel, in any position. MONEY Scatter wins are awarded in addition to reel wins. 6 MONEY Scatter Symbols in view awards Diamonds Forever. Diamonds Forever At the start of Diamonds Forever the triggering MONEY Scatter Symbols will be held in place. All other positions will spin individually with only MONEY Scatter Symbols being active. The player has 3 spins to be awarded additional MONEY Scatter Symbols in view. Landing a MONEY Scatter Symbol in view will reset the Spins Remaining to 3. Standard Symbols have no value. Landing in no MONEY Scatter Symbols 3 times in a row, or filling every position with MONEY Scatter Symbols will end Diamonds Forever. At the end of Diamonds Forever, the total winnings will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited to the players account and regular play then resumes. Diamond Trail Every base game spin, any BONUS Scatters landing in view will partly fill the bottom cart in the ladder with diamonds. Any diamonds added to the trail, are held separately for each stake. 100 BONUS Scatters completes the Diamond Trail and automatically triggers Diamond Spins. Diamond Spins Diamond Spins are awarded by completely filling the Diamond trail on the left of the screen. The player has 3 spins to be awarded MONEY Scatter Symbols in view. Landing MONEY Scatter Symbol in view will add the win to the Bonus Win panel. Every MONEY Scatter Symbol will add to the Bonus Win regardless of the number that land in view and do not hold over between spins. At the end of Diamond Spins, the total winnings will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited to the players account and regular play then resumes. Auto Play There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to place up to 100 bets automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. (The following additional functions are also applicable depending on jurisdiction) Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Freespins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Last modification date: 11/18/2020