Deal or No Deal Megaways The Golden Box INTRODUCTION RTP: 95.99% Deal Or No Deal MEGAWAYS™: The Golden Box is a 6-reel slot featuring up to 117,649 ways to win as well as cascading symbols which can trigger one of three Deal Or No Deal bonus rounds or the all new Golden Box bonus. Can you unlock the Golden Box? Step 1: Getting Started Press the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Press 'SPIN' to start your game. There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. If you wish to cancel this during your auto spins, press the Stop Autoplay button. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game. The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 2, 3, 4, 5 or 6 matching symbols (starting from the left most reel) on any of the MEGAWAYS™, then you win. Any winnings you have will be highlighted causing an explosion and more symbols will cascade in. Winnings will be credited to your account balance. Cascading Symbols All winning symbols will cause a chain reaction. The winning symbols will be removed from the reels and replaced by new symbols coming from above the reels. There are symbol positions above reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. They help form wins and are the only positions that can reveal Wild Symbols. These will be replaced from the right. Cascades will continue until no more winning symbols are generated. MEGAWAYS™ Each reel can reveal up to 7 symbols in view. Each spin can have up to 117,649 ways to win. A win is matching consecutive symbols, regardless of height, from left to right starting from the left most reel. All winning combinations are added together. Payouts are multiplied by stake. MEGAWAYS™ under licence from Big Time Gaming. Wild Symbol The Wild Symbol can only appear in the positions above reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. The Wild Symbol can be used to help form wins by substituting for other symbol excluding scatter symbols. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. Mystery Symbol The Mystery Symbol can appear in any position during the Banker's Mystery Spin modifier and during free spins. All Mystery Symbols in view will reveal the same random symbol. The Mystery Symbol cannot reveal scatter symbols. Golden Box Achieving 7 or more consecutive winning cascades or revealing the Golden Box icon from the final box in Mega Deal Or No Deal awards The Golden Box bonus. Choose from 1 of 3 golden boxes to reveal a number of free spins. A maximum of 30 Free Spins can be won from The Golden Box bonus. Deal Or No Deal After a short screen transition the player will be presented with the Deal Or No Deal Studio, with different awards depending on the level of Deal Or No Deal triggered. Deal Or No Deal - cash and free spin prizes as well as the Bronze Box as the top prize; Super Deal Or No Deal - less cash prizes but with more free spin prizes and the Silver Box Bonus as the top prize; Mega Deal Or No Deal - all free spin prizes with the Golden Box Bonus as the top prize. Choose your lucky box then play a real game of Deal Or No Deal against the banker. At the end of every round he will make you an offer and it is up to you to Deal Or No Deal? If at any point the Deal is taken, there is a chance the Banker can award you Banker's Bonus Spins in addition to the cash offer. These are free spins played out after the Deal Or No Deal feature. Play to the end and reveal a Bronze, Silver or Gold Box to be awarded a pick from one of three matching coloured boxes to be guaranteed a free spins prize. Free Spins During Free Spins the Unlimited Win Multiplier will increase by 1 after every cascade. During Free Spins the positions above reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 can reveal Free Spins Scatters and will award extra Free Spins: 3 Free Spins Scatters = 5 extra Free Spins. 4 Free Spins Scatters = 10 extra Free Spins. The Total Bet that was used to trigger the Free Spins will be used for the Free Spins duration. At the end of Free Spins, the total winnings for the spins will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited to the players account and regular play then resumes. Auto Play There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to place up to 100 bets automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Free Spins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules Scatter wins are awarded in addition to reel wins. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Last modification date: 10/29/2020