The Pig Wizard INTRODUCTION The Pig Wizard is a 5-reel 20-line slot with a mystical fantasy theme. The game has 2 exciting, interactive features as well a Free Spins Bonus with WILDs and Magic Mirrors and a Progressive Jackpot. Look out for The Pig Wizard appearing during any spin where he can change the symbols to create a win or award the Bonus...Winnus Revealo!!! CONTENTS How To Play Bonus Features Progressive Jackpot Auto Play Payout Information and Game Rules RTP How To Play Instructions Click '+' and '-' buttons to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL STAKE. Bet from 20p up to £500 (or currency equivalent). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 2, 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols (starting from the left) on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. 2 Bonus Scatter symbols anywhere on reels 1 and 3 followed by a Special Scatter Symbol on reel 5 awards 1 of 2 Bonuses. A Chest Scatter symbol on reel 5 awards the Mystery Win Bonus. A Magic Carpet Scatter symbol on reel 5 awards the Magic Carpet Bonus. There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. If you wish to cancel this during your auto spins then simply press the Stop Autoplay button which will appear at the top of where the Autoplay button was previously along with the remaining number of spins. Reel Wins Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. All Wins across all different lines are added together to form the total win. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive lines beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Scatter wins are added to any line wins. Wild Symbol The Wild symbol (Trotter Wild) can be used to help form line wins by substituting for other symbols. The Wild symbol cannot substitute for scatter symbols or bonus symbols. Only the highest paying win on each line is paid (for example 3 wild symbols being a win or those symbols being used with another symbol to make a win of 4 symbols will only pay which of those two is the highest). Bonus Features Magical Map Bonus 3 Bonus Scatter symbols anywhere on reels 1, 3 and 5 awards the Mystical Map Bonus. Revealing Free Spins awards the Magic Mirror Free Spins Bonus. Revealing Trail of Magic awards the Trail of Magic Bonus. Revealing Squeal or no Squeal awards the Squeal or no Squeal Bonus. Revealing Bonus Cash Prize awards a Bonus Mystery Win. Revealing the Progressive Jackpot symbol awards the Progressive, before allowing the player to choose from the map again to reveal a Feature. Trail of Magic Bonus Revealing Trail of Magic during the Mystical Map Bonus will start the Trail of Magic bonus. Roll the dice to move around the board collecting multipliers, potions and crystal balls. There are three potions on the trail, each with a different effect. GHOST creates a mystical version of the Pig Wizard which moves around the board as you do, collecting multipliers and potions. MYSTERY ADD can increase your current win as well as upping the values displayed on the board. Land on a crystal ball to see the future which reveals a mystery outcome! Continue moving around the board to try and win magical prizes. If the poison bottle is filled then the Pig Wizard is turned into a Frog and the feature ends, where you are awarded the value displayed in the Winnings panel. Squeal Or No Squeal Bonus Revealing Squeal or no Squeal during the Mystical Map Bonus will start the Squeal or no Squeal bonus. Select a Book to reveal a cash prize. Press SQUEAL to collect that prize or NO SQUEAL to pick again. The feature continues until the player collects a prize or has selected 5 books. Bonus Cash Prize Revealing Bonus Cash Prize during the Mystical Map Bonus will award the player a mystery cash prize, which is a multiplier of their Total Bet. Jackpot King Promotional Pot System During any spin there is a chance that the Jackpot King Bonus can be triggered by achieving 5 Jackpot King overlay symbols on reels 1 to 5. The Jackpot King Promotional Pot System is available on any stake on any game plugged into the Jackpot King Promotional Pot. Spin the reels to accumulate Crown symbols to move up the win ladder. Achieve 15+ Crown symbols to enter the Wheel King section of the feature. After any spin CHOOSE AN ICON to reveal one of the following outcomes: SPIN - spins the reels again, with any additional Crown symbols in view adding to the win ladder. COLLECT – ends the feature with the player being awarded a Bonus Win based on the multiplier of their Total Bet reached on the win ladder. WHEEL KING - reveal this to go directly into the Wheel King round of the feature. Achieving 15+ Crown Symbols during the Jackpot King Bonus awards the Wheel King Bonus. The Wheel King Feature is a Tombola style Wheel consisting of Big Win Multiplier segments and Jackpot King Progressive pot segments. Spin the wheel to win either a Big Total Bet Multiplier or the Jackpot King Promotional Jackpot. NOTE - The Jackpot King Promotional Jackpot can only be won during the Wheel King part of the bonus. When the Promotional Pot is won, it is reset and begins to rise again. Simultaneous jackpot wins cannot occur. Should two players appear to win the jackpot at the same time the first player to trigger the jackpot will win the whole jackpot amount, the second player would win the reserve pot plus any further contributions made. In the event of a communication error after a promotional pot win result has been determined and before it has been displayed on screen, the win amount will automatically be transferred to the player's account. While the game is live, the jackpot cannot be terminated. If the game is removed, the outstanding pool amount can be transferred to another jackpot. The above rules may be modified at the licensee’s discretion. From time to time the Operator may remove funds from the Promotional Jackpot in order to run promotions. Terms and Conditions relating to these promotions will be clearly displayed on the website throughout the promotional period. When the jackpot is won, it is reset to the Reserve Pot amount and begins to rise again (0.26% reserve). Jackpots are funded by contributions from the player's stake except for the initial seed which is funded by the Operator (1.96% + 0.26% reserve). Auto Play There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to place up to 100 bets automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Freespins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button Payout Information and Game Rules Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. Wins on different paylines are added. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel (20 lines always active). Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Feature symbols are scatter wins and are awarded when appearing on any position on the reels for any number of played lines (20 lines always active). Multiple scatter features can be won in a single game. Scatter wins are paid in addition to reel wins. Free Spins are played on the same number of lines and bet per line/Total Bet as the triggering game (20 lines always active). MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. RTP This game has 91.1-94.24% RTP which includes a 0.5% jackpot contribution The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 8/28/2020