Mars Attacks INTRODUCTION Mars Attacks is a 5-reel 20-line slot based on the cult movie of the same name! The game has 5 Bonus rounds as well as a chance for a Big Money boost where you can win up to 1000xTotal Bet! Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. If you wish to cancel this during your auto spins then simply press the Stop Autoplay button. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game. The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 2, 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols (starting from the left) on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. 3 or more Bonus Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels awards 1 of 5 Bonus rounds. Reel Wins Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. All Wins across all different lines are added together to form the total win. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive lines beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Scatter wins are added to any line wins. Wild Symbol The Wild(s) symbol can be used to help form line wins by substituting for other symbols. The Wild(s) symbol substitute for all symbols except scatter symbols or bonus symbols. Only the highest paying win on each line is paid (for example 3 wild symbols being a win or those symbols being used with another symbol to make a win of 4 symbols will only pay which of those two is the highest). Wild symbols include: Skeleton Wild, Expanding D.N.A. Wild and Roaming Robot Wild. Mars Attacks Modifiers The Mars Attacks Modifiers can be triggered randomly during any spin: Radiation Blaster - Places Wilds onto the reels in random positions. Mega Shrink Ray - The reels will shrink so that 5 symbols appear in each reel. Wins are then paid for any consecutive symbols left to right regardless of position (3125 ways to win). Abduction Beam - The symbols on the reels will be taken away by the Mothership and a new reel set will cascade onto the screen. Expansion Cannon - A Mystery Symbol will be placed onto the reels which will begin to spread to nearby positions, eventually all Mystery Symbols in view will transform into a randomly selected symbol. Sub-Zero Lazer - Winning symbols will be frozen in place and the reels will re-spin, the reels will continue to re-spin until the win is no longer improved. Bonus Activation The player enters the bonus by achieving 3 or more bonus symbols anywhere in view. There is no payout awarded directly for getting this, just entry to one of the bonus rounds. If 4 Bonus Symbols land anywhere in view the lowest paying feature "Spy Hunter" will be automatically eliminated, meaning that the minimum Bonus that can be awarded is "We Come in Peace". After achieving 3 or 4 Bonus Symbols the player will be taken to a new screen and prompted to "Pick a Zone" from a world map. The selected Zone will be invaded by UFOs and award 1 of the available bonus rounds. The 5 Zones are: Europe Asia Africa Australia America (North and South) If 5 Bonus Symbols land in view the highest paying feature "Final Stand" will be automatically awarded and begin immediately. Spy Hunter Pick Suspects from a board to reveal Martians or Humans. Every Martian revealed will award a cash multiplier. Revealing 3 Humans will COLLECT the current bonus winnings. Finding the Martian Ambassador will award a BIG MONEY boost to your winnings and end the feature. We Come In Peace The player selects from containers which fill the banks at the sides of the screen. Once a bank has been filled its value will be awarded in the bonus winnings panel and 1 of the following will be presented: MULTIPLIER: A new multiplier is displayed in the Bank and the feature continues. BIG MONEY: When filled again awards a BIG MONEY boost to your bonus winnings and ends the feature. A special 'UPGRADE ARROW' can be revealed when selecting a container which will improve all cash multipliers on screen. The feature ends when the player reveals the 'Martian Orb' which explodes and collects the bonus winnings. D.N.A. Analysis The player will be taken to a new screen and awarded 5 Free Spins on a 4x5 reel set with Expanding D.N.A. Wilds active. An overlay of D.N.A. Wilds will scroll down the reels as they spin. The D.N.A. Wilds will eventually come to a stop. Any position covered by a D.N.A. Wild will be considered a Wild Symbol for that spin. After each spin all D.N.A. Wilds will expand by 1 symbol height. Martian Takeover The player will be taken to a new screen and awarded 10 Free Spins on a 3x5 reel set with Roaming Wilds active. Each spin has a chance to bring in a Roaming Robot Wild on any reel. This fills the entire reel and substitutes all symbols. After each spin the Roaming Robot Wild will move one reel to the left. Once the Roaming Robot Wild reaches the leftmost reel, on the next spin it will be removed. The feature ends on the last spin regardless of how many Roaming Robot Wilds remain on screen. Final Stand The player will be taken to a new screen and awarded unlimited Free Spins on a 3x5 reel set. On any spin a special Advance Symbol can appear on reel 2 for the Humans and reel 4 for the Martians. Either or both of these symbols appearing will cause their respective progress bar at the bottom of the screen to fill by 1 segment. The Humans will multiply wins and the Martians will eliminate symbols at specified milestones of the progress bar. The first progress bar to reach the final segment will end the feature. If the Humans win the player will be awarded an additional BIG MONEY boost to their winnings. Feature Gamble Whenever a Feature win is achieved in the game (except for Final Stand), the player has the option to either COLLECT the feature or Gamble to try and win one of the other features in the game. After the award of the initial Bonus, the player will be presented with a Gamble screen showing the 5 features from bottom to top, ranked in terms of average payout. The feature the player has won will be shown to the player with the words COLLECT and GAMBLE shown on the feature panel in the centre of the screen. If the player gambles and wins, the feature they have gambled to can be collected, with all features below that now eliminated. This continues until the player collects, reaches the top feature (where it awards that feature) or the player receives "DEFEATED" when selecting a Zone where they are then awarded a Mystery Win Prize (a mystery cash value based on a multiplier of the player's total bet). The odds of winning during the gamble feature are not necessarily the odds shown. Jackpot King Deluxe Pot System During any spin there is a chance that the Jackpot King Deluxe Bonus can be triggered by achieving 5 Jackpot King Deluxe overlay symbols on reels 1 to 5. The Jackpot King Deluxe Pot System is available on any stake on any game plugged into the Jackpot King Deluxe System. Spin the reels to accumulate Crown symbols to move up the win ladder. Achieve 15+ Crown symbols to enter the Wheel King section of the feature. After any spin CHOOSE AN ICON to reveal one of the following outcomes: SPIN - spins the reels again, with any additional Crown symbols in view adding to the win ladder. COLLECT – ends the feature with the player being awarded a Bonus Win based on the multiplier of their Total Bet reached on the win ladder. WHEEL KING - reveal this to go directly into the Wheel King round of the feature. Achieving 15+ Crown Symbols during the Jackpot King Deluxe Bonus awards the Wheel King Bonus. The Wheel King Feature is a Tombola style Wheel consisting of Big Win Multiplier segments and Progressive pot segments. Spin the wheel to win either a Big Total Bet Multiplier or a Jackpot. NOTE - The Jackpot King Deluxe Jackpots can only be won during the Wheel King part of the bonus. When a jackpot is won, it is reset to the Reserve amount and begins to rise again. The chances of winning a jackpot increases based on the Jackpot value (Royal and Regal pots are guaranteed to be won by the 'Must Be Won By' value). Simultaneous jackpot wins cannot occur. Should two players appear to win the jackpot at the same time the first player to trigger the jackpot will win the whole jackpot amount, the second player would win the reserve pot plus any further contributions made. In the event of a communication error after a promotional pot win result has been determined and before it has been displayed on screen, the win amount will automatically be transferred to the player's account. While the game is live, the jackpot cannot be terminated. If the game is removed, the outstanding pool amount can be transferred to another jackpot. Jackpots are funded by contributions from the player's stake except for the initial seeds which are funded by the Operator. Auto Play There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to place up to 100 bets automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Freespins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button Payout Information and Game Rules Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. Wins on different paylines are added. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel (20 lines always active). Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Feature symbols are scatter wins and are awarded when appearing on any position on the reels for any number of played lines. Multiple scatter features can be won in a single game. Scatter wins are paid in addition to reel wins. Free Spins are played on the same number of lines and bet per line/Total Bet as the triggering game (20 lines always active). MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. RTP The Return to player for this game is 96.44%. Translations of Game Terminology Note: The following is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Wild Wild Big Win Big Win Huge Win Huge Win Epic Win Epic Win Scatter Scatter Bonus Bonus Hidden Tunnel Hidden Tunnel The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 or 10,000xBet - whichever is reached first (or currency equivalent. Other Operator limits may apply). WINLINES WINLINES (D.N.A. Analysis) v2.0 Last modification date: 11/3/2020