Genie Jackpots Megaways INTRODUCTION The mystical Genie returns in Blueprint Gaming's Genie Jackpots MEGAWAYS™ with up to 15,625 ways to win. Trigger the Bonus to experience 4 magical Free Spins rounds, on any spin trigger a Genie Power Spin to activate reel enhancing modifiers. Experience the Genie Bet and dive into the Cave of Wonders for a guaranteed Free Spins round! Step 1: Getting Started Press the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. If you wish to cancel this during your auto spins, press the Stop Autoplay button. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game. The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 2, 3, 4, 5 or 6 matching symbols (starting from the left most reel) on any of the MEGAWAYS™, then you win. Any winnings you have will be highlighted and displayed to the player. Winnings will be credited to your account balance. Power Spin On any spin the Genie can appear from the lamp and award one of four modifiers; BONUS MEGAWAYS™ - Bonus Symbols are added to the reels for an increased chance of triggering the Bonus. WILD MEGAWAYS™ - Wild Symbols are added to the reels and guaranteed to award maximum ways to win. GENIE WILDS - Genie will fly to a reel turning it into a Wild Reel. Genie can hit the same reel repeatedly, multiplying that Wild Reel to a maximum of x5. GENIE WINSPIN - Mystery symbols are added to the reels by Genie. Mystery Symbols reveal any other symbol to create a win. MEGAWAYS™ Each reel can reveal up to 5 symbols in view. Each spin can have up to 15,625 ways to win. A win is matching consecutive symbols, regardless of height, from left to right starting from the left most reel. All winning combinations are added together. Payouts are multiplied by stake. MEGAWAYS™ under licence from Big Time Gaming. Wild Symbol The Wild Symbol can appear in reels 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6. The Wild Symbol can be used to help form wins by substituting for other symbol excluding scatter symbols. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. Scatter The Scatter Symbol can appear in any of the reels. 3 Scatter Symbols in view awards the Bonus with 10 Free Spins. 4 Scatter Symbols awards 12 Free Spins, 5 Scatter Symbols awards 15 Free Spins and 6 Scatter Symbols awards 20 Free Spins. Scatter wins are awarded in addition to reel wins. Triggering the Bonus will award the Cave of Wonders. Here the player will pick one of four lamps to reveal one of four Free Spins rounds. Mystery Wishes During Mystery Wishes mystery symbols are added to the reels by Genie. Any Mystery symbol which lands in view can reveal any other symbol. Mystery Wishes cannot be retriggered. The stake that was used to trigger the Free Spins will be used for the Free Spins duration. At the end of Free Spins, the total winnings for the spins will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited to the players account and regular play then resumes. Unlimited Multiplier During Unlimited Multiplier Free Spins there is an Unlimited Win Multiplier which increases by 1 every spin. During Free Spins 2 or more lamp (scatter) symbols in view can award extra Free Spins. 2 lamp symbols award 5 additional Free Spins. 3 = 10 Free Spins, 4 = 15 Free Spins, 5 = 20 Free Spins and 6 = 25 Free Spins. The stake that was used to trigger the Free Spins will be used for the Free Spins duration. At the end of Free Spins, the total winnings for the spins will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited to the players account and regular play then resumes. Genie Streak During Genie Streak Free Spins any win triggers a streak. During a Genie Streak the reels will hold any win and respin the other symbols in order to better the win. If the streak completely fills all reel positions, after the win, the Genie will appear to reveal three lamps awarding between 1-3 additional Free Spins. Whatever is revealed will be added to the spins remaining panel. The stake that was used to trigger the Free Spins will be used for the Free Spins duration. At the end of Free Spins, the total winnings for the spins will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited to the players account and regular play then resumes. Locking Wild During Locking Wild Free Spins any Genie Wild in view on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 will remain locked. Reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 will be maximum megaways, however reels 1 and 6 won't be fixed at maximum ways. If the player collects enough Wilds to fill the reel positions in any of reels 2, 3, 4 and 5, after the win, the Genie will appear to reveal three lamps awarding between 1-3 additional Free Spins. Whatever is revealed will be added to the spins remaining panel. The stake that was used to trigger the Free Spins will be used for the Free Spins duration. At the end of Free Spins, the total winnings for the spins will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited to the players account and regular play then resumes. Auto Play There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to place up to 100 bets automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Free Spins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Genie Bonus Wish Bet (depending on Operator configuration) Play the Genie Bonus Wish Bet to automatically trigger 3 or more Bonus (scatter) symbols for direct access into The Cave of Wonders. Pick 1 of 4 Lamps to reveal your Free Spins round. The Genie Bet will cost 100x the players stake. Translations of Game Terminology Note: The following is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Wild Wild Magical Win Magical Win Marvellous Win Marvellous Win Jinn-credible Win Jinn-credible Win Genie-us Win Genie-us Win Scatter Scatter Bonus Bonus Payout Information and Game Rules The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Last modification date: 6/4/2020