Return of Kong Megaways INTRODUCTION Return Of Kong is a 6-reel slot featuring MEGAWAYS™. Discover Monkey magic with up to 117,649 ways to win and cascading symbols as well as the Free Spins feature. During Free Spins the Unlimited Win Multiplier is active, which increases after every win. Watch out for the Mystery Symbol, all in view will reveal the same random symbol for even more ways to find your fortune. Also, collect Golden Monkeys to upgrade your minimum MEGAWAYS™! Step 1: Getting Started Press the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Press 'SPIN' to start your game. There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. If you wish to cancel this during your auto spins, press the Stop Autoplay button. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game. The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 2, 3, 4, 5 or 6 matching symbols (starting from the left most reel) on any of the MEGAWAYS™, then you win. Any winnings you have will be highlighted causing an explosion and more symbols will cascade in. Winnings will be credited to your account balance. Cascading Symbols All winning symbols will cause a chain reaction. The winning symbols will be removed from the reels and replaced by new symbols coming from above the reels. There are symbol positions above reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. They help form wins and are the only positions that can reveal Wild Symbols. These will be replaced from the right. Cascades will continue until no more winning symbols are generated. MEGAWAYS™ Each reel can reveal up to 7 symbols in view. Each spin can have up to 117,649 ways to win. A win is matching consecutive symbols, regardless of height, from left to right starting from the left most reel. All winning combinations are added together. Payouts are multiplied by stake. MEGAWAYS™ under licence from Big Time Gaming. Wild Symbol The Wild Symbol can only appear in the positions above reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. The Wild Symbol can be used to help form wins by substituting for other symbol excluding scatter symbols. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. Mystery Symbol The Mystery Symbol can appear in any position. All Mystery Symbols in view will reveal the same random symbol. The Mystery Symbol cannot reveal scatter symbols. The Mystery Symbol is triggered by the Mystery Kong modifier in the main game and is active during every spin in free spins. Scatter The Scatter Symbol can appear in any of the reels but not in the positions above reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. Scatter wins are awarded in addition to reel wins. 4 Scatter Symbols in view awards Free Spins. Triggering Free Spins with more than 4 Scatter Symbols will award additional Free Spins. Free Spins During Free Spins there is an Unlimited Win Multiplier active which starts at 1 and is increased by 1 after every Cascade. Collecting 3 Golden Monkeys upgrades the minimum number of MEGAWAYS™ and awards 2 additional Free Spins. The stake that was used to trigger the Free Spins will be used for the Free Spins duration. At the end of Free Spins, the total winnings for the spins will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited to the players account and regular play then resumes. MEGAWAYS™ Wheel (depending on Operator configuration) The MEGAWAYS™ Wheel can be activated during the Base Game. Once activated the wheels will spin and guarantee a minimum of spins and minimum number of MEGAWAYS™. The MEGAWAYS™ Wheel Bonus Bet is played at 20x Total Bet. Bonus Bet (depending on Operator configuration) The Bonus Bet can be activated during the Base Game. The bonus bet allows you to buy the bonus for the price displayed. The Bonus Bet is played at 100x Total Bet. Mystery Bonus Bet (depending on Operator configuration) The Mystery Bonus Bet can be activated during the Base Game. Once activated the wheels will spin and guarantee a minimum of free spins and minimum number of MEGAWAYS™. The Mystery Bonus Bet is played at 150x Total Bet. Auto Play There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to place up to 100 bets automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Free Spins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. RETURN TO PLAYER The theoretical return to player of this game is 96.03%. Payout Information and Game Rules The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS.