Diamond Mine Extra Gold All Action INTRODUCTION Diamond Mine Extra Gold ALL ACTION is a 6-reel slot featuring MEGAWAYS™. Strike GOLD in this diamond digging extravaganza with up to 117,649 ways to win, Cascading symbols and an Unlimited Win Multiplier, which increases after every win. Watch out for the TNT Symbol, all in view will explode to reveal the same random symbol for even more ways to find your fortune! Step 1: Getting Started Press the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Press 'PLAY' to start your game. Step 2: How To Play Press 'PLAY' to start your game. Select your Gold Spins option to play Gold Spins. During Gold Spins if the combination of symbols appear on the reels forms a line of 2, 3, 4, 5 or 6 matching symbols (starting from the left most reel) on any of the MEGAWAYS ™, then you win. Any winnings you have will be highlighted causing an explosion and more symbols will cascade in. Winnings will be credited to your account balance. Cascading Symbols All winning symbols will cause a chain reaction. The winning symbols will be removed from the reels and replaced by new symbols coming from above the reels. There are symbol positions above reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. They help form wins and are the only positions that can reveal Wild Symbols. These will be replaced from the right. Cascades will continue until no more winning symbols are generated. MEGAWAYS™ Each reel can reveal up to 7 symbols in view. Each spin can have up to 117,649 ways to win. A win is matching consecutive symbols, regardless of height, from left to right starting from the left most reel. All winning combinations are added together. MEGAWAYS™ under licence from Big Time Gaming. Wild Symbol The Wild Symbol can only appear in the positions above reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. The Wild Symbol can be used to help form wins by substituting for other symbol excluding scatter symbols. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. TNT Symbol The TNT Symbol can appear in any position. All TNT Symbols in view will reveal the same random symbol. The TNT Symbol cannot reveal scatter symbols. Gold Spins Selection Select your Gold Spins option to play Gold Spins. Gold Spins During Gold Spins the Unlimited Win Multiplier will increase by 1 after every cascade. During Gold Spins the positions above reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 can reveal Gold Spins Scatters and will award extra Gold Spins. 3 Gold Spins Scatters = 5 extra Gold Spins. 4 Gold Spins Scatters = 10 extra Gold Spins. The Total Bet that was used to trigger the Gold Spins will be used for the Gold Spins duration. At the end of Gold Spins, the total winnings for the spins will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited to the players account and regular play then resumes. Gamble Before the Gold Spins starts the player can choose to Gamble the number of spins they start with. A winning outcome will award the relevant number of Gold Spins. Any losing gamble will award the relevant number of Gold Spins. Pressing COLLECT will award the Gold Spins and start the Gold Spins bonus round. Payout Information and Game Rules The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. RTP is 97.03% Last modification date: 6/4/2020