Lucky Pharaoh INTRODUCTION Lucky Pharaoh is a 5-reel 10-line slot with super stacked symbols and adjacent pays. The game also contains all new Action Spins, where the player can collect their win or use them to buy super enriched Action Spins! CONTENTS How To Play Action Spins Auto Play Payout Information and Game Rules RTP How To Play Instructions Touch the Total Bet button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL STAKE. Touch the button touch one of the Bet options to select your price of play. Bet from 20p up to £500 (depending on operator configuration and currency) by touching the value of the Total Bet you wish to play. Click 'SPIN' to start your game. The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols (on adjacent reels) on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. If you wish to cancel this during your auto spins then simply press the Stop Autoplay button which will appear at the top of where the Autoplay button was previously along with the remaining number of spins. Reel Wins Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. All Wins across all different lines are added together to form the total win. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive adjacent reels. Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Scatter wins (if applicable) are added to any line wins. Bonus Feature Action Spins The player may choose to play Action Spins after any win of 4xTotalBet or higher. Action Spins are played on 4 sets of reels at once, giving 4 chances to win each spin. On triggering Action Spins, the player is presented with a pop up showing their current win value, as well as the option to play Action Spins on their current stake. Alternatively, the player can choose to change their stake and play more or less Action Spins (dependent on stake) at the new stake value. During Action Spins the Lucky Pharaoh Mystery Symbol is active. During any spin where a Mystery Symbol appears in view, a symbol is chosen at random to be displayed in all Mystery Symbols in view. Auto Play There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to place up to 100 bets automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. (The following additional functions are also applicable depending on jurisdiction) Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Freespins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button Payout Information and Game Rules Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. Wins on different paylines are added. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on adjacent reels (10 lines always active). The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. RTP This game has a theoretical return to player: 94.00%: main game. 96.25%: action spins. This is based on long term payback, price of play and win capping where applicable. Last modification date: 6/4/2020