Triple Flame INTRODUCTION Prepare yourself for one of the hottest gaming experiences around! Triple Flame is a 5-Reel 10-Line slot. Your game will really heat up with expanded wilds and free respins whenever a flame lands. Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. If you wish to cancel this during your auto spins then simply press the Stop Autoplay button. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game. The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols starting from the left or the right on one of the win lines, then you win. Flames substitute for all symbols. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. Reel Wins Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. All Wins across all different lines are added together to form the total win. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive lines beginning with the far left or far right reels. Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Five of a kind line wins are only paid for one direction (left to right). Scatter wins are added to any line wins. Wild Symbol The Wild symbol can be used to help form line wins by substituting for other symbols. Only the highest paying win on each line is paid (for example 3 wild symbols being a win or those symbols being used with another symbol to make a win of 4 symbols will only pay which of those two is the highest). Five of a kind line wins are only paid for one direction (left to right). Flame Respin Flame symbols, appearing only on reels 2, 3, or 4, expand to cover the whole reel. After expanding, the Flame substitutes for all symbols and awards a free respin. During respin games, the Flame symbols are held and free respins continue until no more Flame symbols land. Auto Play There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to place up to 100 bets automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. (The following additional functions are also applicable depending on jurisdiction) Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Freespins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button Payout Information and Game Rules Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. Wins on different paylines are added. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels beginning with the far left or the far right reel (10 lines always active). Only the highest line win is paid on each line and five of a kind wins are only paid once (left to right). Respins are played on the same number of lines and bet per line/Total Bet as the triggering game (10 lines always active). MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/4/2020