Count Duckula INTRODUCTION Welcome to the world of vicious vampire ducks! Count Duckula is a 5-reel 20-line slot game with spooktacular wins! The game has 5 bonus features as well as modifiers which can be triggered on any spin by Duckula, Igor or Nanny! Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. If you wish to cancel this during your auto spins then simply press the Stop Autoplay button which will appear where the Autoplay button was previously along with the remaining number of spins. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game. The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 2, 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols (starting from the left) on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. 3 or more Bonus Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels awards a Bonus. The Bonus is determined by what is awarded in Duckula's Wall of Fame. Reel Wins Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. All Wins across all different lines are added together to form the total win. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive lines beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Scatter wins are added to any line wins. Wild Symbol The Wild(s) symbol can be used to help form line wins by substituting for other symbols. The Wild(s) symbol cannot substitute for scatter symbols or bonus symbols. Only the highest paying win on each line is paid (for example 3 wild symbols being a win or those symbols being used with another symbol to make a win of 4 symbols will only pay which of those two is the highest). In-Game Modifiers On any spin Duckula, Igor or Nanny can be active. They will first appear at the side of the reels, then walk on if activated. This will award one of the following modifiers. - Duckula Wilds - Duckula will walk on and disappear into a wild. This will then spawn wilds on the reels. He will then come out of the wilds and the reels will land. - Igor Mystery potion - Igor will walk onto the screen with a tray of potions. He will fall by the reels and the potions will explode leaving mystery symbols on the reels. These will reveal to display one of the same symbol. - Nanny Colossal Wilds - Nanny will walk on and a Colossal Wild will be added. She will pull the wild onto the reel and then a 3x3 Colossal wild symbol can land. - Duckula's Winged Winspin - After a spin, Duckula can walk on and call for his bats to take away symbols to reveal jackpot symbols. Bonus Activation The player enters the bonus by achieving 3 bonus symbols anywhere on the reels. There is no payout awarded directly for getting this, just entry to one of the bonus rounds via the Duckula Wall of Fame. There will be 5 unique bonuses, which can be won, determined by the Bonus which lands in the reel. The player can also gamble during the Wall of Fame to improve their Bonus. Losing Gambles will result in a mystery win. Tombstone Bonus After a short transition the player will be presented with a number of tombstones. Here the player will pick from tombstones to reveal cash values until they reveal Dr Von Goosewing. When Dr Von Goosewing is found, the feature ends. Ancestor Pick Me Bonus After a short screen transition the player will be presented with a secondary bonus screen where picture frames are on the wall in Castle Duckula. The player will pick picture frames to be awarded multipliers. Revealing 3 Duckula heads will take the player straight into the Super Bonus, however revealing Dr Von Goosewing ends the feature. Dr Von Goosewing Free Spins A screen transition will occur and the player will be taken to a new destination, Dr Von Goosewing's lair featuring Sticky Wilds. Here the player will play out 10 Free Spins with sticky wilds active. When the player uses all 10 Free Spins, Free Spins is over and the winnings are paid to the player. Wild Heart Free Spins A screen transition will occur and the player will be taken to a new destination, Castle Duckula featuring Wild Hearts. Here the player will play 10 Free Spins on 4x5 reels across 40 winlines. The player can collect a maximum of 20 Wild Hearts during the feature and at the end of the feature, a Duckula Wild Spin can be activated. During a Duckula Wild Spin, previously collected wilds are moved back to the reels and shuffled. Duckula's Wild Spin can be retriggered multiple times. Free Spins is over and the winnings are paid to the player. Duckula's Big Money Bonus A screen transition will occur and the player will be taken to a new destination, Duckula's Big Money Bonus. A scene where Dr Von Goosewing has strapped Duckula to a money wheel. Here the player will play multiple spins on the money wheel where every segment they land on they are awarded a big money multiplier. When they have landed on the value, this then turns into a Dr Von Goosewing segment. When the player lands on Dr Von Goosewing, the big money round is over. Jackpot King Deluxe Pot System During any spin there is a chance that the Jackpot King Deluxe Bonus can be triggered by achieving 5 Jackpot King Deluxe overlay symbols on reels 1 to 5. The Jackpot King Deluxe Pot System is available on any stake on any game plugged into the Jackpot King Deluxe System. Spin the reels to accumulate Crown symbols to move up the win ladder. Achieve 15+ Crown symbols to enter the Wheel King section of the feature. After any spin CHOOSE AN ICON to reveal one of the following outcomes: SPIN - spins the reels again, with any additional Crown symbols in view adding to the win ladder. COLLECT – ends the feature with the player being awarded a Bonus Win based on the multiplier of their Total Bet reached on the win ladder. WHEEL KING - reveal this to go directly into the Wheel King round of the feature. Achieving 15+ Crown Symbols during the Jackpot King Deluxe Bonus awards the Wheel King Bonus. The Wheel King Feature is a Tombola style Wheel consisting of Big Win Multiplier segments and Progressive pot segments. Spin the wheel to win either a Big Total Bet Multiplier or a Jackpot. NOTE - The Jackpot King Deluxe Jackpots can only be won during the Wheel King part of the bonus. When a jackpot is won, it is reset to the Reserve amount and begins to rise again. The chances of winning a jackpot increases based on the Jackpot value (Royal and Regal pots are guaranteed to be won by the 'Must Be Won By' value). Simultaneous jackpot wins cannot occur. Should two players appear to win the jackpot at the same time the first player to trigger the jackpot will win the whole jackpot amount, the second player would win the reserve pot plus any further contributions made. In the event of a communication error after a promotional pot win result has been determined and before it has been displayed on screen, the win amount will automatically be transferred to the player's account. While the game is live, the jackpot cannot be terminated. If the game is removed, the outstanding pool amount can be transferred to another jackpot. Jackpots are funded by contributions from the player's stake except for the initial seeds which are funded by the Operator. Auto Play There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to place up to 100 bets automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. (The following additional functions are also applicable depending on jurisdiction) Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Freespins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button Payout Information and Game Rules Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. Wins on different paylines are added. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel (20 lines always active). Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Feature symbols are scatter wins and are awarded when appearing on any position on the reels for any number of played lines. Multiple scatter features can be won in a single game. Scatter wins are paid in addition to reel wins. Free Spins are played on the same number of lines and bet per line/Total Bet as the triggering game (20 lines always active). MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/4/2020