Super Lucky Charms INTRODUCTION Super Lucky Charms is a 10 win line slot with a Free Spins Bonus, where all wins are multiplied by x3! Step 1: Getting Started Click the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. If you wish to cancel this during your auto spins then simply press the Stop Autoplay button. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game. The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 2, 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols (starting from the left) on one of the win lines, then you win. Any winning lines you have will be highlighted and your winnings will be credited to your account balance. 3 or more Bonus Scatter symbols anywhere in view on the reels triggers the Free Spins Bonus. Reel Wins Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. All Wins across all different lines are added together to form the total win. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive lines beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Scatter wins are added to any line wins. Wild Symbol The Wild symbol can be used to help form line wins by substituting for other symbols and multiplies the win by up to x5 (wild only wins are not multiplied). The Wild symbol cannot substitute for scatter symbols or bonus symbols. Only the highest paying win on each line is paid (for example 3 wild symbols being a win or those symbols being used with another symbol to make a win of 4 symbols will only pay which of those two is the highest). Free Spins Bonus When 3 or more Bonus scatter symbols appear in view Free Spins are triggered. After an initial prize award based on the number of Scatter symbols in view, the player is awarded 15 Free Spins with all wins during Free Spins multiplied by x3 (except x5 Wild). Any wins are added to the Bonus Winnings meter. Free Spins continue until no Free Spins are left, where the player is awarded the amount shown in the Bonus Winnings display. Free Spins can be retriggered during Free Spins. Auto Play There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to place up to 100 bets automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Freespins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button Payout Information and Game Rules Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. Wins on different paylines are added. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels beginning with the far left reel (10 lines always active). Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Feature symbols are scatter wins and are awarded when appearing on any position on the reels for any number of played lines (10 lines always active). Multiple scatter features can be won in a single game. Scatter wins are paid in addition to reel wins. Free Spins are played on the same number of lines and bet per line/Total Bet as the triggering game (10 lines always active). MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. RTP is 96.13% The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Applicable date from: 16/10/1018 v1.0