Mighty Griffin Megaways Jackpot King INTRODUCTION Mighty Griffin is a 6-reel slot featuring MEGAWAYS™ with up to 117,649 ways to win. During Free Spins the Unlimited Win Multiplier is active, which increases after every win. Watch out for the Mystery Symbol, all in view will reveal the same random symbol for even more ways to find your fortune! Step 1: Getting Started Press the TOTAL BET button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL BET. Select from the list of available stakes from the Total Bet options (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Press 'SPIN' to start your game. There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. If you wish to cancel this during your auto spins, press the Stop Autoplay button. Step 2: How To Play Press 'SPIN' to start the game. The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a line of 2, 3, 4, 5 or 6 matching symbols (starting from the left most reel) on any of the MEGAWAYS™, then you win. Any winnings you have will be highlighted causing an explosion and more symbols will cascade in. Winnings will be credited to your account balance. Cascading Symbols All winning symbols will cause a chain reaction. The winning symbols will be removed from the reels and replaced by new symbols coming from above the reels. There are symbol positions above reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. They help form wins and are the only positions that can reveal Wild Symbols. These will be replaced from the right. Cascades will continue until no more winning symbols are generated. MEGAWAYS™ Each reel can reveal up to 7 symbols in view. Each spin can have up to 117,649 ways to win. A win is matching consecutive symbols, regardless of height, from left to right starting from the left most reel. All winning combinations are added together. Payouts are multiplied by stake. MEGAWAYS™ under licence from Big Time Gaming. Wild Symbol The Wild Symbol can only appear in the positions above reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. The Wild Symbol can be used to help form wins by substituting for other symbol excluding scatter symbols. Only the highest win is paid per winning combination. Mystery Symbol The Mystery Symbol can appear in any position. All Mystery Symbols in view will reveal the same random symbol. The Mystery Symbol cannot reveal scatter symbols. Scatter The Scatter Symbol can appear in any of the reels but not in the positions above reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. Scatter wins are awarded in addition to reel wins. 3 Scatter Symbols in view awards Free Spins. Triggering Free Spins with more than 3 Scatter Symbols will award additional Free Spins (Dependant on Free Spins Selection). Any Bonus symbols hold in view before the reels respin. If any additional Bonus Symbols land in view these hold in place before the reels respin again. This continues until no further Bonus symbols land in view or until a full reel of Bonus Symbols are shown. The player is awarded a number of Free Spins based on the number of Bonus Symbols in view. Free Spins During Free Spins there is an Unlimited Win Multiplier active which starts at 1 and is increased by 1 after every Cascade. During Free Spins the positions above reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 can reveal Free Spins Scatters and will award extra Free Spins. 3 Free Spins Scatters = 5 extra Free Spins. 4 Free Spins Scatters = 10 extra Free Spins. The stake that was used to trigger the Free Spins will be used for the Free Spins duration. At the end of Free Spins, the total winnings for the spins will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited to the players account and regular play then resumes. Gamble Before the Free Spins starts the player can choose to Gamble the number of spins they start with. Gamble for the chance for extra bonus streaks, which spins the main game reels for the chance of awarding extra bonus symbols and more free spins. A winning outcome will award the relevant number of respins. Any losing gamble will return the player back to the base game. Jackpot King Deluxe Pot System During any spin there is a chance that the Jackpot King Deluxe Bonus can be triggered by achieving Jackpot King Deluxe overlay symbols on reels 1 to 6. The Jackpot King Deluxe Pot System is available on any stake on any game plugged into the Jackpot King Deluxe System. Spin the reels to accumulate Crown symbols to move up the win ladder. Achieve 15+ Crown symbols to enter the Wheel King section of the feature. After any spin CHOOSE AN ICON to reveal one of the following outcomes: SPIN - spins the reels again, with any additional Crown symbols in view adding to the win ladder. COLLECT – ends the feature with the player being awarded a Bonus Win based on the multiplier of their Total Bet reached on the win ladder. WHEEL KING - reveal this to go directly into the Wheel King round of the feature. Achieving 15+ Crown Symbols during the Jackpot King Deluxe Bonus awards the Wheel King Bonus. The Wheel King Feature is a Tombola Wheel consisting of Big Win Multiplier segments and Progressive pot segments. Spin the wheel to win either a Big Total Bet Multiplier or a Jackpot. NOTE - The Jackpot King Deluxe Jackpots can only be won during the Wheel King part of the bonus. When a jackpot is won, it is reset to the Reserve amount and begins to rise again. The chances of winning a jackpot increases based on the Jackpot value (Royal and Regal pots are guaranteed to be won by the 'Must Be Won By' value). Simultaneous jackpot wins cannot occur. Should two players appear to win the jackpot at the same time the first player to trigger the jackpot will win the whole jackpot amount, the second player would win the reserve pot plus any further contributions made. In the event of a communication error after a promotional pot win result has been determined and before it has been displayed on screen, the win amount will automatically be transferred to the player's account. While the game is live, the jackpot cannot be terminated. If the game is removed, the outstanding pool amount can be transferred to another jackpot. Jackpots are funded by contributions from the player's stake except for the initial seeds which are funded by the Operator. RTP is 95.46% + 0.5% Auto Play There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to place up to 100 bets automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Free Spins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button. Payout Information and Game Rules The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. Last modification date: 6/4/2020