Winstar INTRODUCTION Winstar is a 5-reel 10-line slot machine game with a Space theme. Get a win for matching 3 or more symbols on a winline, with all wins paying adjacent. Each symbol is stacked on the reel giving the player more chances to win big! CONTENTS How To Play Progressive Jackpot Auto Play Payout Information and Game Rules RTP How To Play Instructions Touch the Total Bet button to increase or decrease the amount of your TOTAL STAKE. Bet by touching the value of the Total Bet you wish to play (depending on Operator configuration and currency equivalent). Click 'SPIN' to start your game. The reels will spin and eventually stop at random. There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. If you wish to cancel this during your auto spins then simply press the Stop Autoplay button which will appear where the Autoplay button was previously along with the remaining number of spins. Reel Wins Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. All Wins across all different lines are added together to form the total win. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive lines beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest line win is paid on each line. Winstar Mystery Symbol During any spin if any Winstar symbols land on the reels they will animate and reveal a symbol at random, which will be displayed from every winstar symbol in view. Progressive Jackpot The Progressive Jackpot can be won during any spin. Getting 5 Gold Reels during any Spin awards the progressive jackpot. The Progressive Jackpot is available on any stake. The Progressive Jackpot win and trigger mechanic is a random event. When the jackpot is won, it is reset to the Reserve Pot amount and begins to rise again (0.4% Reserve). Simultaneous jackpot wins cannot occur. Should two players appear to win the jackpot at the same time the first player to trigger the jackpot will win the whole jackpot amount, the second player would win the reserve pot plus any further contributions made. The first player triggering the Jackpot will be awarded the full win, with the secondary player being awarded the value of the reseeded amount plus any spin contributions (if any).In the event of a communication error after a progressive win result has been determined and before it has been displayed on screen, the win amount will automatically be transferred to the player's account. While the game is live, its jackpots cannot be terminated. If the game is removed, the outstanding pool amount can be transferred to another jackpot. Jackpots are funded by contributions from the player's stake except for the initial seed which is funded by the Operator (4% + 0.4% Reserve). Auto Play There is an Autoplay function in the game that will start each spin automatically. By selecting 'AUTOPLAY' you can choose to place up to 100 bets automatically, one after the other. Select your stake as normal then press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to select the number of 'Autoplay' bets you want to play. (The following additional functions are also applicable depending on jurisdiction) Select your Loss Limit (maximum amount willing to lose for the autoplay session) and then press PLAY to begin your autoplays (other options are available). Auto Play will turn off if you get into any bonus round including Freespins, if you reach the set Loss Limit or if a Progressive pot is awarded (where applicable). You can stop Auto Play from continuing onto the next spin by clicking the 'STOP' button Payout Information and Game Rules Line wins are multiplied by the value bet on the winning line. Wins on different paylines are added. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive adjacent reels. Only the highest line win is paid on each line. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PLAYS AND PAYS. RTP This game has a theoretical return to player of 92.03% plus promotional progressive jackpot. This is based on long term payback. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 or 10,000xBet - whichever is reached first (depending on currency. Other Operator limits may apply). Last modification date: 11/3/2020