Lucky Streak &mdash; Big Time Gaming Skip to Content Open Menu Close Menu Home Games Shop Casinos Evolution 0 0 Play For Fun Open Menu Close Menu Home Games Shop Casinos Evolution 0 0 Play For Fun Home Games Shop Casinos Evolution Play For Fun Lucky Streak All Apr 1 Written By Lucy Usien Description Our original Lucky Streak Flash game that took the industry by storm 8 years ago! Players pining for the good old days of the penny arcade will feel right at home with Lucky Streak Mk2’s trails, lights and sounds! &nbsp; play for real money Play Game &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; GAME STATS &nbsp; Availability Devices Mobile + Desktop Platforms HTML5 Languages en_GB Details Designed as a unisex game with broad inter-generational appeal, Lucky Streak is easy to play with a simple learning curve to suit all player types. The Cash Stoppa Trail emulates an AWP machine skill stop feature. The server sends a prize index for 0 – 10 inclusive and the games plays out the result by advancing the multiplier until “COLLECT” is flashed. To further clarify the player is given a perceived skill stop on either ADVANCE or COLLECT. If ADVANCE is awarded the player moves up a prize. If collect is awarded the player has a 25% chance that REPEAT will be offered. If repeat is offered then the player starts the trail from the beginning (x40 stake per line). REPEAT HOLD has been removed from the game. The Lucky Streak Feature is the Free Spin Feature. The player is awarded between 2 - 15 free spins from 3 or more scatter icons on the normal reels. All free spins then use a separate reel set (see paytable). The new reel set is designed to give a winning stop position each spin. The total number of spins are sent at the beginning of the feature and when the player presses the STOP button in the Lucky Streak Trail screen the arrows light up the number of winning spins the free spin feature awarded. The scatters do not affect the amount of spins awarded. Back To Games Lucy Usien Previous Previous Gold CONTACT us Suite 203 / 50 Holt St, Surry Hills, NSW, 2010 sales@bigtimegaming.com CONNECT WITH us &nbsp; &nbsp; About | Marketing | Careers Shipping | Privacy Policy Big Time Gaming Pty Ltd Copyright © 2026 Millionaire Megapots Has Landed Discover Exclusive Casino Offers Via Our Casinos Page Tapcards - Tap. Match. Hit The Tappot! Millionaire Megapots Has Landed Discover Exclusive Casino Offers Via Our Casinos Page Tapcards - Tap. Match. Hit The Tappot! Millionaire Megapots Has Landed Discover Exclusive Casino Offers Via Our Casinos Page Tapcards - Tap. Match. Hit The Tappot!