Call of the Colosseum Game Objective: Call of the Colosseum Slot is a five-reel, twenty-line slot game with a free spin feature. The game also features a "Emperor" wild symbol which substitutes for all symbols except the scattered shield symbol. Three or more scattered shield symbols appearing anywhere in view triggers the free spin feature in which all wins are tripled. top Game Information: You can bet on up to twenty lines. The paylines are shown under the Paylines section located on the Paytable (Help) screen. top How to play: Setting 'LINES': Twenty lines are selected by default. You can decrease or increase the number of lines by clicking on the '+' or '-' buttons available under the 'LINES' indicator on the game screen respectively. Selected lines are lit, and unselected lines are not lit. Paylines can be selected/deselected by using the Line number buttons at either side of the reels. Max Lines: To play with 20 lines, click on 'MAX ' under 'LINES'. If your game balance is not sufficient, this option is disabled. Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet of EUR 0.10 per line is set for all 20 lines, resulting in a total bet of EUR 2.00. You can choose to increase or decrease the bet per line by clicking the '+' or '-' buttons available under the 'BET' indicator. If your game balance is less than EUR 2.00, the system will automatically adjust the bet to the next highest possible amount. Max Bet: To play with EUR 30.00 bet per line, click on 'MAX' under 'BET'. If your game balance is not sufficient, this option is disabled. The number of selected lines is multiplied by the 'bet per line', and the total bet amount is displayed in the 'TOTAL BET', which is located at the bottom of the game screen. 'PAYTABLE': The 'PAYTABLE' can be viewed by clicking on the 'PAYTABLE' button located on the bottom left of the main console screen. To calculate the payout amount, multiply the respective prize with the bet per line. Note that to calculate the payout for scattered logo symbol, multiply the respective prize with the total bet. You can go back to the game by clicking on the 'GAME' button. The 'PAYTABLE' can also be viewed by clicking on the 'PAYTABLE' button located on the game rules screen. The game rules can be viewed by clicking on the 'PAYTABLE' button on the bottom left of the screen, then 'RULES' button on 'PAY TABLE' screen. SPIN: Click on SPIN to start spinning the reels. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines, or any scatter wins, will be paid according to the paytable. Result: Any wins are indicated by their paylines highlighted and symbols animating or, in the case of a scatter win, by their symbols animating. The total win amount is shown at the bottom of the reels as a message and in the 'PAID' field. The individual line wins are shown at the end of each winning line. PAID: Any Line win/ Scatter win which are paid in Normal spin or Free Spin is shown in 'PAID' field. Feature game: A free games feature is triggered when three or more scattered shield symbols appear anywhere in view. 12 free spins are awarded at a 3 * multiplier payout for all wins during the free games feature game. Every Emperor that appears with 'thumbs up' will award up to 3 additional free games. Repeat Bet/Change Bet: If you have already bet, the settings selected will be automatically carried over to the subsequent spin. Simply click on 'SPIN' to play with the same bet again. To change your bet, click the '+' or '-' buttons available under the 'BET' and 'LINES' indicators as explained above. Credits: Your remaining game balance, after you have placed the desired bet, is shown under 'CREDIT'. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the 'CREDIT' meter and the 'TOTAL BET' meter. 'AUTOSPIN': You can make use of this feature to choose amongst the various options for 'hands free' game play. Options available under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will automatically spin for the number of spins selected from the drop-down menu. Spin till win is equal to or exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount selected from the drop down menu. Spin till any win: The game will automatically spin until the next win. Spin till feature trigger or bonus round: The game will automatically spin until the next feature or bonus round is triggered. Spin till my balance exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the game balance is greater than or equal to the amount entered. Note that 'game balance' implies the sum of the amounts given in 'CREDIT' meter and 'TOTAL BET' meter. Spin till my balance falls below: The game will automatically spin until the game balance is less than or equal to the amount entered. Note that 'Game balance' implies the sum of amounts given in 'CREDIT' meter and 'TOTAL BET' meter. Play faster: This option lets you play faster than usual by reducing the break time. You must choose at least one of the other available Auto Spin options before selecting 'Play Faster'. To make use of the autospin feature, click on the 'AUTO SPIN' button in the bottom left of the game screen. When the autospin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Select from the drop-down menu where applicable. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Click on 'CANCEL' to return to the game screen. You can deactivate 'AUTO SPIN' by clicking on the 'STOP SPIN' button. If spin is in progress, 'AUTO SPIN' will be stopped after completing the current spin. Otherwise 'AUTO SPIN' is stopped immediately. When playing with multiple 'AUTO SPIN' options, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be ignored. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again, or choose new option(s), and proceed with the 'AUTO SPIN'. Please note: The 'AUTOSPIN' option is not available in play money mode. Click on 'GAME LOGS' to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on 'GAME RULES' to view the current version number & game rules of the game. Click on 'REBUY' to buy more credits into the game from your bwin account. Click on 'EXIT GAME' to leave the game and return to the Lobby. The game rules are identical in both real money and play money modes. top Game Rules: Pays 1 to 20 lines. Payouts are displayed on the PAYTABLE. Payline wins are multiplied by the amount bet per line. Only the highest win on each lit line is paid. Coinciding wins on different lit lines are all added to your total. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet amount. All symbols pay left to right, except Scattered Shield symbol which pays anywhere in view. Emperor appears on Reels 2, 3 and 4 only and substitutes for all other symbols except Scattered Shield. Wins only occur on selected lines, except the scatter symbols, which will pay in any position on the reels. top Feature Game Play: 3 or more Scattered Shield symbols appearing anywhere in view triggers the free games feature. The free games feature awards 12 free spins which are played with the same number of lines and the same bet per line as the triggering spin. During free spins, all pays are tripled. The free games feature cannot be triggered again during free games. During the Free Games, every Emperor that appears anywhere on the screen will reveal either "Thumps Up" or "Thumps Down" Every Emperor that appears and reveals "Thumps Up" will award upto 3 additional Free Games. Additional free spins are added to the remaining free spins. top Paytable: Click on PAYTABLE button in the main game, game will navigate to Paytable screen. In PAYTABLE screen, on selection of RULES button game rules screen will be displayed. The theoretical return to player of this game is 93.410% I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete the game for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game Logs' button once you have logged back in. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team. If you are disconnected after triggering or in the middle of the free games, on reconnection, the software will automatically start the free games, if not already started, or resume from where it was disconnected. After completing the free games, you can resume playing the same game, or you can select another game of your choice. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. top Last modification date: 1/31/2017