Candy Store Game Objective: Candy Store is a five-reel, thirty-pay line jackpot slot game with a Free Spins feature. When 3 or more bubblegum scatter symbols land anywhere in view on the reels random number of free spins and free spins multiplier are awarded, and then the scatters blow up and explode turning other random symbols into bubble gum wilds except scatters. The turned bubble gum wilds are locked bubblegum wilds during the free spins. The Free Spins feature can be retriggered within free spins. Ca$h Fla$h Jackpot: Ca$h Fla$h Jackpot is a jackpot that grows progressively as bets are made. For each spin, the house adds a small credit to the running Ca$h Fla$h jackpot total. The Ca$h Fla$h Jackpot can be won irrespective of hitting any paying or non-paying combination, while betting any amount. The reset value of Ca$h Fla$h Jackpot is $1,000 top Game Information: Technically it is a 5 reels and 3 rows(5 X 3) game but visually it is a 3 reels and 5 rows(3 X 5) game, as the game is animated horizontally. The Betting limits are shown on the game screen Title bar Game is played with 30 fixed lines. top How to play: Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet per line is set for all 30 lines. You can choose to increase or decrease the bet per line by using + and - buttons available to the Left & Right of 'BET' indicator. If your game balance drops below your total bet placed, bet and lines will not get adjusted to the next possible bet, instead Re-buy window will appear. If you have no funds in your account, the deposit option will pop up. 'LINES': Thirty lines are selected by default and game will be played with 30 fixed lines. MAX BET: To play with MAX BET, click on 'MAX BET'. If your game balance is not sufficient, this option is disabled. All the 30 lines are multiplied by the 'bet per line', and the total bet amount is displayed in the 'TOTAL BET' meter, which is located at bottom left of the game screen. PAYTABLE: The 'PAYTABLE' can be viewed by clicking on the 'PAYTABLE' button located beside the RULES button. You can go back to the game by clicking on the 'Back to Main game ' button. RULES: To view the game rules click on RULES button that is located next to the PAYTABLE button. You can go back to the game by clicking on the 'Back to Main game' button. Rules can also be viewed by clicking on 'RULES' button from paytable screen SPIN: Click on SPIN to start spinning the reels. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on all the 30 lines will be paid according to the paytable. To calculate the line payout amount, multiply the respective symbol prize with the bet per line. To calculate the payout for scattered symbol, multiply the respective scattered symbol prize with the total bet. Result: Any wins are indicated by their paylines highlighted and symbols animating or, in the case of a scatter win, by their symbols animating. The individual payline wins are shown at the end of each winning line. PAID: Any Line win and/or Scatter win is shown in the ticker area under the five reels. Repeat Bet/Change Bet: If you have already bet, the settings selected will be automatically carried over to the subsequent spin if there is sufficient amount. Simply click on 'SPIN' to play with the same bet again. To change your bet, use the + and - buttons near the 'BET' indicator as explained above. TOTAL CREDIT: Your remaining game balance, after you have placed the desired bet, is shown in 'TOTAL CREDIT' meter i.e. the current game balance minus the total bet placed. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed in the 'TOTAL CREDIT' meter and the 'TOTAL BET' meter. AUTO SPIN': You can make use of this feature to choose amongst the various options for 'hands free' game play. Options available under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will automatically spin for the number of spins selected from the drop-down menu. You can choose any number of games and play until your balance is less than the total bet placed. Spin till win is equal to or exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount selected from the drop down menu. Spin till any win: The game will automatically spin until the next win. Spin till feature trigger: The game will automatically spin until the next feature is triggered. Spin till my balance exceeds or equals to: The game will automatically spin until the game balance is greater than or equal to the amount entered. The entered amount should always be greater than the game balance. Note that 'game balance' implies the sum of the amounts given in 'TOTAL CREDIT' meter and 'TOTAL BET' meter. Spin till my balance falls below or equals to: The game will automatically spin until the game balance is less than or equal to the amount entered. The entered amount should always be less than the game balance. Note that 'Game balance' implies the sum of amounts given in 'TOTAL CREDIT' meter and 'TOTAL BET' meter. Play faster: This option lets you play faster than usual by reducing the break time. You must choose at least one of the other available Auto Spin options before selecting 'Play Faster'. To make use of the 'AUTO SPIN' feature, click on the 'AUTO SPIN' button available at the bottom right of the game screen. On the screen that opens up, select the checkboxes against the option(s) of your choice. Select from the drop-down menu where ever applicable. If the current Game balance is not sufficient to support your choice of option(s), the 'BUY-IN' window pops up allowing you to buy-in more credits from your Account. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Similarly, click on 'CANCEL' to skip the 'AUTO SPIN' feature and get back to the game screen. You can deactivate 'AUTO SPIN' by clicking on the 'STOP SPIN' button. If spin is in progress, 'AUTO SPIN' will be stopped after completing the current spin. Otherwise 'AUTO SPIN' is stopped immediately. When playing with multiple 'AUTO SPIN' options, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be ignored. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again, or choose new option(s), and proceed with the 'AUTO SPIN'. Please note: The 'AUTO SPIN' option is not available in play money mode. Click on 'GAME LOGS' to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on 'GAME RULES' to view the detailed rules of the game as web page. Click on 'REBUY' to buy more credits into the game from your Account. Click on 'EXIT GAME' to leave the game and return to the Lobby. Click on 'QUICK DEPOSIT' button to deposit money into your Account. The game rules are identical in both real money and play money modes. The "GAME LOGS" and "REBUY" functionality is applicable only for the real money game play. top Game Rules: Play 30 lines. LINES cannot be changed. BET amount can be changed by using the + and - buttons. SPIN begins the game with the currently selected BET and all 30 LINES. MAX BET selects the maximum bet for 30 lines. Payouts are displayed on the Paytable. Payline wins are multiplied by the amount bet per line. Highest win amount is paid on each highlighted Payline. Coinciding wins on different highlighted lines are all added to your total. Feature wins are added to the game balance. All symbols pay from left to right except the scattered bubblegum symbol. All wins occur on pay lines, except the scattered bubble gum symbol which appears anywhere in view. The Candy Store Wild Logo can appear only on the reels 1,2,3,4 during the base game. Minimum number of symbols that can be turned into bubble gum wilds is 1 and Maximum number of symbols that can be turned into bubble gum wilds is 12. The Candy Store Wild Logo cannot be turned into bubble gum wild. Wild Logo substitutes for all other symbols except scatters and works only in conjunction with all other symbols except scatters. Jackpot cannot be won during free games. Malfunctions Voids all Pays and Plays. top Reel Spins: The reels will spin like conveyor belts on the horizontal axis, in a different direction from each other (Either to the left or to the right). The top and bottom reels will spin to the left and the middle reel will spin to the right creating the impression of moving conveyor belts. They will come to an abrupt stop, and settle back into place. top Candy Store Free Spins Feature: When 3 or more bubblegum scatter symbols land anywhere in view on the reels during base game or free spins, then they will blow up and explode turning other random symbols in to bubble gum wilds(except scatter) with the exception that if there are no more reel positions in the slot view where a bubble gum wild can be awarded, free spins are only awarded . Before the Bubble Gum Scatter symbol turns other random symbols Wild, the player will receive random number of free spins and free spins multiplier without any player interaction. Symbols on reel1 cannot be turned into bubble gum wilds. For the duration of the free spins mode, the symbol(s) that have turned Wild(bubble gum wild) will be locked in that position whilst all the other symbols will continue to spin for the duration of the Free spins feature.Bubble gum wild symbols works only in conjunction with other symbols. Free spins can be re-triggered within the free spins without changing the multiplier value. All free spins are played with the same bet as the triggering spin. All wins during free spins are multiplied by the free spins multiplier awarded. When three or more scatter symbols appears under bubble gum wilds the bubble gum wild substitutes for other symbols and at the same time free spins feature will be re-triggered . Once all the free spins are completed, normal game is restored. Number of free spins awarded with each trigger range from 6 to 30 and the multiplier awarded ranges from 2 to 6 and only one random multiplier is awarded for the entire free spins feature. When free spins feature is triggered, payline win amount will be immediately credited to game balance before starting the feature round. Amounts won during the free spins of feature game will be added as and when they are won. top RULES: Click on 'RULES' button in the main game screen, game will navigate to Rules screen. top PAYTABLE: Click on 'PAYTABLE' button in the main game screen, game will navigate to Paytable screen. The theoretical return to player of this game is 95.8% top Pay Line Images: top I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete the game for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game Logs' button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected after triggering or in the middle of the Free Spins, on reconnection the software will automatically start the Free Spins game, if not already started, or resume from where it was disconnected. After completing the free spins, you can resume playing the same game or you can select another game of your choice. top Last modification date: 9/27/2022