Casino War In Casino War, the objective is to hold a higher card than the dealer. If both cards are the same rank, you can Go to War with the dealer: two more cards are dealt, with the highest winning. You also have the option of betting that the first two cards will be the same. top Information The game is played with six standard decks of 52 cards each, with no jokers. The deck is shuffled at the start of every game. The cards are ranked as in poker, with a king out-ranking a queen. Aces are always high. The betting limits are shown on the game screen title bar. The game can also be played without making a tie bet, but a player cannot make a tie bet alone. The game and the game rules are identical for real-money and play-money modes. All suits of cards (hearts, spades, clubs and diamonds) are of equal ranking. top How to play Choose the size of the chip on the rail, and click on the 'Bet' box to place it on the table. To place more chips, continue to click on the box. To remove a chip, simply right-click on the 'Bet' box. To place a tie bet, click the 'Tie' box. To remove a bet on a tie, right-click on the 'Tie' box. After you have placed your bets, the 'Deal' button will become active. Click on this and the cards will be dealt. The game will not begin until a valid bet has been placed in the 'Bet' box. Two cards are dealt face up, one for the dealer and one for the player. If the player's card is a higher rank than the dealer's, then the player wins and is paid at odds of 1:1 (see the paytable below for more details). If the dealer's card is of a higher rank than the player's card, the dealer wins and the player loses their bets. If both cards are of the same rank, the player has one of two options: to Surrender or to Go to War. If the player opts to Surrender, they lose half their original bet and the game finishes. If the player selects to Go to War, a bet equal to the value of their original will automatically be placed in the 'Bet' box. Three cards are then 'burnt' (dealt face down). Two further cards are dealt face up, one for the player and one for dealer. If the player's card is higher than or of the same rank as the dealer's card, then the player will win at odds of 1:1 on their original bet, and their second bet is returned. If the player's card is lower than the dealer's card, the player will lose both bets. If the player has bet on a tie and the original two cards dealt are of the same rank, the player will win at odds of 10:1. To clear a bet and place a new one of a different denomination, click on 'Clear'. To repeat a bet, click on 'Rebet'. To check the game rules, click on the 'Rules' button. Click on 'Gamelogs' to view the logs of your last games. Click on 'Version' to view the current version number of the game. To exit from the game, click on the 'Exit' button on the game window. If the player's game balance drops below the minimum bet while playing the game, the 'Buy-in' window pops up, allowing the player to buy more credits in from his account. top Paytable Payoff Table Bet Type Description Payoff Bet If the player's card is higher than the dealer's card. 1:1 Go to War If the first two cards are of the same rank, and the player elects to Go to War, a second wager is placed. If the player's second face-up card is higher than or equal to the dealer's second card, the player wins. 1:1 on original bet Second bet returned Tie If the player's and dealer's first two face-up cards are the same, the player wins. 10:1 top I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Gamelogs' button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected in the middle of the feature round, you will be prompted to complete it after logging back in. After completing the feature round, you can resume playing the same base game, or you can select another game of your choice. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. top Last modification date: 12/17/2018