Chests of Plenty Game Objective Chests Of Plenty is a five-reel, 20-payline slot game. The game features a wild symbol, Treasure Chest bonus feature and Treasure Map bonus feature. The Treasure Chest Bonus feature is triggered when 3 treasure chest scatter symbols appearing anywhere on the reels 1, 3 and 5. The Treasure Map bonus feature is triggered when 3 or more scattered Map symbols appear anywhere on the reels. Wild Girl substitutes for all other symbols except Scatter symbols (MAP and Chest symbols). top Game Information: Bet on twenty lines. top How to play: Setting 'STAKE': When you enter the game, a default bet of EUR 0.10 per line is set for all 20 lines, resulting in a total bet of EUR 2.0. The stake per line is displayed in the "STAKE" meter which is located at the bottom right of the game screen below the reels. You can choose to increase or decrease the bet per line by using the Stake Up and Stake Down buttons available adjacent to the 'Auto Play' button. If your game balance is less than EUR 2.0, the system will automatically adjust the bet to the next highest possible amount. The number of selected lines is multiplied by the stake per line and the total stake amount is displayed in the 'TOTAL STAKE' meter, which is located at the bottom right of the game screen below the 'STAKE' meter. 'PAYTABLE': Game rules can be viewed by clicking on the 'PAYTABLE'' button at bottom left of the game screen. You can go back to the game by clicking on the 'BACK TO REELS' button available on 'PAYTABLE' screen. The 'PAYTABLE' can be viewed by clicking on the 'NEXT' button available on the right side of the 'PAYTABLE' screen. To calculate the payout amount, multiply the respective prize with the bet per line. PLAY: After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines, and/or any scatter wins, will be paid according to the pay table. Result: Any wins are indicated by their paylines highlighted and symbols animating, or in case of scatter wins, scatter symbols are animated. The total win amount is shown in the 'TOTAL' meter displayed at the top right side above the reels. The individual line wins are shown in the 'WIN' meter displayed at the top left side above the reels. The win amount is displayed followed by the win line number within brackets. Repeat Bet/Change Bet: If you have already bet, the settings selected will be automatically carried over to the subsequent spin if there is sufficient amount. Simply click on 'PLAY' to play with the same bet again. To change bet, player can use STAKE DOWN and STAKE UP buttons as explained above. Balance: Your remaining game balance, after you have placed the desired bet, is shown in 'BALANCE' meter. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed in the 'BALANCE' meter and the 'TOTAL STAKE' meter. 'AUTOPLAY': You can make use of this feature to choose the available number of spins options for 'hands free' game play. Options available under this feature are: 10 spins: The game will automatically spin for 10 spins if 10 SPINS button is clicked. 25 spins: The game will automatically spin for 25 spins if 25 SPINS button is clicked. 100 spins: The game will automatically spin for 100 spins if 100 SPINS button is clicked 250 spins: The game will automatically spin for 250 spins if 250 SPINS button is clicked 500 spins: The game will automatically spin for 500 spins if 500 SPINS button is clicked To make use of the auto spin feature, click on the 'AUTO PLAY' button at the bottom of the game screen positioned to the left of the PLAY button. When the autoplay dialog opens, click on the option you'd like to select. The 'AUTO PLAY ON' button would be displayed (replacing AUTO PLAY button). Click on 'PLAY' to start the spins. You can deactivate 'AUTO PLAY' by clicking on the 'STOP AUTO PLAY' button displayed below the ticker area at the center of the game screen. If spin is in progress, 'AUTO PLAY' will be stopped after completing the current spin. Otherwise 'AUTO PLAY' is stopped immediately. Please note: The 'AUTO PLAY' option is not available in play money mode. Click on 'GAME LOGS' to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on 'GAME RULES' to view the detailed rules of the game as web page. Click on 'REBUY' to buy more credits into the game from your bwin account. Click on 'EXIT GAME' to leave the game and return to the Lobby. Click on 'QUICK DEPOSIT' button to deposit money into your bwin account. The game rules are identical in both real money and play money modes. top Game Rules: Play 20 lines. Lines cannot be changed. BET amount can be changed by using the STAKE UP and STAKE DOWN buttons. PLAY begins the game with the currently selected BET and LINES. Payouts are displayed on the PAYTABLE. Payline wins are multiplied by the amount bet per line. Highest win amount is paid on each selected payline. Coinciding wins on different highlighted lines are all added to your total. All wins occur on selected paylines, except for the scattered Map and Chest symbols which pay anywhere in view. All symbols pay from left to right only, except for the scattered Map and Chest symbols which pay anywhere in view. Wild Girl symbol substitutes for all other symbols except the scattered Map and Chest symbols. There are no payouts for the scattered Map and Chest symbols. Wild Girl symbol appears on all reels. If the Wild Girl symbol appears to the right or left of Pirate it transforms the Pirate to a wild. If the Wild Girl symbol lands in-between two Pirate it transforms both the pirates to a wild. Pirate symbol becomes Wild only when it is horizontally next to the Wild Girl. Scattered Chest symbol appears only on reels 1, 3, and 5. Malfunctions Voids all Pays and Plays. top Treasure Chest Bonus Feature: The Treasure Chest Bonus feature is triggered when 3 treasure chest scatter symbols appear anywhere on the reels 1, 3 and 5. There are 3 chests shown on the screen. The chests open in turn and 3 gems (Diamonds or Emeralds or Rubies) appear one by one. If the three gems are of same type then the prize is awarded. Prizes are multiplied by total Stake. Ex: Chest opens and reveals 3 diamonds then the prize awarded = Multiplier * Total Stake = 5 * Total Stake. Type of gems revealed multiplier 3 Diamonds 5 3 Emeralds 2 3 Rubies 1 Each chest can open multiple times and continues opening until the gems drawn from the chest do not form a win by drawing mixed gems. The other chests will continue to open/close until they don't have a win. Feature prizes are awarded based on random multipliers which is multiplied by the total bet. The maximum multiplier that can be awarded in this feature is 100 and minimum multiplier that can be awarded is 10. Once all the chests have shown a result that is not a win then the bonus feature is over and the total amount won is shown and added to the player's balance. top Treasure Map Bonus Feature: Treasure Map Bonus Feature is triggered when 3 or more scattered Map symbols appear anywhere on the reels. There are three islands: Booty Island, Isle Of Plenty and Jackpot Island. When 3 Map scatter appear anywhere on the reels this will start you at the Booty Island. When 4 Map scatter appear anywhere on the reels this will start you at Isle of Plenty. When 5 Map scatter appear anywhere on the reels this will start you at the Jackpot Island. Once the player arrives on the island they spin the wheel to move around the islands trail. There are fixed awards and mystery awards on the trail to be collected (the mystery chest will give either a cash award or a map piece). You cannot die on the trails, you simply keep going and getting extra wins until you spin the "Skull and cross bones" at which point the wins so far are collected and added to the player's balance and the bonus feature is finished. You are guaranteed a prize in this bonus feature. All wins here are multiplied by total stake. Ex: if a prize reveals 5x, then the prize awarded= 5 x total stake. There are scraps of maps to be collected. Once you have collected three Maps then you are taken to the next island and continue playing. Any wins you have won from the earlier island(s) are kept and carried over as well. Ex: if player gets 3 scatter maps in the triggering game, then he is taken to the Booty Island. In this island if he collects 3 maps then he advances to the next island (Isle of Plenty). In Jackpot Island, there are no scraps of maps on the trail. In Jackpot Island, the mystery chest awards on a random cash prize only (no map). Feature prizes are awarded based on random multipliers which is multiplied by the total bet. Scatters Max multiplier awarded in feature Min multiplier awarded in feature 3 Maps 1000 15 4 Maps 1500 50 5 Maps 300 2000 top Paytable Click on PAYTABLE button in the main game screen, game will navigate to Paytable screen. In PAYTABLE screen, select Next button then game will navigate to the next Paytable screen. The theoretical return to player of this game is 93.00%. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete the game for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game Logs' button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected after triggering or in the middle of any of the feature rounds, on reconnection, the software will automatically start the feature round, if not already started, or resume from the beginning of the feature round. After completing the feature, you can resume playing the same game, or you can select another game of your choice. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team. top Last modification date: 1/31/2017