Clucky Golden Eggs 2 How To Play Pressing the Spin Button or pressing Spacebar on desktop will begin the game with the currently selected bet. Clucky Golden Egg Choose your by pressing the eggs over the reels. On a chance basis, when lands and moves to the , a feature may be triggered by the bursting. If the bonus was awarded by the bursting, the bonus winnings will multiply . If the bonus was awarded by the bursting and the Bonus+ is active, the bonus winnings will multiply . Only one egg may burst on any one spin. Cluckin Free Spins On a chance basis during each spin, one or more may be triggered over the reels and move to the . On a chance basis, when lands and moves to the , the Cluckin Free Spins may be triggered by the bursting. The Cluckin Free Spins bonus starts with 8 free spins. Any remain active for the duration of Cluckin Free Spins. In each spin the change positions which may result in improved winning combinations. In each spin, all the winning combinations are processed and added to the bonus total counter. Any new in view add an extra spin. The bonus ends when no more spins are remaining or the max win is achieved. The bonus ends when no more spins are remaining. If the was picked as the at the start of the spin, the bonus winnings will multiply at the end. If the was picked as the at the start of the spin, and the Bonus+ is active, the bonus winnings will multiply at the end. Only one egg may burst on any one spin. Foxy Golden Eggs On a chance basis during each spin, one or more may be triggered over the reels and move to the . On a chance basis, when lands and moves to the , the Foxy Golden Eggs may be triggered by the bursting. The Foxy Golden Eggs bonus starts with 8 free spins. There are multiple collectors available: Collects any in view. will lock-in for all remaining spins of Foxy Golden Eggs and collect any in view after each spin. collect any in view and multiplies the total collected value by x2, x3 or x5, determined by the attached multiplier. replaces random symbols with and collects any in view. The will trigger first, before any other active will then collect all in view. locks in any in view, and then pauses the ‘Spins Left’ Counter. The reels will then respin, with all locked in symbols. If any subsequent land in view, they will also be locked in. The Respins will continue until no further land in view. Any in view will then each collect all in view. If and are both active on the reels, will only collect any in view once the Respin Process completes. is available on Reels 1 & 5 during Foxy Golden Eggs. are available on Reel 5 during Foxy Golden Eggs. cash values from x0.50 to x200 of the base stake (i.e. the standard stake before any Bonus+ Bet is applied). are available on all reels during Foxy Golden Eggs only. awards x20 the base stake (i.e. the standard stake before any Bonus+ Bet is applied). awards x50 the base stake (i.e. the standard stake before any Bonus+ Bet is applied). awards x200 the base stake (i.e. the standard stake before any Bonus+ Bet is applied). When the Bonus+ Bet is active, your total stake increases by 20%, but multiplier values continue to be calculated based on the base stake. If a collector lands with no in view, an extra spin will be awarded per collector in view. The bonus ends when no more spins are remaining or the max win is achieved. The bonus ends when no more spins are remaining. If the was picked as the at the start of the spin, the bonus winnings will multiply at the end. If the was picked as the at the start of the spin and the Bonus+ is active, the bonus winnings will multiply at the end. Only one egg may burst on any one spin. Plinko Pots On a chance basis during each spin, one or more may be triggered over the reels and move to the . On a chance basis, when lands and moves to the , the Plinko Pots may be triggered by the bursting. Choose one of to reveal your number of Plinko Eggs (12, 15, or 18). Fire your Eggs one by one or quickly by fast-tapping. Eggs may land in Pot Buckets. Fill the trail underneath any of the Pot Buckets for the Pot Award. Once a Pot Bucket trail is filled, the Pot is awarded & the trail resets to empty. The Pot Bucket trails can be filled multiple times in a single Plinko Pots bonus. Eggs may also land in the Mystery Cash Bucket. Each egg that lands in the Mystery Cash Bucket will award a random cash value between x0.5 and x10 of the base stake (i.e. the standard stake before any Bonus+ Bet is applied). Multiple pots may be won. Pots Eggs per award Awards Grand 2 Current Base Stake x1000 Major 3 Current Base Stake x200 Minor 3 Current Base Stake x50 Mini 3 Current Base Stake x20 When the Bonus+ Bet is active, your total stake increases by 20%, but multiplier values continue to be calculated based on the base stake. The speed at which the player releases the Plinko Eggs does not influence the final outcome of the Plinko Pots bonus. The bonus ends when there are no more eggs remaining or the max win is achieved. The bonus ends when there are no more eggs remaining. If the was picked as the at the start of the spin, the bonus winnings will multiply at the end. If the was picked as the at the start of the spin and the Bonus+ is active, the bonus winnings will multiply at the end. Only one egg may burst on any one spin. Whack A Fox in view awards Whack A Fox. appears on reel 5 only. Once the Whack A Fox begins, will begin to appear on the screen. Press the to collect them. Each hit increases Golden Fox meter. When Golden Fox meter is full, will begin to appear. Press the to collect it. Collected award values from x0.2 to x10 of the base stake (i.e. the standard stake before any Bonus+ Bet is applied). awards x4 to x48 of the base stake (i.e. the standard stake before any Bonus+ Bet is applied). When the Bonus+ Bet is active, your total stake increases by 20%, but multiplier values continue to be calculated based on the base stake. The speed and the number of hit foxes does not influence the final outcome of the Whack A Fox bonus. If Whack A Fox is awarded , , or cannot also be triggered. Super Whack A Fox in view awards Super Whack A Fox. appears on reel 5 only. Once the Super Whack A Fox begins, will begin to appear on the screen. Press the to collect them. Each hit increases Golden Fox meter. When Golden Fox meter is full, will begin to appear. Press the to collect it. Collected award values from x0.2 to x10 of the base stake (i.e. the standard stake before any Bonus+ Bet is applied). When the Bonus+ Bet is active, your total stake increases by 20%, but multiplier values continue to be calculated based on the base stake. awards x4 to x48 of the base stake (i.e. the standard stake before any Bonus+ Bet is applied). At the end of Super Whack A Fox, total bonus winnings will be multiplied by . The speed and the number of hit foxes does not influence the final outcome of the Super Whack A Fox bonus. If Super Whack A Fox is awarded , , or cannot also be triggered. Cash Drop in view awards Cash Drop. appears on reel 5 only. Once the Cash Drop begins, will begin to drop down onto the screen. Press the notes to collect them. Each note collected increases Golden Egg meter. When Golden Egg meter is full, will be awarded. Press the to collect it. values from x0.2 to x10 of the base stake (i.e. the standard stake before any Bonus+ Bet is applied). value from x4 to x48 of the base stake (i.e. the standard stake before any Bonus+ Bet is applied). When the Bonus+ Bet is active, your total stake increases by 20%, but multiplier values continue to be calculated based on the base stake. The speed and the number of notes collected does not influence the final outcome of the Cash Drop bonus. If Cash Drop is awarded , , or cannot also be triggered. Super Cash Drop in view awards Super Cash Drop. appears on reel 5 only. Once Super Cash Drop begins, will begin to drop down onto the screen. Press the to collect them. Each collected increases the Golden Egg meter. When the Golden Egg meter is full, will be awarded. Press the until one of them cracks to collect the prize. values from x0.2 to x10 of the base stake (i.e. the standard stake before any Bonus+ Bet is applied). can award value from x4 to x48 of the base stake (i.e. the standard stake before any Bonus+ Bet is applied). When the Bonus+ Bet is active, your total stake increases by 20%, but multiplier values continue to be calculated based on the base stake. At the end of Super Cash Drop, total bonus winnings will be multiplied by . The speed and the number of notes collected does not influence the final outcome of the Super Cash Drop bonus. If Super Cash Drop is awarded , , or cannot also be triggered. Bonus+ The player has the option to toggle Bonus+ between spins using the . With Bonus+ active, the stake will be increased by 20%. When playing with Bonus+ active, the chance for to land in view increases. When playing with Bonus+ active, the Clucky Golden Egg multiplier will be increased from to . Clucky Respin On a chance basis, at the end of any losing spin, all of the reels will respin. When the respin stops, the symbols in view will result in a winning combination. Only available during the base game. Cracking Wilds On a chance basis at the end of any spin, some symbols will be changed into , or to create or improve winning combinations. All wins are then processed. Only available during the base game. Cluckin' Bonus On a chance basis at the end of any spin, some symbols will be changed into or and award the corresponding bonus. Only available during the base game. Reel Rewind On a chance basis, when 2 land on reels 1 and 3 without a on reel 5, the Reel Rewind may begin. The 5th reel will move up by 1 position, bringing up 1 of to award the corresponding bonus Only available during the base game. Falling Feathers On a chance basis at the end of any losing spin, all the reels will be covered, and new symbols will drop in and create a winning combination. Only available during Base Game. Wilds are only available in base game and Foxy Golden Eggs. are also available in Cluckin Free Spins, on reels 1, 2, 3, 4 and 5. substitute for all symbols except for . substitute for all symbols except for during the Foxy Golden Eggs. are available on all reels during the base game. are only available on reels 2, 3 and 4 during Foxy Golden Eggs. all function the same, where available. 4 or less on an active win line must combine with other symbols to award wins. Win Lines There are 25 independent win lines. All awards pay from left to right for adjacent combinations on active win lines only, starting from the leftmost reel. Only the highest win is paid per active win line. Autoplay Select your number of games and a loss limit to enable the start autoplay button. You can select a custom loss limit value. Autoplay will stop if the number of games is completed or the loss limit is reached. Your loss limit is reached when your net losses are equal to the value selected or a further game would increase net losses higher than set loss limit. Additionally, you may enter a win limit that stops autoplay when a single game win is equal to or exceeds the value. Autoplay will stop if the maximum win is reached. Autoplay can be stopped at any time. Information Not all stakes may be available. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Expected payback to the player is at least 94.49%. Expected payback to the player with Bonus+ active is at least 94.50%. RTP is based on long-term payments and gameplay. No prize greater than $250,000.00 can be won in any one game. All possible winning combinations are added to the total win. Game or feature outcome is not always indicated by the in-play display. Information on payouts and likelihood of wins can be found in the game paytable and game rules. Last modification date: 3/6/2026