Cleopatra Game objective: Cleopatra Slot is a five-reel, twenty-line slot game with a free spin feature. The game also features a "Cleopatra" wild symbol which substitutes for all symbols except the "Sphinx" scatter symbol. Three or more scatter symbols anywhere in view triggers the free spin feature in which all wins except 5 'Cleopatra' wild symbols are tripled. top Game Information: The minimum bet amount is EUR 0.01 and the maximum bet amount is EUR 1,000 . You can bet on up to twenty lines. top How to play Setting 'LINES': Twenty lines are selected by default. You can decrease or increase the number of lines by clicking on the '-' button or '+' button available adjacent to the 'LINES' meter on the game screen respectively. Selected lines are lit, and unselected lines are not lit. Setting 'LINE BET': When you enter the game, a default bet of EUR 0.10 per line is set for all 20 lines, resulting in a total bet of EUR 2.00. You can decrease or increase the bet per line by clicking the '-' button or '+' button available adjacent to the 'LINE BET' meter on the game screen respectively. If your game balance is less than EUR 2.00 the system will automatically adjust the bet to the next highest possible amount The number of selected lines is multiplied by the 'LINE BET' amount, and the total bet amount is displayed in the 'BET' meter, which is located at the bottom left of the game screen. 'RULES': The game rules can be viewed by clicking on the 'GAME RULES' button on the bottom right of the screen. 'PAYTABLE': The 'PAYTABLE' can be viewed by clicking on the 'PAYTABLE' button located at the bottom right of the game screen. To calculate the payout amount, multiply the respective prize with the bet per line. SPIN: Click on "PLAY" to spin the reels. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines will be paid according to the paytable. Result: Any wins are indicated by their paylines highlighted and symbols animating wherever applicable. Line wins are shown at the bottom of the reels in the form of messages. Total win amount is also shown at the bottom of the reels as a message. Feature game: A free spins feature is triggered when three or more 'Sphinx' scatter symbols appear anywhere in view. 15 free spins are awarded at a 3 * multiplier payout for all wins during the feature game. On completion of the feature game, the main game is restored. Repeat Bet/Change Bet: If you have already bet, the settings selected will be automatically carried over to the subsequent spin. Simply click on 'PLAY' to play with the same bet again. To change your bet, use the '+' and '-' buttons adjacent to the 'LINES' and 'LINE BET' meters as explained above. Credits: Your remaining game balance, after you have placed the desired bet, is shown adjacent to the 'BALANCE' meter located at the bottom of the reels. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed adjacent to the 'BALANCE' meter and the 'BET' meter. Click on 'GAME LOGS' to view the logs for the games you've played. Click on 'REBUY' to buy more credits into the game from your sportingbet.com account. Click on 'Exit' to leave the game and return to the lobby. The game rules are identical in both real money and play money modes. All symbols pay left to right only, except the scattered 'Sphinx' symbol which pays anywhere in view. The 'Cleopatra' wild symbol substitutes all symbols except the 'Sphinx' scatter symbol. If 'Cleopatra' substitutes a symbol to make a win, the win amount for that symbol is doubled. Multiple wild symbols do not increase the multiplication factor i.e. one or more wild symbols always result in a 2 * multiplier. Only the highest win on each lit line is paid. Coinciding wins on different lit lines are all added to your total. Payline prizes are multiplied by the bet per payline amount. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet amount. Scatter wins are added to payline wins. Wins only occur on selected lines, except the scatter symbols, which will pay in any position on the reels. Malfunctions voids all pays and plays top Feature Game Play: 3 or more bonus feature 'Sphinx' symbols appearing anywhere in view trigger the free spins feature. The free spins feature awards 15 free spins which are played with the same number of lines and the same bet per line as the triggering spin. During free spins, all pays are tripled except 5 'Cleopatra' wild symbols. Free Spins feature is re-triggerable i.e. free spins can earn more free spins if 3 or more bonus feature 'Sphnix' symbols appear anywhere in view during free spins. Additional free spins are added to the free spins remaining meter. Maximum number of free spins in any free spin sequence is 180. Free spins feature ends when 0 free spins remain or after 180 free spins have been played in any free spins sequence. The feature win amount is added to any payline and scatter prizes already won. top Paytable: I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete the game for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game Logs' button once you have logged back in. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team. If you are disconnected after triggering or in the middle of the feature round, on reconnection, the software will automatically start the feature round, if not already started, or resume from where it was disconnected. After completing the feature round, you can resume playing the same game, or you can select another game of your choice. top The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/4/2020