Crazy Pays About • Crazy Pays is played over 5 reels • Awards pay left to right only • 3 in view awards 10 Free Spins when playing base game • 3 in view awards 13 Free Spins when playing £20 Highroller • 3 in view awards 15 Free Spins when playing £30 and £50 Highroller Crazy Spins Feature • 3 or anywhere in view starts the crazy spins feature. • The player chooses two of the available symbols to turn into crazy symbols. • Wins are created when identical crazy symbols land on 3 or more reels. • Crazy symbols pay according to the total number of reels on which they appear. e.g. If identical symbols appear on 4 reels then for that symbol only the 4x award is paid. • Crazy symbol wins are calculated according to the corresponding symbol on the pay table. • If any reels contain multiple identical crazy symbols and a winning combination of that crazy symbol is possible then multiple wins are awarded. • Only identical crazy symbols combine to create winning combinations. Wins can be awarded for more than one type of crazy symbol per spin. • After the spins are complete, the total is awarded to the player and the feature ends. • During crazy spins 3 in view awards 10 additional crazy spins when playing base game • During crazy spins 3 in view awards 13 additional crazy spins when playing £20 Highroller • During crazy spins 3 in view awards 15 additional crazy spins when playing £30 and £50 Highroller Gamble • Guess the correct suit / colour of the hidden card to win • Press Take Win to exit gamble with your winnings and any saved winnings • Any winnings which would result in a subsequent successful gamble exceeding the maximum win are automatically saved into saved winnings • Wins may be gambled multiple times up to the maximum win amount • All wins are rounded up to the nearest denomination Wilds • substitutes for Win Lines • 20 independent win lines. • For all games (Except £50 Highroller) there are 10 available winlines • During the £50 Highroller there are 10 additional available winlines • During normal play all awards (except and ) pay left to right on active win lines only, • During crazy spins all awards(except and the symbols chosen by the player) pay left to right on active win lines only. • During crazy spins, the symbol chosen by the player pay for all combinations in view on 3 or more reels. • Each crazy symbol combination can only contain one symbol from each reel. • wins are added to line wins. • only appear on reels 1, 3 and 5 Autoplay • Select your number of spins and a loss limit to enable the start autoplay button. • You can select the generated loss limit or enter a custom value. • Autoplay will stop if the number of spins is completed or the loss limit is reached. • Your loss limit is reached when your net losses are equal to the value selected or a further spin would increase net losses higher than set loss limit. • Additionally you may enter a win limit that stops autoplay when a single game win is equal to or exceeds the value. • Enabling the stop on jackpot option will stop autoplay if the jackpot of 500 x max stake is reached. Information • Expected payback based on best strategy is at least 94%. • Malfunction voids game. • No prize greater than 500 x max stake can be won in any one game. • The outcome of any game or feature is not necessarily that shown by the odds displayed. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 or 10,000xBet - whichever is reached first (or currency equivalent. Other Operator limits may apply). Last modification date: 2/12/2020