Reach For The Bars Base Game Rules All awards, except pay left to right on active pay lines only. pay at any position on the reels in addition to line wins. All win lines are available at all stakes, only the highest win is paid per active win line unless Super Stack Pays is active. appear on reels 1, 3 and 5. 4 or less must combine with another symbol to create winning combinations. Diamond Game - Feature Game Press Start to start the feature game. Three in view awards 10 Super Stack free spins. Three in view awards 10 Go For Gold free spins. Three in view awards 10 Mega Multiply free spins. On a chance basis during any spin will cover the mini reels and award the Choose a Feature bonus. Choose a Feature Three in view awards Choose a Feature bonus. awards 10 Super Stack free spins. awards 10 Go For Gold free spins. awards 10 Mega Multiply free spins. Free Spins - Go For Gold Each in view, upgrades the ladder and awards 1 extra free spin. When the ladder is updated, the next highest symbol replaces all highlighted symbols on the ladder for the duration of free spins. When a symbol is updated on the ladder, that symbol also becomes updated on the reels and any win lines are then processed. and are not available during the Go For Gold free spins. Free Spins - Super Stack Each in view, upgrades the ladder and awards 1 extra free spin. When a symbol on the ladder becomes highlighted, that symbol then acts as an expanding symbol for the duration of free spins. After each free spin, any resulting wins are awarded to the player. Super Stack Pay: If the number of expanding symbols across different reels is equal to or greater than the number of symbols required for a win, the reels showing the expanding symbol then display a stack of the expanding symbols to fill the reel apertures. Wins will then be awarded on each active win line, expanding symbols pay anywhere on the win line. and are not available during the Super Stack free spins. Free Spins - Mega Multiply Each in view, upgrades the ladder and awards 1 extra free spin. During Mega Multiply, each time an upgrade is applied to the ladder, a symbol will be highlighted from the bottom of the ladder upwards. Each ladder upgrade increases the win multiplier for the current and higher levels for the remainder of free spins. and are not available during the Mega Multiply free spins. Wild Expand When a lands in view on reel 3 and a potential win is present, the symbol expands replacing all 3 symbols on the reel with . Any resulting wins are then awarded to the player. Super Wild Expand On a chance basis when a lands in view on reel 3, the symbol expands replacing all 3 symbols on reels 2, 3 and 4 with . Any resulting wins are then awarded to the player. Reel Respin On a chance basis at then end of a losing spin and if has landed on reels 1 and 3, reels 1, 2, 3, and 4 can become covered by . This then activates the reel respin which will respin reel 5. Any resulting wins are then awarded to the player. Gamble There are up to five gamble options available to the player. The game will start when the player chooses a column. The yellow area represents the chance of winning. A successful gamble will increase the win to the value connected to the chosen column. An unsuccessful gamble will exit with any part-saved winnings. Any winnings which would result in a subsequent successful gamble exceeding the maximum win are automatically saved into saved winnings. The player can press the Take Win button to exit with the current winnings. A maximum of 10 gambles per gamble entry will be awarded. All wins are rounded up to the nearest denomination. Wilds can substitute for: . only appears on reel 3. Win Lines There are 10 independent win lines. Auto Play Select your number of spins and a loss limit to enable the start autoplay button. You can select a custom loss limit value. Autoplay will stop if the number of spins is completed or the loss limit is reached. Your loss limit is reached when your net losses are equal to the value selected or a further spin would increase net losses higher than set loss limit. Additionally you may enter a win limit that stops autoplay when a single game win is equal to or exceeds the value. Autoplay will stop if the jackpot of €250,000 is reached. Information Not all stakes may be available. Expected payback to the player is at least 94%. Malfunction voids game. No prize greater than €250,000 can be won in any one game. The outcome of any game or feature is not necessarily that shown by the odds displayed. All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of CR Ltd and/or its licensees in the U.S. and/or other countries. 2020 CR Ltd. All rights reserved. Last modification date: 7/29/2020