Jokers Gold Game Rules • All awards (except or wins which contain ) pay left to right only. • Wins containing 4 or less pays left to right or right to left or centre. • Wins containing 4 or less combine with other symbols on same win line to award win. • 5 x win pays left to right only. • pay at any position on screen. All wins are added to line wins. • All awards (except ) pay for consecutive symbols on active win lines only. • can form two wins of different symbols on active win lines. Free Spins Feature • 3 in view awards 15 Free Spins. • During Free Spins, any which lands in the window replaces adjacent symbols in view on the same reel with a . • During Free Spins any which lands entirely in the window turns that reel wild for the remaining Free Spins. • The additional jokers added from the Super Jokers are displayed under each reel. Wandering Joker Bonus • On a chance basis, when any lands on the middle reel but there is no win, the Wandering Joker Bonus is activated. • The turns into and moves around the window as the reels spin. • Any winning combinations are then awarded to the player. • The bonus ends when no winning combinations are present. • Wandering Joker Bonus not available in Free Spins. • No other bonus can be triggered during the Wandering Joker Bonus. Expanding Joker Bonus • On a chance basis, when any lands on the middle reel but there is no win, the Expanding Joker Bonus is activated. • The will turn into and expand to fill the middle reel. • Any other in view when the Expanding Joker Bonus is activated will also expand. • Any resulting wins are then awarded. • If no winning combinations are present, the remaining reels spin and any additional jokers expand. • Any wins are then awarded and the bonus then ends. • Expanding Joker Bonus not available in Free Spins. • No other bonus can be triggered during the Expanding Joker Bonus. Extra Joker Bonus • On a chance basis, when any lands on the middle reel but there is no win, the Extra Joker Bonus is activated. • The will turn into and randomly turn other symbols on the reels into . • Any resulting wins are awarded and the bonus ends. • Extra Joker Bonus not available in Free Spins. • No other bonus can be triggered during the Extra Joker Bonus. Jokers • substitutes for . • can appear on all reels. • does not substitute for . Gamble • Any win can be gambled. • Find the card to win. Win Lines • 10 Independent win lines. Information • This game has an average percentage payout of at least: 95%. • Not all stakes may be available. • Malfunction voids game. • The outcome of any game is not necessarily that shown by the odds displayed. • The maximum win in any one game is 500 x maximum stake.