Regal Jewels Win Streaks How To Play Pressing play begins the initial drop. Jewels will drop into the 5x5 game grid. Once the drop has completed, any wins in view are awarded to the player. Wins are awarded for combinations of 5 or more matching jewels which are adjacent to each other in a horizontal or vertical direction. A single winning combination may contain matching jewels which are adjacent to each other in both horizontal and vertical directions. When a winning combination is processed, the jewels forming the win shatter and are removed from view. Once all winning combinations in the game grid have been removed from view, any remaining jewels move downwards to fill any space below and new jewels drop from the top of the game grid to fill any gaps. Any winning combinations in view after the new jewels have landed are then processed before exploding and being removed from view. Any remaining jewels then drop down to fill any space below and new jewels drop in from the top of the game grid to fill any gaps. This sequence continues until no further winning combinations are in view. The game ends when there are no further winning combinations in the game grid. Wins are paid according to the pay table for each jewel type and the number of jewels in the combination. Bomb symbols that land in view are activated after any wins and drops have been processed and the resulting 5x5 grid contains no wins. The Bombs will remove all adjacent symbols and new symbols will drop in. Any new wins or bombs are processed again. Crazy Pays Trail The trail is shown on the top right hand side of the screen. Any drops after the initial drop in the current game will light an indicator on the trail. The trail is completed when all 3 sections of the trail are illuminated. Once the trail is completed the Crazy Pays feature is activated. Crazy Pays Feature When the Crazy Pays feature is active wins are awarded for 5 or more matching connecting jewels in a horizontal, vertical and diagonal direction. Any winning Crazy Pays combinations on the current game grid are awarded as per the pay table. Drops continue until no further winning combinations are in view, at that point a bonus drop is awarded to the player. If any winning combinations are created in the bonus grid, the winning combinations shatter and drops will continue until no further winning combinations are in view. The Crazy Pays feature ends when there are no further winning combinations remaining in the 5x5 grid of symbols. Autoplay Select your number of spins and a loss limit to enable the start autoplay button. You can select the generated loss limit or enter a custom value. Autoplay will stop if the number of spins is completed or the loss limit is reached. Your loss limit is reached when your net losses are equal to the value selected or a further spin would increase net losses higher than set loss limit. Additionally you may enter a win limit that stops autoplay when a single game win is equal to or exceeds the value. Enabling the stop on jackpot option will stop autoplay if the jackpot of 12,500 x max stake is reached. Additional Information Expected pay back is at least 95%. In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example: If the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are the exact same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term expected average in either direction. The expected pay back reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual pay back that may be experienced. The maximum win in any one game is 12,500 x max stake. Malfunction voids game. All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of CR ltd and/or its licensees in the U.S. and/or other countries. RTP:94.0% The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 or 10,000xBet - whichever is reached first (or currency equivalent. Other Operator limits may apply). Last modification date: 11/1/2019