Fruitfull Free Spins Feature • 3, 4 or 5 anywhere in view start the Free Spins Feature. • During Free Spins the FruitFull bonus is active. • 5 in view awards 20 Free Spins. • 4 in view awards 15 Free Spins. • 3 in view awards 10 Free Spins. FruitFull Bonus • During Free Spins, any symbols which land in view are transferred to the corresponding position on the FruitFull matrix for that symbol. • Symbols are only transferred to the FruitFull matrix if the corresponding position on the matrix for that symbol is empty. • When the combination of symbols on any FruitFull matrix could form a winning win line combination on the reels, the contents of the matrix are displayed on the reel window and all resulting wins are awarded to the player. • If any combination of symbols lands in view on the reels which could create a win line win, the symbols are transferred to the FruitFull matrix first and then all winning FruitFull matrix combinations are then processed. • Once any winning FruitFull matrix has been paid, the winning matrix is cleared and can be refilled on any subsequent spins. • At the end of Free Spins the FruitFull matrix is cleared and the reels revert to the positions that were in view before the feature was triggered. • During Free Spins, if 3, 4 or 5 Free Spins scatter symbols land anywhere in view, the feature is re-triggered awarding the number of free spins shown. • During Free Spins, any Free Spins scatter symbols which land in view are not transferred to the FruitFull bonus matrix. Win Lines • 10 independent win lines. • All awards (except ) pay left to right only. • All awards (except ) pay on active win lines only. • pay at any position on screen. • wins are added to line wins. • appears on all reels. • 3 or more in view starts the Free Spins Feature. • During Free Spins, FruitFull bonus wins are processed using the win lines stated above. • Only the highest win paid per active win line. Wilds • substitutes for • does not substitute for • Wilds are not available during Free Spins. • Four or less wild symbols on any win line combine with other symbols to award wins. • Five on an active win line substitutes for five . Gamble • Find "Win!" to win. • Press Take Win to exit gamble with your winnings and any saved winnings. • Press the less and more buttons to change odds, when available. • Any winnings which would result in a subsequent successful gamble exceeding the maximum win are automatically saved into saved winnings. • Wins may be gambled multiple times up to the maximum win amount. • All wins are rounded up to the nearest denomination. Autoplay • Select your number of spins and a loss limit to enable the start autoplay button. • You can select the generated loss limit or enter a custom value. • Autoplay will stop if the number of spins is completed or the loss limit is reached. • Your loss limit is reached when your net losses are equal to the value selected or a further spin would increase net losses higher than set loss limit. • Additionally you may enter a win limit that stops autoplay when a single game win is equal to or exceeds the value. • Enabling the stop on jackpot option will stop autoplay if the jackpot of (500 x Maximum stake) is reached. Information • Expected payback is at least 94%. • Malfunction voids game. • No prize greater than (500 x Maximum stake) can be won in any one game. • The outcome of any game or feature is not necessarily that shown by the odds displayed. Last modification date: 7/1/2020