Cabaret Magic Base Game Rules All awards pay left to right only. All awards pay on active win lines only. Highest win paid per active win line. Diamond Game Press Start to start the Diamond game. There are 4 possible results after the Diamond Reels spin. Awards 0 in view Awards a spin. 1 in view Awards the Each Way Pays bonus. 2 in view Awards the Each Way Pays bonus and 2 Scatter Wilds are added to all reels. 3 in view Awards the Each Way Pays bonus; 2 Scatter Wilds are added to all reels and Mega Wilds are active Mega Wilds Any in view expand to all 3 positions on the reel. The middle reel is always wild. The Mega Wilds feature is only available during Diamond Game spins Free Spins Free Spins are triggered by 3, 4 or 5 landing in view: Awards 3 in view 10 Free Spins 4 in view 15 Free Spins 5 in view 20 Free Spins During Free Spins the following symbols are removed from the reels: gives a wheel of Fortune where the Showtime Slot, Wonder Wheel and Hi-Lo Dancer features are triggered. is wild. is only available during Free Spins. only appears on reel 3. Each Way Pays is active if 1, or more, diamonds have landed in view when playing Diamond Game stakes. Free Spins cannot be retriggered from within Free Spins. Feature Wheel If lands in view during Free Spins the Feature Wheel is triggered. Spin the wheel to determine which feature will be awarded:. Showtime Slot. Wonder Wheel. Hi-Lo Dancer. You can only have 1 spin of the wheel. Showtime Slot Feature Stopping on starts the Showtime Slot feature. The player is presented with a traditional style slot machine. The slot machine will automatically spin. The feature will end when a losing combination is presented or €250,000 is achieved. Hi-Lo Dancer Feature Stopping on starts the Hi-Lo Dancer feature. The player is presented with a trail of cash values and a deck of cards. As each card is revealed the player must choose higher or lower. Each correct choice moves the player up the cash trail by 1 position. Aces count as high. The player loses if an incorrect choice was made. If they have an extra life then the life is lost instead and the Hi-Lo continues. After a life has been lost the player may choose to collect the current highlighted value. If the player has no extra lives then they move down to the safe position on or below their current position or to lose if no safe position has been reached. The feature ends when a losing choice with no extra life is made, collect is pressed or €250,000 is reached. Wonder Wheel Feature Stopping on starts the Wonder Wheel feature. The player is presented with a trail of cash values and a Wheel of Fortune. The player can choose either yellow or blue. If a correct choice is made they are moved up the trail by the corresponding number on the wheel. The player loses if an incorrect choice is made and then move down to the safe position on or below their current position or to lose if no safe position has been reached. The feature ends when a losing choice is made, collect is pressed, or €250,000 is reached. Big Game Bonus On a chance basis at the end of Free Spins the Big Game Bonus is awarded. Spin the wheel, if it lands in the green area then a mystery amount of cash is awarded. If it lands in the red area then nothing is awarded. The player can only spin the wheel once. Heads or Tails On a chance basis, at the end of any losing spin the player will be asked to choose heads or tails. A coin will then be tossed and if the player has chosen correctly a respin will be given that results in a winning combination. Dice Bonus On a chance basis, at the end of any losing spin the player will be asked to roll a pair of dice. When the roll is complete, if the dice total is 7 or above a respin will be given that results in a winning combination. Win Lines 10 Independent win lines. Wins are paid from left to right. Each Way Pays is only active if 1, or more, diamonds have landed in view when playing Diamond Game stakes. When Each Way Pays is active, all awards pay according to the pay table for the highest combination of matching adjacent symbols anywhere on an active pay line. Wilds , , substitute for . . . . , , can form part of multiple wins. is available on all reels during Diamond Game spins. is only available on all reels during linear play. is only on reel 3 during Free Spins. Gamble Up to five gamble options are available to the player. A successful gamble will increase the win to the value displayed beneath the chosen column or if the gamble was to a feature then the feature will be immediately awarded. The game will start when the player chooses a column. The marker will begin to move eventually landing in either the black or coloured section. If the marker lands in the coloured section the player wins and the winnings will be increased to the value below the column. If the marker lands in the black section the player loses and the game will exit with any part-saved winnings. Any winnings which would result in a subsequent successful gamble exceeding the maximum win are automatically saved into saved winnings. The player can press the collect button to exit with the current winning. A maximum of 10 gambles per gamble entry will be awarded. All wins are rounded up to the nearest denomination. Auto Play Select your number of spins and a loss limit to enable the start autoplay button. You can select a custom loss limit value. Autoplay will stop if the number of spins is completed or the loss limit is reached. Your loss limit is reached when your net losses are equal to the value selected or a further spin would increase net losses higher than set loss limit. Additionally you may enter a win limit that stops autoplay when a single game win is equal to or exceeds the value. Autoplay will stop if the jackpot of €250,000 is reached. Information Not all stakes may be available. Expected payback is at least 95%. Malfunction voids game. No prize greater than €250,000 can be won in any one game. The outcome of any game or feature is not necessarily that shown by the odds displayed. All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of CR Ltd and/or its licensees in the U.S. and/or other countries. 2019 CR Ltd. All rights reserved. Last modification date: 11/18/2019