Game of Shows Base Game Rules All awards pay left to right only. All awards pay on active win lines only. Highest win paid per active win line. appears on all reels. Lucky Diamonds Touch the Mini Reels or press Start to start the Lucky Diamonds game. There are 4 possible results after the Mini Reels spin. Awards 0 in view Awards a spin. 1 in view Awards the Each Way Pays bonus 2 in view Awards the Each Way Pays bonus and turns all scatters wild 3 in view Awards the Each Way Pays bonus; turns all scatters wild and activates the Locked In Spins feature Locked In Spins If a Lucky Diamonds spin awards 3 Diamonds and the reels land in a non-scatter win the Locked in Spins feature will activate. When active, any scatters will be transformed into regular wilds. The symbols that would award a win will become locked in symbols (including wilds). The reels will then start to spin. If the spin adds another symbol that matches the locked symbols the reels will spin again after locking any new symbols. If no wild or new locked symbols land in view the current win in view will be awarded to the player and the feature will end. Hi Lo to Go Feature , , or , , combination anywhere in view starts the Hi Lo to Go Feature. The player is presented with a face up and face down playing card along with two buttons (Hi and Lo). The player chooses higher or lower and the card back flips to reveal the outcome. If the player guesses the outcome correctly, the current trail position is incremented. If the player does not guess correctly and the player hasn't made a wrong decision so far, the player is awarded another chance via an 'Extra Life'. If the wrong decision was made and the extra life has been used, the feature will end and the highlighted trail value is awarded. Ace is always high and pairs will always win. Time to Bank Feature , , or , , combination anywhere in view starts the Time to Bank Feature. The player is awarded 3 options to bank and 10 seconds on the clock. When the feature starts the clock will start to count down and all the available positions will be randomly dappled. The dapple will last between 1.02 and 2.03 seconds with an average of 1.5 second. When the dapple stops the clock also stops and the highlight position is then offered. Once a position has been awarded it is no long available for subsequent dapples. If a cash value is offered the player must choose to 'reject' or 'bank' the offer. If the player chooses to 'bank' the offer the number of banks is decremented and the cash value is added to the total banked. If the clock hasnt reached 0:00 the dapple will continue. If the player chooses to 'reject' the offer and the clock has not reached 0:00 the dapple will continue. If the dapple stops on '+time' a random amount between 3 and 10 seconds is awarded to the clock. If the dapple stops on '+bank' the player is awarded 1 additional bank option. If the player has any 'bank' options remaining when the clock reaches 0:00 and a value has been highlighted the feature will 'auto bank' the value and forefit any remaining bank options. The feature ends when either the clock reaches 0, the number of banks reaches 0 or the maximum win value of €250,000has been reached. The total banked value will be awarded to the player. Extra banks will not be awarded if there is 2 seconds or less remaining on the clock. Cash Climb Feature , , or , , combination anywhere in view starts the Cash Climb Feature. The player is presented with a trail of cash values and a wheel with 8 segments. The wheel contains the values 1 to 6 and 2 collect segments. The player is prompted to spin the wheel. When the wheel stops the player's position on the cash trail is advanced by the number in the highlighted segment. The sequence continues until a 'collect' segment lands in the highlighted area or the top value in the cash trail is reached. Spin to Win bonus On a chance basis at the end of any losing spin, all of the reels will start spinning, the reel will then stop, creating a winning combination. Reel Drop bonus On a chance basis at the end of any losing spin, all symbols on a reel will disappear and the symbols above will drop down, creating a winning combination. Win Lines 10 Independent win lines. Wins are payed from left to right. Each Way Pays is only active if 1, or more, diamonds have landed in view when playing Lucky Diamonds stakes. When Each Way Pays is active, all awards pay according to the pay table for the highest combination of matching adjacent symbols anywhere on an active pay line. Wilds When a , , , , or lands in view and a potential win combination is present the symbol turns into . substitute for . can form part of multiple wins. is only available on Reel 3 during normal reel spins or Reels 1, 3 and 5 during Locked In Spins. is only available on Reels 1 and 3. , , and are only available on Reel 5. Gamble Up to five gamble options are available to the player. A successful gamble will increase the win to the value displayed beneath the chosen column or if the gamble was to a feature then the feature will be immediately awarded. It is possible to win features from the gamble. The game will start when the player chooses a column. The marker will begin to move eventually landing in either the black or coloured section. If the marker lands in the coloured section the player wins and the winnings will be increased to the value below the column. If the marker lands in the black section the player loses and the game will exit with any part-saved winnings. Any winnings which would result in a subsequent successful gamble exceeding the maximum win are automatically saved into saved winnings. The player can press the collect button to exit with the current winning. A maximum of 10 gambles per gamble entry will be awarded. All wins are rounded up to the nearest denomination. Auto Play Select your number of spins and a loss limit to enable the start autoplay button. You can select a custom loss limit value. Autoplay will stop if the number of spins is completed or the loss limit is reached. Your loss limit is reached when your net losses are equal to the value selected or a further spin would increase net losses higher than set loss limit. Additionally you may enter a win limit that stops autoplay when a single game win is equal to or exceeds the value. Autoplay will stop if the jackpot of €250,000is reached. Information Not all stakes may be available. Expected payback based on a good strategy is at least 95%. Playing a random strategy has an expected payback of 87% during Linear Games and 89% for Lucky Diamond games. A good strategy is only applicable during the Hi Lo to Go feature and the Time to Bank feature. In the Hi Lo to Go feature the good strategy is to gamble high when the card is 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, or 8 and gamble low when the card is 9, 10, J, Q, K or A. In the Time to Bank feature the good strategy is to bank any value that is at least 12.5 × your current stake. Malfunction voids game. No prize greater than €250,000can be won in any one game. The outcome of any game or feature is not necessarily that shown by the odds displayed. All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of CR Ltd and/or its licensees in the U.S. and/or other countries. 2019 CR Ltd. All rights reserved. Last modification date: 9/18/2019