Money Mutiny Base Game Rules All awards, except pay left to right on active pay lines only. pays anywhere in view according to the paytable. Highest win paid per active win line. Diamond Game - Buccaneer's Bounty Press Start to start the Diamond game. There are 4 possible results after the Mini Reels spin. Awards 0 in view Awards a spin. 1 in view Awards a spin with the Each Way Pays bonus 2 in view Awards a spin with the Each Way Pays bonus and all scatters become wild 3 in view Awards a spin with the Each Way Pays bonus; all scatters are wild and activates the Locked In Spins feature Scatters Base Game pays anywhere in view according to the paytable. Diamond Game – Buccaneer's Bounty If there are 1 or less awarded from the Diamond Game, pays anywhere in view. When there are 2 or more awarded from the Diamond Game, pays anywhere in view + per pay line in accordance to the paytable: Locked In Spins If a Diamond Game spin awards 3 and the reels land in a non-scatter win the Locked in Spins feature will activate. If a reel win occurs, all the symbols in view of the win will be locked in (including ), and the reels will start to spin. If the spin adds extra of the locked in symbol, these will be locked and the reels will spin again. If no wild or new locked symbols land in view the current win in view will be awarded to the player and the feature will end. Free Spins - Pirate Plunder 3 or more in view Awards 3 10 Free Spins + Cash value 4 15 Free Spins + Cash value 5 20 Free Spins + Cash value < class="iScrollHorizontalScrollbar iScrollLoneScrollbar"> < class="iScrollIndicator"> Cash values are awarded in accordance to the paytable. Cash values awarded by or in view are paid along with the payline award when available. During the Free Spins feature the Pirate Treasure Bonus can be awarded. Pirate Treasure Bonus is only available during the Free Spins feature. During the Free Spins Pirate Plunder feature if 1 or more lands anywhere in view with any in view the Pirate Treasure Bonus is awarded. The attached prize value shown on each in view is awarded into each value. At the end of the spin all values are counted and awarded to the player. Expanding Wild is only available on reel 3. When a lands in view and a win or potential win combination is present, the wild symbol expands replacing all 3 symbols on that reel with Wilds When lands in view and a win or potential win combination lands in view, the symbol will turn into a , , and substitute for: . , , and can form part of multiple wins. is only available on reel 3 during the Base Game. is only available on all reels during the Free Spins only. 4 or less , , or must combine with another symbol to create winning combinations. Win Lines There are 10 independent win lines. All awards, except pay left to right on active pay lines only. 3 or more in view awards the win displayed in the paytable appear on all reels Only the highest win paid per active win line. Each Way Pays is only active if 1, or more, have landed in view when playing Diamond Game stakes. When Each Way Pays is active, all awards pay according to the paytable for the highest combination of matching adjacent symbols anywhere on an active pay line. Gamble Up to five gamble options are available to the player. The game will start when the player chooses a column. The green and yellow areas represent the chance of winning. A successful gamble will increase the win to the value displayed beneath the chosen column. An unsuccessful gamble will exit with any part-saved winnings. Any winnings which would result in a subsequent successful gamble exceeding the maximum win are automatically saved into saved winnings. It is possible to win up to a maximum of 50 Free Spins from a winning gamble. The player can press the Take Win button to exit with the current winnings. A maximum of 10 gambles per gamble entry will be awarded. All wins are rounded up to the nearest denomination. Auto Play Select your number of spins and a loss limit to enable the start autoplay button. You can select a custom loss limit value. Autoplay will stop if the number of spins is completed or the loss limit is reached. Your loss limit is reached when your net losses are equal to the value selected or a further spin would increase net losses higher than set loss limit. Additionally you may enter a win limit that stops autoplay when a single game win is equal to or exceeds the value. Autoplay will stop if the jackpot of €250,000 is reached. Information Not all stakes may be available. Expected payback to the player is at least 95%. Malfunction voids game. No prize greater than €250,000 can be won in any one game. The outcome of any game or feature is not necessarily that shown by the odds displayed. All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of CR Ltd and/or its licensees in the U.S. and/or other countries. 2019 CR Ltd. All rights reserved.