Banks of Gold Base Game Rules All awards (except ) pay left to right only. All awards (except ) pay on active win lines only. Highest win paid per active win line. appears on reels 1, 3 and 5 only. appears on reel 1 and 3 only. The return to the player based on good strategy is: 94%. A good strategy is to collect any offer in the Banks of Gold feature when the value is equal to or above the stake multipliers below. The multiplier value to collect at depends on the number of Super Scatters that triggered the feature. Super Scatters Stake Multiplier 3 17.5x 2 17.5x 1 12.5x 0 7.5x High Roller Rules All awards (except ) pay for combinations of 3 or more anywhere on active pay lines only. All awards (except ) pay for combinations of 2 or more anywhere on active pay lines only. appears on reels 1 and 3 in €20.00 High Roller. appears on reel 1, 3 and 5 in €30.00 and €50.00 High Roller. The return to the player based on good strategy is: 94%. A good strategy is to collect any offer in the Banks Of Gold feature when the value is equal to or above the amounts below. The value to collect at depends on the number of Super Scatters that triggered the feature. Super Scatters Amount 3 €35.00 2 €35.00 1 €25.00 0 €15.00 Banks Of Gold Feature Any combination of 3x / anywhere in view starts the Banks of Gold feature. The player is awarded 3 options to bank and 10 seconds to use them. When the feature starts, the clock will start to count down and all the available positions will be randomly dappled. The dapple will last between 1.02 and 2.03 seconds and take on average 1.5 seconds to complete. When the dapple stops the clock also stops and the highlighted position is then offered. Once a position has been awarded it is no longer available for subsequent dapples. If a cash value is offered you must choose to 'reject' or 'bank' the offer. If you choose to 'bank' the offer the number of banks is decremented by 1, the cash value is added to the feature bank and, if the clock hasn't reached 0:00, the dapple continues. If you choose to 'reject' the offer, and the clock hasn't reached 0:00, the dapple continues. If the dapple stops on 'extra time', a random amount between 3 and 10 seconds is added to the clock. If the dapple stops on 'extra bank', the player is awarded 1 additional bank option. If the player has any 'bank' options remaining when the clock reaches 0:00 and a cash value has been selected, the feature automatically adds the value to the feature bank and any remaining banks are forfeit. The feature ends when either the clock reaches 0:00, the number of remaining banks is 0 or €250,000.00 jackpot has been reached. Any amount accumulated in the feature bank is then awarded to the player. If no cash values are left for selection, all remaining extra bank and extra time positions are converted to cash values. It is not always possible to use any extra banks that have been awarded before the clock expires. Extra banks will not be awarded if there are 2 seconds or less on the clock. Any number of symbols in view on the reels when the feature is triggered enhances the feature by replacing some of the values available for selection with increased values, extra banks or extra time. Drop It Bonus On a chance basis at the end of any losing spin a rainbow will drop down over a reel pulling it down. This will result in a winning combination or a feature trigger. Rainbow Respin Bonus On a chance basis at the end of any losing spin all of the reels will start spinning. The reels will then stop creating a winning combination or a feature trigger. Look At That Bonus On a chance basis at the end of any spin. A large 3x3 symbol will appear on the reels. This will create or improve any existing winning combinations. Reel Budge Bonus On a chance basis at the end of any losing spin, all of the reels will move horizontally, creating a winning combination. Win Lines 10 Independent win lines. Wilds substitute for . does not substitute for . does not substitute for . is only available on reel 3. can form part of multiple wins. Gamble Press the Collect button to exit gamble with your winnings and any saved winnings. Wins may be gambled multiple times up to the maximum win amount. Any winnings which would result in a subsequent successful gamble exceeding the maximum win are automatically saved into saved winnings. Each wheel contains green and red segments, when a wheel is selected it will spin and then stop. If the arrow lands in the green segment on the selected wheel, the player wins the gamble. If the arrow lands on the red segment on the selected wheel, the gamble is lost. All wins are rounded up to the nearest denomination. Auto Play Select your number of spins and a loss limit to enable the start autoplay button. You can select the generated loss limit or enter a custom value. Autoplay will stop if the number of spins is completed or the loss limit is reached. Your loss limit is reached when your net losses are equal to the value selected or a further spin would increase net losses higher than set loss limit. Additionally you may enter a win limit that stops autoplay when a single game win is equal to or exceeds the value. Autoplay will stop if the jackpot of €250,000.00 is reached. Information Playing a random strategy in the Banks Of Gold feature, regardless of value has an RTP of at least 88%. Not all stakes may be available. All awards shown in the paytable are per winning line. Malfunction voids game. No prize greater than €250,000.00 can be won in any one game. The outcome of any game or feature is not necessarily that shown by the odds displayed. Last modification date: 7/1/2020