Cashmeleon About Cashmeleon is played over 5 reels Cashmeleon Feature All Cashmeleons in view change to a single colour if a rainbow wild Cashmeleon lands in view on Reel 5 and a winning combination would be created by changing all Cashmeleons in view to a single colour. The rule for selecting the colour of the Cashmeleon if a Cashmeleon win could be improved is: The colour of the Cashmeleon symbol in the winning combination is selected. The rules for selecting the colour of the cashmeleon if a cashmeleon winning combination could be created are: The colour of the highest number of Cashmeleon symbols on the reels that would form the winning combination is selected. If there are equal numbers of Cashmeleon symbols on the reels that would form the winning combination; the colour of the Cashmeleon that would give the highest win is selected. Win Lines 10 independent win lines (except High Roller games). , and highroller games have an additional 10 independent win lines. All awards pay for combinations of 3 or more adjacent matching symbols anywhere on active pay lines only. Wilds substitutes for Gamble Find "WIN" to win. Press Collect to exit gamble with your winnings and any saved winnings. Press the less and more buttons to change odds, when available. Any winnings which would result in a subsequent successful gamble exceeding the maximum win are automatically saved into saved winnings. Wins may be gambled multiple times up to the maximum win amount. All wins are rounded up to the nearest denomination. Autoplay Select your number of spins and a loss limit to enable the start autoplay button. You can select the generated loss limit or enter a custom value. Autoplay will stop if the number of spins is completed or the loss limit is reached. Your loss limit is reached when your net losses are equal to the value selected or a further spin would increase net losses higher than set loss limit. Additionally you may enter a win limit that stops autoplay when a single game win is equal to or exceeds the value. Enabling the stop on jackpot option will stop autoplay if the jackpot of 500 times the maximum stake is reached. Information Expected payback is at least 94%. Malfunction voids game. No prize greater than 500 times the maximum stake can be won in any one game. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. The outcome of any game or feature is not necessarily that shown by the odds displayed. Last modification date: 7/1/2020