Money Multiplier Deluxe Free Spins 3 or more in view awards the Free Spins Feature During the Free Spins feature the Reel Win Multiplier bonus is active. During the Free Spins feature any reel win is multiplied by the Reel Win Multiplier value shown at the bottom of the Reel Win Multiplier Stack. Once a win has been multiplied the bottom multiplier will be removed and any other multipliers in the stack will move down one position along the Reel Win Multiplier Stack. At the end of the Free Spins feature if there are any remaining multipliers on the Reel Win Multiplier Stack the Bonus Round will begin. x3 x4 x5 Number of Spins 10 15 20 Locked Scatter Reel During the €30.00 High Roller stake and €50.00 High Roller stake the Locked Scatter Reels feature is active. Any in view will cause the reel it is on to Scatter Lock. Once locked, no more scatters may land on that reel. Each Locked Scatter Reel will substitute for a in view for the remaining High Roller spins. Once a combination of 3 or more Locked Scatter Reels or is in view the Locked Scatters will unlock and the Free Spins feature will be awarded. Reel Win Multiplier During the Free Spins Feature the Reel Win Multiplier bonus is active. 3 or more in view will cause the Free Spins to re-trigger and award addition Free Spins 1 or 2 in view will activate the Reel Win Multiplier Stack either 1 or 2 times, respectively. When the Reel Win Multiplier stack is active the Reel Win Multiplier bonus dapples over each of the displayed multipliers. The player then presses the screen to stop the dapple on a Multiplier, which is then selected. The selected multiplier is then added to the highlighted space on the Reel Win Multiplier stack. Once all multipliers have been selected. The next space on the Reel Win Multiplier stack will become highlighted. If the top position on the Reel Win Multiplier Stack is already highlighted once a new multiplier is awarded, the highlight will move back to the bottom position on the Reel Win Multiplier Stack Bonus Round At the end of the Free Spins feature, if any unused Reel Win Multipliers remain in the Reel Win Multiplier Stack, the Bonus Round is triggered. Any Reel Win Multipliers in the Reel Win Multiplier Stack are added together and the total is displayed. The reels will spin up to 5 winning spins and the value of the win multiplied by the active Reel Win Multiplier is offered to the player. The player is ofered the chance to accept the offer by pressing the 'COLLECT WIN' button or to reject it by pressing the 'SPIN AGAIN' button. If the player chooses to accept, the offer is awarded to the player and the feature ends. If the player choses to reject the offer the reels will then respin to another winning combination. Once all bonus winning spins are complete the last win shown is auto collected. WIN LINES 10 independent win lines symbols are available on all reels All awards pay left to right on active pay lines only, except during the €50.00 Highroller stake where all awards pay at any position on active win lines. In the Base Game, €20.00 , and €30.00 High Roller only the highest win is paid per active win line. In the €50.00 High Roller multiple wins can form per active win line. Wilds substitute for does not substitute for is only available on reel #3. can form part of multiple wins. Gamble Spin the wheel, if a green segment lands on the win line, you win. Touch any gamble button to select odds. Touch COLLECT to collect and end gamble All wins are rounded up to the nearest denomination. Auto Play Select your number of spins and a loss limit to enable the start autoplay button. You can select the generated loss limit or enter a custom value. Autoplay will stop if the number of spins is completed or the loss limit is reached. Your loss limit is reached when your net losses are equal to the value selected or a further spin would increase net losses higher than set loss limit. Additionally you may enter a win limit that stops autoplay when a single game win is equal to or exceeds the value. Autoplay will stop if the jackpot of €250,000.00 is reached. Information Not all stakes may be available. All awards shown in the paytable are per winning line. Expected payback to the player based on a good strategy is at least 94%. Expected payback to the player based on a random strategy for all base game stakes is at least 76%. Expected payback to the player based on a random strategy for the €20.00 High Roller stake is at least 59%. Expected payback to the player based on a random strategy for the €30.00 High Roller stake is at least 51%. Expected payback to the player based on a random strategy for the €50.00 High Roller stake is at least 77%. The good strategy for all base game stakes is to collect any multiplied win above (4x ) during the bonus round. The good strategy for the €20.00 High Roller stake is to collect any multiplied win above €8.00 during the bonus round. The good strategy for the €30.00 High Roller stake is to collect any multiplied win above €68.00 during the bonus round. The good strategy for the €50.00 High Roller stake is to collect any multiplied win above €68.00 during the bonus round. Malfunction voids game. No prize greater than €250,000.00 can be won in any one game. The outcome of any game or feature is not necessarily that shown by the odds displayed. All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of CR Ltd and/or its licensees in the U.S. and/or other countries. 2018 CR Ltd. All rights reserved.