Animals of the Amazon Base Game Rules All awards, left to right on active pay lines only. Highest win paid per active win line. 3 in view starts the Free Spins feature 3 in view awards 12 Free Spins is only available on reels 1, 3 and 5. Diamond Game Press Start to start the Diamond game. 3 in view starts the Free Spins feature Free Spins Feature 3 in view starts the Free Spins feature 3 in view awards 12 Free Spins After each spin any resulting wins are awarded to the player. When one or more land in view, extra spins are awarded and if available will replace , , or on the reels according to the table below. 1 or more in view Awards 1 in view 1 extra Free Spin 2 in view 3 extra Free Spins 3 in view 12 extra Free Spins Consecutive in view Awards 1st in view Replaces all with 2nd in view Replaces all with 3rd in view Replaces all with 4th in view Replaces all with If a results in any visible symbols on the reels being changed, any visible wins are awarded to the player. This process will repeat until any further in view finish replacing symbols. is only available on reels 1, 3 and 5. Respin Bonus - Spin to Win On a chance basis at the end of any losing spin, two jaguars will race across the reels, causing them to all start spinning. The reels will then stop, creating a winning combination. All wins are then processed. The Respin bonus is not available during Free Spins 5x Win Line Bonus If any 15 matching symbols land in view (Including ) the win line values will be multiplied by 5 for this spin. The 5x Win Lines bonus is also available during Free Spins Wild substitutes for: is only available on reels 2, 3 and 4. can form part of multiple wins. Win Lines There are 20 independent win lines. All awards, left to right on active pay lines only. Only the highest win is paid per active win line. Gamble Up to five gamble options are available to the player. The game will start when the player chooses a column. The coloured area represent the chance of winning. The black area represents the change of losing. A successful gamble will increase the win to the value displayed beneath the chosen column. The player can press the Take Win button to exit with the current winnings. A maximum of 10 gambles per gamble entry will be awarded. All wins are rounded up to the nearest denomination. Auto Play Select your number of spins and a loss limit to enable the start autoplay button. You can select a custom loss limit value. Autoplay will stop if the number of spins is completed or the loss limit is reached. Your loss limit is reached when your net losses are equal to the value selected or a further spin would increase net losses higher than set loss limit. Additionally you may enter a win limit that stops autoplay when a single game win is equal to or exceeds the value. Autoplay will stop if the jackpot of €250,000 is reached. Information Not all stakes may be available. Expected payback to the player is at least 95%. Malfunction voids game. No prize greater than €250,000 can be won in any one game. The outcome of any game or feature is not necessarily that shown by the odds displayed. All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of CR Ltd and/or its licensees in the U.S. and/or other countries. © 2020 CR Ltd. All rights reserved. Last modification date: 8/26/2020