Drop O' The Mornin' Base Game Drop O’ The Mornin’ is played on a 5 x 5 game grid. Pressing play begins the initial drop and symbols drop into the game grid. Once the drop has completed, any wins in view are awarded to the player. Wins are awarded for combinations of 5 or more matching symbols which are adjacent to each other in a horizontal or vertical direction. A single winning combination may contain matching symbols which are adjacent to each other in both horizontal and vertical directions. When a winning combination is processed, the symbols forming the win explode and are removed from view. Once all winning combinations in the game grid have been removed from view, any remaining symbols move downwards to fill any space below and new symbols drop from the top of the game grid to fill any gaps. Any winning combinations in view after the new symbols have landed are then processed before exploding and being removed from view. Any remaining symbols then drop down to fill any space below and new symbols drop in from the top of the game grid to fill any gaps. This sequence continues until no further winning combinations are in view. The game ends when there are no further winning combinations in the game grid. Wins are paid according to the pay table for each character ball type and the number of symbols in the combination. RTP is 95%. Drop Trail The drop trail is shown on the top right hand side of the screen. Any drops after the initial drop in the current game will light an indicator on the drop trail. The drop trail is completed when all 3 sections of the trail are illuminated. Once the drop trail is completed the Bonus Pays feature is activated. Bonus Pays Bonus When Bonus Pays is active wins are awarded for 3 or more matching connecting character balls in a horizontal and vertical direction. Any winning Bonus Pays combinations on the current game grid are awarded as per the pay table. Drops continue until no further winning combinations are in view. At that point a bonus drop is awarded to the player. If any winning combinations are created in the bonus grid, the winning combinations explode and drops will continue until no further winning combinations are in view. Bonus Pays ends when there are no further winning combinations remaining in the 5x5 grid of symbols Awards Multipliers are applied to the currently selected stake value in order to calculate wins. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 7/1/2020