The Chase Slot About The main game is played over 5 reels. Awards pay from left to right only 3 in view awards The Chase feature The Chase Feature The chase feature consists of 2 stages: the Head to Head round and the Final Chase The Head to Head round The player is presented with a 7 position trail and given the choice of 3 different cash values. The player selects a value and then starts the feature at the corresponding position. The Chaser doesn’t start on the trail, but the Chaser’s first move will place them on the first position on the trail. Once a value has been selected, a dapple takes place on 3 panels to determine the next move. The player can advance 1 position, the Chaser can advance 1 position or both the Chaser and the player can advance 1 position each on the trail. If the player is on the final position of the trail and the dapple lands on either ‘player move’ or ‘ player and chaser’ move, the player has won the round and the cash value selected at the start of the feature is taken through to the Final Chase round. If the Chaser catches the player before they complete the trail, the player still advances to The Final Chase, but no winnings are carried forward to the next round. The Final Chase The feature starts when the player presses the play button. The player is given 30 seconds on the clock and a trail with 10 positions. The feature starts when the player presses the play button. The timer counts down during the dapple on the 6 position trail comprising of 3 player and 3 chaser positions. The dapple takes between 1 and 3.5 seconds. The timer stops when the final positon has been selected. A Chaser position awards a time penalty of 3 seconds. A Player position awards a dapple on another 6 position trail containing cash values and an Extra Time position. If the dapple lands on a cash value, it is added to the Cash Pot and the player advances 1 position on the Final Chase trail. If the dapple lands on an Extra Time position, a random amount up to 10 seconds is added to the timer. The player does not advance on the Final Chase trail when being awarded Extra Time. When the timer expires the player is awarded the value in the Cash Pot. If the player reaches position 10 of the Final Chase trail, the value in the Cash Pot is doubled. Win Lines 10 independent win lines Gamble Guess the correct Chaser/Colour combination of the hidden card to win Only are present during the gamble feature. Press Take Win to exit the gamble with your winnings and any saved winnings. Any winnings which would result in a subsequent successful gamble exceeding the maximum win are automatically saved into saved winnings. Wins may be gambled multiple times up to the maximum win amount. All wins are rounded up to the nearest denomination. Wilds substitutes for does not substitute for Autoplay Select your number of spins and a loss limit to enable the start autoplay button. You can select the generated loss limit or enter a custom value. Autoplay will stop if the number of spins is completed or the loss limit is reached. Your loss limit is reached when your net losses are equal to the value selected or a further spin would increase net losses higher than set loss limit. Additionally you may enter a win limit that stops autoplay when a single game win is equal to or exceeds the value. Enabling the stop on jackpot option will stop autoplay if the jackpot of €250000 is reached. Information Expected payback is at least 94%. Malfunction voids game. No prize greater than €250000 can be won in any one game. The outcome of any game or feature is not necessarily that shown by the odds displayed. THE CHASE © & ™ ITV Studios Limited 2016 t/a Potato. Licensed by ITV Broadcasting Limited. Last modification date: 7/2/2020