Magician Trick Picks Trick Picks Free Spins • 3, 4 or 5 anywhere in view starts the Free Spins feature. • During Free Spins, the Trick Picks Bonus is active. • During Free Spins, if 1 lands in view the Trick Picks Bonus is triggered. During the Trick Picks Bonus the magician will deal between 2 and 8 cards. The player chooses only 1 card to choose a Trick Pick. The card turns to reveal the awarded bonus. • If the player turns over any symbol card all identical symbols in view turn wild and any resulting wins are awarded. Any symbols turned wild stay wild for the remaining Free Spins. • If the player turns over a Crazy Pays card, Crazy Pays is awarded. Crazy Pays wins are paid according to the paytable for all combinations of identical symbols anywhere in view. • Crazy Pays wins are only paid according to the number of reels on which the winning symbol appears. If any reels contain multiple matching symbols which can form part of a winning Crazy Pays combination then multiple wins are awarded. • If the player turns over a Free Spins card, a number of bonus Free Spins are awarded. • If 2 land in view the player chooses 1 Trick Pick. New cards are then dealt and the player chooses a second Trick Pick. • If 2 land in view any reel wins or Crazy Pays wins are awarded after the second pick. • If 3 or more land in view during Free Spins, Free Spins are re-triggered. • 5 in view awards 20 Free Spins. • 4 in view awards 15 Free Spins. • 3 in view awards 10 Free Spins. Gamble • Find the magician to win. • Press Take Win to exit gamble with your winnings and any saved winnings. • Press the less and more buttons to change odds, when available. • Any winnings which would result in a subsequent successful gamble exceeding the maximum win are automatically saved into saved winnings. • Wins may be gambled multiple times up to the maximum win amount. • All wins are rounded up to the nearest denomination. Wilds • substitutes for: • does NOT substitute for: • During Free Spins, wilds can form part of a Crazy Pays win. Win Lines • 10 independent win lines (except £50 High Roller). • £50 High Roller has 20 independent win lines. • All awards (except ) pay left to right only. • All awards (except ) pay on active win lines only. • pay at any position on screen. • wins are added to line wins. • appears on all reels. • 3 or more in view starts the Free Spins Feature. • During Free Spins, each Crazy Pays combination can contain a maximum of one symbol from each reel. • Crazy Pays wins are paid for matching symbols which are not adjacent. Autoplay • Select your number of spins and a loss limit to enable the start autoplay button. • You can select the generated loss limit or enter a custom value. • Autoplay will stop if the number of spins is completed or the loss limit is reached. • Your loss limit is reached when your net losses are equal to the value selected or a further spin would increase net losses higher than set loss limit. • Additionally you may enter a win limit that stops autoplay when a single game win is equal to or exceeds the value. • Enabling the stop on jackpot option will stop autoplay if the jackpot of £250,000 is reached. Information • Expected payback is: 95%. • Malfunction voids game. • No prize greater than £250,000 can be won in any one game. • The outcome of any game or feature is not necessarily that shown by the odds displayed. Last modification date: 7/1/2020