Quest for the Book of Pharaohs Rules / How To play: • Quest for the Book of Pharaohs is played over 5 reels. • Press the Spin button to begin a spin. Once a spin cycle has started, press spin button to turbo the spin. • The Stake is the stake per line multiplied by the number of lines. Bonus Feature: • The bonus feature is activated when 3 or more of the Book Symbol land in view. • The Book Symbol will pay in any position on screen. • When the bonus feature starts a reel symbol is randomly picked from the pharaoh's book and becomes the special symbol in the bonus feature. • After each spin in the bonus game, if there are enough special symbols to create a win on different reels, the reel symbol will expand to cover their respective reels. These symbols will then pay on non adjacent positions and on all lines played. • Triggering the Bonus Feature will always award 10 free spins. • The Bonus Feature can be re-triggered during an existing bonus round. • Re-triggering the Bonus Feature during an existing bonus round will also award 10 free spins. • The special expanding symbol cannot be substituted by the book symbol during the free spins bonus feature.• The total winnings shown at the end of the free spins bonus feature also includes the initial amount won when initialising the bonus feature. Wilds • The Book Symbol is available on all reels. • The Book Symbol can substitute for all other symbols. • Only the highest win will pay per active win line. Win Lines • There are 10 Adjustable independent win lines. • The user can choose any number of win lines between 1 and 10 before starting a spin. • The Book Symbol Will trigger at any position in view. Auto Play • Select your number of spins, a single win limit and a loss limit to start Auto Play. • Auto Play will stop when the number of spins is complete, the single win limit is reached or the loss limit is reached.• Additionally you may click the Cancel Auto Play button to stop auto play. Information • The expected RTP is at least 94%. • Not all stakes may be available. • Malfunction voids game. • No prize greater than £250,000 can be won in any one game (this includes the total amount that can be won during the free spins bonus feature). • The outcome of any game or feature is not necessarily that shown by the odds displayed. Last modification date: 7/5/2019