Well Well Well Magic Spins On a chance basis, blue mist will cover the reels. The reels will start to spin in opposing directions. The reels will stop on a winning combination. Free Spins Feature 3 or more symbols anywhere in view starts the free spins feature. 3x awards 10 free spins. 4x awards 15 free spins. 5x awards 20 free spins. The wonder reels are used during free spins, which removes: If a lands in view on reel 3, the golden well bonus is awarded. Free spins cannot be re-triggered is not available during free spins. Golden Well Bonus When a lands in view on reel 3, the golden well bonus is awarded. The bucket will drop in the golden well and will return to the screen where it will tip and award the player an increasing monetary value. The bucket can drop several times, each time awarding a monetary value. Win Lines 10 independent win lines and wins are added to line wins. and wins pay at any position in view. All awards pay left to right on active pay lines only. Only the highest win is paid per symbol type per active win line. 4 or less wilds must combine with other symbols to create winning combinations. During €20.00 high roller, €30.00 high roller and €50.00 high roller games all awards pay according to the paytable for combinations of matching adjacent symbols anywhere on an active win line. During €20.00 high roller, €30.00 high roller and €50.00 high roller games and can form part of up to 2 wins of different symbols on a single win line. Wilds substitute for . is available on all reels. is not available during free spins. substitute for . is only available on reel 3. is only available during the free spins feature. Gamble Press a gamble wheel to gamble your winnings. If the arrow stops in the green segment of the gamble wheel you have selected, the gamble has been successful and the award displayed below the gamble wheel will be awarded and play can continue. If the arrow stops in the red segment of the gamble wheel you have selected, the gamble has been un-successful and any winnings being gambled will be forfeited. Press the collect button to exit the gamble with your winnings and any saved winnings. Any winnings which would result in a subsequent successful gamble exceeding the maximum win are automatically saved into saved winnings. Wins may be gambled multiple times up to the maximum win amount. All wins are rounded up to the nearest denomination. Not all gamble options may be available. Auto Play Select your number of spins and a loss limit to enable the start autoplay button. You can select the generated loss limit or enter a custom value. Autoplay will stop if the number of spins is completed or the loss limit is reached. Your loss limit is reached when your net losses are equal to the value selected or a further spin would increase net losses higher than set loss limit. Additionally you may enter a win limit that stops autoplay when a single game win is equal to or exceeds the value. Autoplay will stop if the jackpot of €250,000.00 is reached. Information Expected payback to the player is at least 95%. Malfunction voids game. No prize greater than €250,000.00 can be won in any one game. The outcome of any game or feature is not necessarily that shown by the odds displayed. All awards shown in the paytable are per winning line Not all stakes may be available The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/18/2020