Jungle Treasure About • Jungle Treasure is a standard 80 spot Keno game with a 20 number draw. • Choose 3 - 10 numbers by pressing the numbered positions on the number card on screen • Then press start to begin the draw. 20 numbers are then drawn at random • Wins are paid for correctly predicting which numbers will be drawn. • The pay table is determined by how many numbers are selected for the current draw. • Pressing the 'quick pick' button selects a random set of numbers based on the amount of picks made in the previous spin. The meter on the 'quick picks' button displays how many random picks will be selected Activating the Jungle Treasure Bonus • The first 3 numbers selected on the number card are the bonus numbers and are marked with • If all 3 bonus numbers are drawn in a single draw the Jungle Treasure Bonus is awarded Jungle Treasure Bonus • The Jungle Treasure Bonus is a free draws bonus with a multiplier bonus. • The player is first presented with 9 vaults. • The player selects 3 of the available vaults to reveal a multiplier ranging from 2x to 10x. • The selected multipliers are then arranged from lowest to highest, the lowest multiplier then becomes the first active multiplier. • The numbers selected in the game which triggered the bonus are used throughout the Jungle Treasure Bonus draws. • One number is selected at random and marked with at the beginning of each draw. • If the number marked with is drawn then the currently active multiplier is eliminated after any wins for the current draw have been collected. • The next multiplier then becomes active and Jungle Treasure draws continue. • This continues until all multipliers are eliminated or the jackpot is reached • are not available in the Jungle Treasure Bonus. • During the Jungle Treasure Bonus, any paytable wins are multiplied by the currently active multiplier before being awarded. Autoplay • Select your number of spins and a loss limit to enable the start autoplay button. • You can select the generated loss limit or enter a custom value. • Autoplay will stop if the number of spins is completed or the loss limit is reached. • Your loss limit is reached when your net losses are equal to the value selected or a further spin would increase net losses higher than set loss limit. • Additionally you may enter a win limit that stops autoplay when a single game win is equal to or exceeds the value. • Enabling the stop on jackpot option will stop autoplay if the jackpot of £250,000 is reached. Information • Expected payback is at least 94%. • Malfunction voids game. • No prize greater than £250,000 can be won in any one game. • The outcome of any game or bonus is not necessarily that shown by the odds displayed. Last modification date: 7/1/2020