Legend of Pompeii How To Play • The Legend of Pompeii is played over 5 reels. Free Spins Feature • The Free Spins feature is awarded when 3 x lands in view on reels 1, 2 and 3. • Select one of the 3 "PICK ME" positions to be awarded 10, 12 or 15 free spins. • As the reels spin, a fireball passes in front of one of the reels. All symbols in view on that reel are turned wild and a segment around the reel is ignited. Any winning combinations are then processed. • The wild symbols are available for that spin cycle only and are removed at the start of the next Free Spin. • When all four segments around a reel have been ignited, the reel becomes wild for the remainder of the feature and cannot receive further fireballs. • are not available during the Free Spins feature. Quake Feature • The Quake feature is awarded when 3 x lands in view on reels 2, 3 and 4. • Select one of the 3 "PICK ME" positions to be awarded a 2x, 3x or 4x win multiplier. • The reels then respin and the feature commences. • Any 3 or more matching symbols on the reels, vertically or horizontally pay their respective award value multiplied by the win multiplier. • Any winning symbols are then removed and replaced by symbols dropping in from above. • Adjacent symbols can swap to form winning combinations when there would otherwise be none. • The feature ends when there are no winning combinations in view and a swap does not create one. • are not available during the Quake feature. Pompeii Feature • The Pompeii feature is awarded when 3 lands in view on reels 3, 4 and 5. • The lava flows down the main street as fireballs containing cash values rain down from the volcano. • All of the cash values revealed are adding to the running total. • If a column falls in the street, the flow of lava is halted for a period of time as the fireballs continue to rain down. • The feature is terminated when the flow of lava reaches the end of the street. Gamble • Find "Win" to win. • Press Take Win to exit gamble with your winnings and any saved winnings. • Press the less and more buttons to change odds, when available. • Any winnings which would result in a subsequent successful gamble exceeding the maximum win are automatically saved into saved winnings. • Wins may be gambled multiple times up to the maximum win amount. • All wins are rounded up to the nearest denomination. Wilds • substitutes for . • does not substitute for . • At £1 stake and below, only appear on reels 2, 3 and 4. • At £2 stake and above, appears on all reels. • is available on all reels during the Free Spins and Quake features. Win Lines • 10 independent win lines. • Scatter wins are added to line wins. • All scatter wins pay at any position in view. • At £1 stake and below, only the highest win is paid per active win line. • At £1 stake and below, all awards pay left to right only. • At £2 stake and above, all awards pay for combinations of 3 or more matching adjacent symbols anywhere on active win lines only. • At £2 stake and above, can form part of 2 wins of different symbols on a win line. • Where possible, 4 or less combine with other symbols on a win line to create winning combinations. • Any which cannot combine with other symbols on a win line to create a win substitutes for . Autoplay • Select your number of spins and a loss limit to enable the start autoplay button. • You can select the generated loss limit or enter a custom value. • Autoplay will stop if the number of spins is completed or the loss limit is reached. • Your loss limit is reached when your net losses are equal to the value selected or a further spin would increase net losses higher than set loss limit. • Additionally you may enter a win limit that stops autoplay when a single game win is equal to or exceeds the value. • Enabling the stop on jackpot option will stop autoplay if the jackpot of (500 x Maximum stake) is reached. Information • Expected payback is at least 94%. • Malfunction voids game. • No prize greater than (500 x Maximum stake) can be won in any one game. • The outcome of any game or feature is not necessarily that shown by the odds displayed. • Not all stakes may be available. • All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of CR Ltd and/or its licensees in the U.S. and/or other countries. (c) 2016 CR Ltd. All rights reserved. Last modification date: 7/1/2020