Voyage Of Adventure How To Play Voyage of Adventure is played over 5 reels. If you are playing on a mobile device press the spin button to begin a spin. Once a spin cycle has started. press anywhere on screen to turbo the spin. If you are playing on a desktop press the spin button to begin a spin. Once a spin cycle has started press the on screen turbo button to turbo the spin. During high roller the turbo function is not available. Expanding Wild is only available on reel 3. When a lands in view and a win or potential win combination is present. the wild symbol expands replacing all 3 symbols on that reel with a wild Scatter Drop On a random chance. a spin will cause the Scatter Drop feature to trigger. A random number of scatter symbols will begin to drop themselves onto the reels at random positions. If 6 or more land in view as a result of the Scatter drop then the player will be awarded a cash bonus On Linear stakes the scatter drop cash bonus is (500 x Stake) On High Roller stakes the scatter drop cash bonus is €1,000 Freespins 10 Freespins are awarded when 3 symbols land in view on the reels 15 Freespins are awarded when 4 symbols land in view on the reels 20 Freespins are awarded when 5 symbols land in view on the reels During the Freespins feature the Pirate Treasure Bonus is active Pirate Treasure Bonus is only available on Freespins feature. When 1 or more symbols lands in view along with one or more Treasure bonus is triggered. The attached prize value shown on each symbol in view is awarded into each pot At the end of the spin all pots are counted and awarded to the player. Paylines 10 Independent Win Lines All awards (Except ) pay from left to right on active win lines only pay at any position on the reels in addition to line wins. 4 or less and/or and/or must combine with another, non wild, symbol on a win line to create a winning combination. Only the highest win is paid per active win line Wilds , and substitute for: is only available in the Freespins feature. is not available in the Freespins feature. is only available on reel 3. and do not substitute for: or Gamble Press a wheel to gamble your winnings. If the spinner stops in the green segment of the wheel you have selected, the gamble has been successful and the award displayed above the wheel will be awarded and play can continue. If the spinner stops in the red segment of the wheel you have selected, the gamble has been un-successful and any winnings being gambled will be forfeited. Press take win to exit the gamble with your winnings and any saved winnings. Any winnings which would result in a subsequent successful gamble exceeding the maximum win are automatically saved into saved winnings. Wins may be gambled multiple times up to the maximum win amount. All wins are rounded up to the nearest denomination. Not all gamble options may be available. Auto Play Select your number of spins and a loss limit to enable the start auto play button. You can select the generated loss limit or enter a custom value. Autoplay will stop if the number of spins is completed or the loss limit is reached. Your loss limit is reached when your net losses are equal to the value selected or a further spin would increase net losses higher than set loss limit. Additionally you may enter a win limit that stops auto play when a single game win is equal to or exceeds the value. Enabling the stop on jackpot option will stop auto play if the jackpot of €250,000 is reached. Information Expected pay back to the player is 95%. Malfunction voids game. No prize greater in value than €250,000 can be won in any one game. The outcome of any game or feature is not necessarily that shown by the odds displayed. Not all stakes may be available Last modification date: 7/2/2020