Bound to be Lucky Base Game Rules All awards pay left to right only. All awards pay on active win lines only. Highest win paid per active win line. appears on all reels. Lucky Emeralds Touch the Mini Reels or press Start to start the Lucky Emeralds game. There are 4 possible results after the Mini Reels spin. in view Awards 0 Awards a spin. 1 Awards a spin with the book opening on or 2 Awards a spin with the book opening on or 3 Awards a spin with the book opening on or When the book opens with either or the symbol becomes the active expanding symbol for the next spin After the spin any reel wins are processed. If the number of expanding symbols across different reels is equal to or greater than the number of symbols required for a win the symbols will expand filling the reel. Wins will then be awarded on each active Win line, expanded symbols will pay anywhere on the Win line. Any will remain and increase the win values of any Win lines they appear on. can not expand. Free Spins in view Awards 3 10 Free Spins. 4 15 Free Spins 5 20 Free Spins It is possible to re-trigger Free Spins from within Free Spins. The book selects one symbol from or . The symbol shown becomes the active expanding symbol for the duration of Free Spins. After each free spin any reel wins are processed. If the number of expanding symbols across different reels is equal to or greater than the number of symbols required for a win the symbols will expand filling the reel. Wins will then be awarded on each active Win line, expanded symbols will pay anywhere on the Win line. Any will remain and increase the win values of any Win lines they appear on. can not expand. Wonder Wilds On a random basis at the end of any losing spin, the book opens to reveal that the Wonder Wilds bonus is active. One or more symbols in view are replaced with . All winning combinations are then processed. Enchanted Mystery On a random basis at the end of any losing spin, the book opens to reveal that the Enchanted Mystery bonus is active. All symbols in view will begin to spin. After a period of time the spinning will stop revealing new symbols. All winning combinations are then processed. All The Same On a random basis at the end of any losing spin, the book opens to reveal that the All The Same bonus is active. The symbol shown on the book replaces all of the symbols in view. All winning combinations are then processed. WIN LINES 10 Independent win lines. Wilds When a lands in view and a potential win combination is present the symbol turns into . substitute for . can form part of multiple wins. 4 or less or symbols must combine with another symbol to create winning combinations. is available on all reels. is only available during the Wonder Wilds bonus. Gamble Up to five gamble options are available to the player. The game will start when the player chooses a column. The marker will begin to move eventually landing in either the black or green/gold section. If the marker lands in the green/gold section the player wins and the winnings will be increased to the value below the column. If the marker lands in the black section the player loses and the game will exit with any part-saved winnings. Any winnings which would result in a subsequent successful gamble exceeding the maximum win are automatically saved into saved winnings. It is possible to win up to a maximum of 50 free spins from a winning gamble. The player can press the collect button to exit with the current winning A maximum of 10 gambles per gamble entry will be awarded. All wins are rounded up to the nearest denomination. Auto Play Select your number of spins and a loss limit to enable the start autoplay button. You can select the generated loss limit or select a custom value. Autoplay will stop if the number of spins is completed or the loss limit is reached. Your loss limit is reached when your net losses are equal to the value selected or a further spin would increase net losses higher than set loss limit. Additionally you may select a win limit that stops autoplay when a single game win is equal to or exceeds the value. Autoplay will stop if the jackpot of €250,000 is reached. Information Not all stakes may be available. The RTP for this game is 95%. All awards shown in the paytable are per winning line. Malfunction voids game. No prize greater than €250,000 can be won in any one game. The outcome of any game or feature is not necessarily that shown by the odds displayed. All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of CR Ltd and/or its licensees in the U.S. and/or other countries. 2019 CR Ltd. All rights reserved. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 or 10,000xBet - whichever is reached first (or currency equivalent. Other Operator limits may apply). Last modification date: 11/1/2019