Full House Wilds Big Banker Base Game Rules All awards pay left to right only. All awards pay on active win lines only. Highest win paid per active win line. This game has persistency: all your progress will be saved and you can continue from where you left off last time. Orbs On random spins, blue orbs will spawn on the reels and then travel into the bingo container, causing the bingo balls to bounce faster and faster. The number of orbs collected or the bingo balls bouncing speed may not indicate a better chance of unlocking bingo entries. Whenever a bingo ball drops from the container, the bingo balls bouncing speed will reset. Bingo Cards There are 3 Bingo Cards in view, located over the Reels 2, 3 and 4. Each one of those cards will initially have 6 unlockable entries. After collecting the orbs, occasionally one or more bingo balls will drop from the dispenser. Collecting a ball will cause the entry with that same number to be unlocked in the bingo card. Unlocking all 6 entries in any bingo cards will cause a dapple to happen on that card. The dapple will be between a step towards a big banker feature or 5 wild spins for that reel. If you complete a card with Full Wild spins still left on its reel and get awarded Wild Spins for that card, 5 extra Full Wild spins will be added to the current ones left for that reel. If you complete a card with Full Wild spins still left on its reel and get awarded a Big Banker Feature for that card, you will be taken into the feature. Upon returning from the feature your Full Wild Spins will still be present for that reel. If you complete more than one Big Banker trail in the same spin, you will get that same amount of Big Banker features consecutively. Upon completing a bingo card, a brand new one will spawn during the next spin. The bingo card unlockable entries should be different per bet, and will remain the same until that card is completed and a new one is generated. Full Wild spins Completing bingo cards will reward the player with either a Big Banker trail symbol or 5 Full Wild spins for the corresponding reel. Full Wild Spins can be re-triggered from within the Full Wild Spins feature. By completing 1 to 3 bingo cards, the corresponding Full Wild Spins or Big Banker trail symbols will be awarded for that particular bet only. That particular set of Full House Wilds will not be present in different stakes. Full House Wilds can be triggered in multiple stakes separately, but those features will be independent from each other and will only exist in the stake they were originally unlocked in. substitute for . Whenever the Full Wild spins are activated on a reel, all the symbols on that Reel will be replaced with Wild symbols. can form part of multiple wins. is only available on Reels 2, 3 and/or 4 during Full Wild Spins Big Banker Trail The trail is shown on top of each card. Every time a card is completed you will have a chance of unlocking a token for that trail. The trail is completed when all sections of the trail are illuminated. Once the trail is completed the Big Banker feature is activated. Big Banker features can be triggered in multiple stakes separately, but those features will be independent from each other and will only exist in the stake they were originally unlocked in. Big Banker Feature The player is awarded 3 options to bank and 10 seconds to use them. The feature starts when the player touches the "press to start" button. The feature will then dapple randomly on all of the values displayed. The dapple will last between 1.02 and 2.03 seconds and take on average 1.52 seconds to complete. When the dapple stops, the clock stops counting down. The highlighted selection is then presented to the player. If a cash value is presented, the player must choose to "reject" it or add it to the feature total by pressing "bank". If the player presses "bank", the number of banks is reduced by one and the cash value is added to the feature bank. If the dapple stops on "extra time", a random amount between 3 and 10 seconds is added to the clock. If the dapple stops on "extra bank", the player is awarded 1 additional option to bank within the time limit. If the player has "bank" options remaining when the clock reaches zero and a cash value has been selected, the feature automatically adds the amount to the feature bank and any remaining banks are forfeited. When the player rejects or banks a cash value it is removed from all subsequent dapples. The feature ends when either the clock reaches zero or the number of remaining banks is zero. Any amount accumulated in the feature bank is then awarded to the player. If no cash values are left for selection, all remaining extra bank and extra time selections are replaced with cash values. It is not always possible to use extra banks awarded, before the timer expires. Extra banks will not be awarded if there are 2 seconds or less on the timer. Win Lines 10 Independent win lines. Wins are paid from left to right. Auto Play Select your number of spins and a loss limit to enable the start autoplay button. You can select a custom loss limit value. Autoplay will stop if the number of spins is completed or the loss limit is reached. Your loss limit is reached when your net losses are equal to the value selected or a further spin would increase net losses higher than set loss limit. Additionally you may enter a win limit that stops autoplay when a single game win is equal to or exceeds the value. Information Not all stakes may be available. Best Strategy is to collect any offer in the Big Banker Feature when the value is equal to or above the current stake x 7.5. Expected payback to the player is playing the best strategy is at least 96% Expected payback to the player is playing a random strategy is at least 84% No prize greater than 2170 x max stake can be won in any one game. Malfunction voids game. The outcome of any game or feature is not necessarily that shown by the odds displayed. All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of CR Ltd and/or its licensees in the U.S. and/or other countries. 2020 CR Ltd. All rights reserved. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 9/16/2020