Legends of Racing Jumps Free Spins Feature During Free Spins play the Race of Legends. 5 in view awards 20 Free Spins. 4 in view awards 15 Free Spins. 3 in view awards 10 Free Spins. Before Free Spins commence, the player chooses one of the 5 legends. The player makes their selection, then presses start to begin the Free Spins. After every Free Spin, each legend in view is multiplied by the current stake (£2 in High Roller games) and added to the corresponding legend's bonus pot. At the end of Free Spins, the legend with the highest bonus pot is declared the winner. It is possible to have multiple winners. The winning legends bonus pots are added to the total of any win line wins that have been accumulated and the final amount awarded to the player. If any of the winning legends match the chosen legend, the bonus pot for that legend is doubled and awarded to the player. If 1 or 2 scatter symbols land in view they add to the 'Stick or Swap' trail. When trail is full 'Stick or Swap' is awarded. 'Stick or Swap' gives the player the opportunity to either 'Stick' with the existing selected legend or 'Swap' to another legend. When the 'Stick or Swap' bonus is completed, the trail is cleared and can be filled again during any remaining Free Spins. It is possible to complete the trail on the last Free Spin. If 3 or more scatters land in view on any single Free Spin the stated number of Free Spins are added to any remaining Free Spins. Free Spins reels only contain legend symbols and scatter symbols. Each Free Spins reel contains an equal number of legend symbols. If 'Stick or Swap' is achieved on the last Free Spin and the player's currently selected legend is not the winnings legend then the player's selection is automatically swapped to a winning legend. Win Lines 10 independent win lines (except £50} High Roller). £50 High Roller has 20 independent win lines. All awards (except ) pay left to right only. All awards (except ) pay on active win lines only. pay at any position on screen. wins are added to line wins. appears on all reels. 3 or more in view starts the Free Spins Feature. 3 in view awards the Scoop Pot Wheel. appear on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. Wilds substitutes for does not substitute for Legends Respin 2 in view awards the Legends Respin. All reels not showing are spun again and any resulting reel or scatter wins processed. Legends Respin only available in £30 and £50 High Roller. Not available in Free Spins. Scoop Pot Wheel Spin the wheel and collect the prize! The wheel spins and the prize which lands directly under the 'WIN' position is awarded, the feature then ends. Gamble Find Red Rum to win. Press Take Win to exit gamble with your winnings and any saved winnings. Press the less and more buttons to change odds, when available. Any winnings which would result in a subsequent successful gamble exceeding the maximum win are automatically saved into saved winnings. Wins may be gambled multiple times up to the maximum win amount. All wins are rounded up to the nearest denomination. Autoplay Select your number of spins and a loss limit to enable the start autoplay button. You can select the generated loss limit or enter a custom value. Autoplay will stop if the number of spins is completed or the loss limit is reached. Your loss limit is reached when your net losses are equal to the value selected or a further spin would increase net losses higher than set loss limit. Additionally you may enter a win limit that stops autoplay when a single game win is equal to or exceeds the value. Enabling the stop on jackpot option will stop autoplay if the jackpot of (500 x Max Stake) is reached. Information Expected payback based on best strategy is at least 94%. Best strategy is based on always selecting the leading horse in the 'Stick or Swap' feature. Malfunction voids game. No prize greater than (500 x Max Stake) can be won in any one game. The outcome of any game or feature is not necessarily that shown by the odds displayed. Last modification date: 7/1/2020