Prism Eye Free Spins 3 or more in view awards the Free Spins Feature During the Free Spins feature the Prism Eye Bonus is active. Reels are enhanced by removing x3 x4 x5 Number of Spins 10 15 20 Prism Eye Bonus On a chance basis, during the Free Spins, the Prism Eye will hold winning symbols along with all matching symbols on all reels. When a symbol has been held it becomes sticky and stays in its current position whilst the remaining, un-selected, symbols spin as usual. If there are multiple winning symbols then the player must select which symbols they wish the Prism Eye to hold. Mummified Reel On a chance basis, at the end of any losing spin, a reel will be wrapped in bandages and mummified. The bandages will then disintegrate removing the symbols behind. New symbols will then drop down; resulting in a winning combination. Rameses Respin On a chance basis, at the end of any losing spin, all of the reels will re-spin. When the re-spin stops the symbols in view will result in a winning combination. Rising Reels On a chance basis, at the end of any losing spin, all the reels will sink down into the desert sands. The reels then rise again; resulting in a winning combination. Wilds 4 or less must combine with another symbol in order to create a win. A win line containing 5 awards a win as per the paytable. is a wild and substitutes for: can form part of multiple wins. Win Lines In the Prism Eye there are 10 independent win lines. All awards pay left to right on active pay lines only. Only the highest win paid per active win line. Gamble Press the Take Win button to exit gamble with your winnings and any saved winnings. Wins may be gambled multiple times up to the maximum win amount. Any winnings which would result in a subsequent successful gamble exceeding the maximum win are automatically saved into saved winnings. Each wheel contains green and red segments, when a wheel is selected the pointer on that wheel will spin and then stop. If the pointer lands in the green segment on the selected wheel, the player wins the gamble. If the pointer lands on the red segment on the selected wheel, the gamble is lost. All wins are rounded up to the nearest denomination. Auto Play Select your number of spins and a loss limit to enable the start autoplay button. You can select a custom loss limit value. Autoplay will stop if the number of spins is completed or the loss limit is reached. Your loss limit is reached when your net losses are equal to the value selected or a further spin would increase net losses higher than set loss limit. Additionally you may enter a win limit that stops autoplay when a single game win is equal to or exceeds the value. Autoplay will stop if the jackpot of €250,000 is reached. Information Not all stakes may be available. The return to the player based on best strategy is 95%. The return to the player based on a random strategy is 94%. The best strategy is to select the highest paying symbol when the Prism Eye is active during Freespins Malfunction voids game. No prize greater than €250,000 can be won in any one game. The outcome of any game or feature is not necessarily that shown by the odds displayed. Last modification date: 7/1/2020