Win Streak Wilds Win Streak Wilds Achieving a win that includes a awards the Win Streak Wilds Feature. When active the Bandit Machine will appear and begin to spin. The player will receive a line win if 3 are in a payline. Each line win achieved during the feature will award the initial cash value awarded to the player before moving into the feature. The reels will spin and any wins will be awarded. If any wins have been awarded the reels will spin again. This will continue until a win is not achieved or the player hits €250,000 . and are only available during the "Win Streak Wilds" feature. , , , , , , and are only available during the base game. Respin On a chance basis, at the end of any losing spin, all of the reels will respin. When the respin stops the symbols in view will result in a winning combination. Wilds is a wild and substitutes for: . can form part of multiple wins. can only appear on reel 3. Win Lines In Win Streak Wilds there are 5 independent win lines. During the "Win Streak Wilds" feature there are 5 independent win lines. All awards pay left to right on active pay lines only. Only the highest win paid per active win line. Gamble Find to win. Press Take Win to exit gamble with your winnings and any saved winnings. Press the less and more buttons to change odds, when available. Any winnings which would result in a subsequent successful gamble exceeding the maximum win are automatically saved into saved winnings. Wins may be gambled multiple times up to the maximum win amount. All wins are rounded up to the nearest denomination. Auto Play Select your number of spins and a loss limit to enable the start autoplay button. You can select a custom loss limit value. Autoplay will stop if the number of spins is completed or the loss limit is reached. Your loss limit is reached when your net losses are equal to the value selected or a further spin would increase net losses higher than set loss limit. Additionally you may enter a win limit that stops autoplay when a single game win is equal to or exceeds the value. Autoplay will stop if the jackpot of €250,000 is reached. Information Not all stakes may be available. The return to the player for this game is 95%. Malfunction voids game. No prize greater than €250,000 can be won in any one game. The outcome of any game or feature is not necessarily that shown by the odds displayed. All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of CR Ltd and/or its licensees in the U.S. and/or other countries. 2019 CR Ltd. All rights reserved. Last modification date: 6/18/2020