Cashtros Voyage Cashtro's Voyage Feature • 3 identical symbols in view starts feature. Press any of the 3 available options to be awarded 1 of the 3 voyages of the associated colour. • 4 identical symbols in view starts feature. Press either of the 2 available options to be awarded 1 of the 2 highest voyages of the associated colour. • 5 identical silver or bronze symbols in view starts feature. The highest available voyage of the associated colour is automatically awarded. • If 5 identical gold voyage symbols land in view or the player chooses the treasure wheel from the available gold options, the player is awarded the Voyage to the Treasure Wheel. • The ship starts at the beginning of the voyage with no ship symbols in view on the reels. • The reels are spun and any ship symbols that land in view move the ship along the trail by one position. The player can choose to collect the values shown on the island that the ship has moved to or decide to sail on. Collecting the value ends the feature. If the player decides not to collect, any reels not displaying a ship symbol in view are spun. If the number of ships in view has not increased after the spin, the feature is terminated and the player is awarded the safe port pot if it has been activated. • Safe port consolation prize: When the ship on the trail passes or stops at a safe port island, the value on that island becomes the safe port consolation prize. The safe port consolation prize is cleared when the ship on the trail has reached the final island on the current trail. • If the number of ships in view has not increased after the spin and the first safe port has been reached, the safe port consolation prize is awarded and the feature ends. • If the number of ships in view has not increased after spin and the first safe port has not been reached, nothing is awarded and the feature ends. • Voyage to Treasure Wheel: When the player completes any voyage leading to a cash award, the player is given the to continue on a 2nd voyage leading to the Treasure Wheel. The player may choose to press collect to collect the current award or press continue to forfeit the current win and play the Voyage to the Treasure Wheel. If the player reaches the final island in the Voyage to the Treasure Wheel then the Treasure Wheel is awarded. A wheel is presented with cash values spinning around it. The player presses the screen to stop the wheel. When the wheel stops, the award which lands in the win position is awarded and the feature ends. • If any winnings accumulated in the current game plus the value of the current island when the ship has finished sailing exceed the maximum prize, the voyage ends and the maximum prize is awarded. Free Spins • 3 or more starts the Free Spins feature. • Pick from the available treasure chests. All Free Spins are added to the spins remaining meter. • 5 x in view starts the Free Spins feature with 3 pick me selections. • 4 x in view starts the Free Spins feature with 2 pick me selections. • 3 x in view starts the Free Spins feature with 1 pick me selection. • During Free Spins any wild symbols which land in view turn that reel wild for the remaining Free Spins. • When the Free Spins sequence is complete, the total win is awarded to the player. • Any wilds that are on the reels when the Free Spins are triggered are carried over to the Free Spins feature. • symbols not available during the Free Spins feature. Cashtro's Spins Bonus • After any spin, on a chance basis, when 5 or more matching symbols are in view, the Cashtro's Spins Bonus may be awarded. • The initial matching symbols and any wild symbols are locked in and the reels re-spin up to 5 times. • During the Cashtro's Spins Bonus every re-spin will result in at least one additional matching symbol landing in view. These additional matching symbols are then locked for any subsequent re-spins. • When the Cashtro's Spins are complete, the bonus ends and any wins are awarded to the player. • During the Cashtro's Spins Bonus, if after any re-spin a combination of 15 matching symbols and wilds are in view, the 15x prize for that symbol is awarded and the bonus ends. • All wild symbols which land in view will also lock in during the Cashtro's Spins Bonus. • If 2 or more symbols of an equal number are in view the lowest value symbol will be selected to be locked. Gamble • Find a chest filled with gold to win. • Press Take Win to exit gamble with your winnings and any saved winnings. • Press the less and more buttons to change odds, when available. • Any winnings which would result in a subsequent successful gamble exceeding the maximum win are automatically saved into saved winnings. • Wins may be gambled multiple times up to the maximum win amount. • All wins are rounded up to the nearest denomination. Win Lines • 8 independent win lines. • Random win line multipliers can be added to win lines 4, 5, 6, 7, and 8 every spin. • All awards pay anywhere in view on an active win line. • All wins are added to line wins. • Highest line win paid on active win lines. • Any combination of 15 identical symbols and symbols in view pays the associated 15x award only. Wilds • Wild symbol substitutes for . • When any symbols are in view, any symbols on payline 1 substitute for . • When any symbols are in view, any symbols on payline 2 substitute for . • When any symbols are in view, any symbols on payline 1 substitute for . • When any symbols are in view, any symbols on payline 3 substitute for . • Wilds are not available on payline 4. Autoplay • Select your number of spins and a loss limit to enable the start autoplay button. • You can select the generated loss limit or enter a custom value. • Autoplay will stop if the number of spins is completed or the loss limit is reached. • Your loss limit is reached when your net losses are equal to the value selected or a further spin would increase net losses higher than set loss limit. • Additionally you may enter a win limit that stops autoplay when a single game win is equal to or exceeds the value. • Enabling the stop on jackpot option will stop autoplay if the jackpot of £250,000 is reached. Information • Expected payback based on a good strategy is: 94%. • Expected payback based on a random strategy is: 80%. • A good strategy is to always continue to the end of any voyage. • Malfunction voids game. • No prize greater than £250000 can be won in any one game. • The outcome of any game or feature is not necessarily that shown by the odds displayed. Last modification date: 7/1/2020