Super Gold 7s Deluxe Super Spins 3 or more anywhere in view awards the Super Spins feature. 3 x awards 10 Super Spins. 4 x awards 15 Super Spins. 5 x awards 20 Super Spins. If 3 or more land in view on any Super Spin, the Super Bonus is awarded. If 3 or more land in view on the final Super Spin, the corresponding Bonus Spins are automatically awarded. Super Bonus Choose Bonus Super Spins or Increased Awards every time the Super Bonus is triggered. Bonus Super Spins 3 in view Awards 10 Super Spins 4 in view Awards 15 Super Spins 5 in view Awards 20 Super Spins Increased Awards - Awards given for winning combinations during the remaining Super Spins are increased. After Super Spins are completed, the paytable reverts back to the awards present before the feature was triggered. The Super bonus feature can be triggered multiple times during any Super Spins feature. Increased Awards do not apply to any wins that are awarded before the Super Bonus is triggered. Gamble Up to five gamble options are available to the player. The game will start when the player chooses a column. The green areas represent the chance of winning. A successful gamble will increase the win to the value displayed beneath the chosen column. An unsuccessful gamble will exit with any part-saved winnings. Any winnings which would result in a subsequent successful gamble exceeding the maximum win are automatically saved into saved winnings. The player can press the Take Win button to exit with the current winnings. A maximum of 10 gambles per gamble entry will be awarded. All wins are rounded up to the nearest denomination. Win Lines In Super Gold 7s Deluxe there are 5 independent win lines. All awards pay from left to right on active win lines only. symbols appear on all reels. Super Spins wins are added to line wins. and combine to create winning combinations. Auto Play Select your number of spins and a loss limit to enable the start autoplay button. You can select a custom loss limit value. Autoplay will stop if the number of spins is completed or the loss limit is reached. Your loss limit is reached when your net losses are equal to the value selected or a further spin would increase net losses higher than set loss limit. Additionally you may select a win limit that stops autoplay when a single game win is equal to or exceeds the value. Autoplay will stop if the jackpot of €250,000 is reached. Information Not all stakes may be available. Playing with the best strategy will pay at least 94%. Playing with a random strategy will pay at least 92%. The best strategy is to select Bonus Super Spins from the Super Bonus feature when you have 5 or less spins remaining and to select Increased Awards when you have 6 or more spins remaining in the feature. A random strategy is to always select Bonus Super Spins from the Super Bonus feature regardless of the number of spins you have remaining. Malfunction voids game. No prize greater than €250,000 can be won in any one game. The outcome of any game or feature is not necessarily that shown by the odds displayed. All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of CR Ltd and/or its licensees in the U.S. and/or other countries. 2019 CR Ltd. All rights reserved. Last modification date: 7/2/2020