Stacked to the Max Base Game Rules All awards pay from left to right on active win lines only.Only the highest win is paid per active win lines only.3 in view starts the Free Spins feature is only available on reels 1, 3 and 5. Diamond Game Press Start to start the Diamond game.3 in view starts the Free Spins feature.Full Stack Win awards player stake x 125. Free Spins Feature 3 anywhere in view awards 10 free spins. is not available during the free spins feature.After each spin any that lands in view are added to the stack. If the stack fills to the top, the full stack win value is paid and the stack is emptied. Any remaining on the reels are then added.If a reel win occurs and the stack is not empty then the player is offered a dapple on the multiplier values. The value the player stops on is used to multiply the reel win. One is then removed from the stack.Once Free Spins are completed, if there are any remaining in the stack, a cash bonus round is awarded. The player is offered a dapple on cash values. After stopping on a cash value, the player is offered one dapple on the multiplier values for each remaining on the stack. After each dapple the is removed and the multiplier is accumulated. When no remain, the cash value is multiplied and awarded.Any resulting wins are then awarded to the the player.Super Reels are used during Free Spins, which removes and introduces a randomly attached to symbols. It is not possible to get a feature re-entry. are available on all reels. is only available on reels 1, 3 and 5.Full Stack Win awards player stake x 250. Wild Rush Bonus During the reel spin, one or more orbs may appear over the reels and fly to the Wild Rush logo. When this happens, and on a chance basis when the reels have stopped spinning, the wild rush logo will grow and spin over the reels. There will then be an explosion over all the reels changing some positions wild. Any resulting wins are then processed.The wild rush bonus is also available in free spins. Wild substitute for: is available on all reels during the Wild Rush bonus. Win Lines There are 20 independent win lines.All awards pay from left to right on active win lines only.Only the highest win is paid per active win line.4 or less wild symbols must combine with another symbol on a win line to create winning combinations. Gamble Up to five gamble options are available to the player.The game will start when the player chooses a column.The coloured area represent the chance of winning.The black area represents the chance of losing.A successful gamble will increase the win to the value displayed beneath the chosen column.The player can press the Take Win button to exit with the current winnings.A maximum of 10 gambles per gamble entry will be awarded.All wins are rounded up to the nearest denomination. Auto Play Select your number of spins and a loss limit to enable the start autoplay button.You can select a custom loss limit value.Autoplay will stop if the number of spins is completed or the loss limit is reached.Your loss limit is reached when your net losses are equal to the value selected or a further spin would increase net losses higher than set loss limit.Additionally you may enter a win limit that stops autoplay when a single game win is equal to or exceeds the value.Autoplay will stop if the jackpot of €250,000 is reached. Information Not all stakes may be available.Expected payback to the player is at least 95%.Malfunction voids game.No prize greater than €250,000 can be won in any one game.The outcome of any game or feature is not necessarily that shown by the odds displayed.All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of CR Ltd and/or its licensees in the U.S. and/or other countries. © 2020 CR Ltd. All rights reserved.Not all game modes may be available. The maximum win from a single game is €250,000. Last modification date: 11/24/2020