Jesters Frenzy Base Game Rules Highest win paid per active win line. Diamond Game There are 5 possible results after the Mini Reels spin. Awards 0 in view Awards a spin. 1 in view Awards a spin with 2 in view Awards a spin with + 3 in view Awards a spin with + + 4 in view Awards a spin with + + Free Spins - Jester's Frenzy 3 in view awards the Jester's Frenzy Free Spins. During the Jester's Frenzy Free Spins Feature will appear and disappear randomly above each reel. All are updated to . When a appears and has a on the corresponding reel the will open and award a random cash value. are not available during Jester's Frenzy Freespins. Expanding Wild When a lands in view on reel 3 and a win or potential win combination is present, the wild symbol expands replacing all 3 symbols on that reel with . Any resulting wins are then awarded to the player. Wilds substitute for: . can form part of multiple wins. is not available during the Jester's Frenzy Freespins. is only available on reels 1, 3 and 5 during the Diamond Game when 2 or more Diamonds are awarded. 4 or less , must combine with another symbol to create winning combinations. Win Lines There are 10 independent win lines. . All awards, except pay left to right on active win lines only. appear on reels 1, 3 and 5 unless replaced by the do not appear during the Jester's Frenzy Freespins Only the highest win paid per active win line. Each Way Pays is only active if 1, or more, have landed in view when playing Diamond Game stakes. When Each Way Pays is active, all awards pay according to the paytable for the highest combination of matching adjacent symbols anywhere on an active win line. Auto Play Select your number of spins and a loss limit to enable the start autoplay button. You can select a custom loss limit value. Autoplay will stop if the number of spins is completed or the loss limit is reached. Your loss limit is reached when your net losses are equal to the value selected or a further spin would increase net losses higher than set loss limit. Additionally you may enter a win limit that stops autoplay when a single game win is equal to or exceeds the value. Autoplay will stop if the jackpot of CA$250,000 is reached. Information Not all stakes may be available. Expected payback to the player is at least 95%. Malfunction voids game. No prize greater than CA$250,000 can be won in any one game. The outcome of any game or feature is not necessarily that shown by the odds displayed. All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of CR Ltd and/or its licensees in the U.S. and/or other countries. 2020 CR Ltd. All rights reserved.