Big Banker Deluxe Base Game Rules All awards (except ) pay left to right only. All awards (except ) pay on active win lines only. pay at any position on screen. wins are added to line wins. appears on reels 1, 3 and 5 only. appears on reel 1 and 3 only. The return to the player based on good strategy is: 94%. A good strategy is to collect any offer in the Big Banker feature when the value is equal to or above the stake multipliers below. The multiplier value to collect at depends on the number of Super Big Banker scatters that triggered the feature. Super Scatters Stake Multiplier 2 17.5x 1 12.5x 0 7.5x High Roller Rules All awards (except ) pay for combinations of 3 or more adjacent matching symbols anywhere on active pay lines only. appears on reel 1, 3 and 5 in €30.00 and €50.00 High Roller. The return to the player based on good strategy is: 94%. A good strategy is to collect any offer in the Big Banker feature when the value is equal to or above the amounts below. The value to collect at depends on the number of Super Big Banker scatters that triggered the feature. Super Scatters Amount 2 €35.00 1 €25.00 0 €15.00 Big Banker Feature 3x anywhere in view starts the Big Banker feature. The player is awarded 3 options to bank and 10 seconds to use them. The feature starts when the player touches the Start button. The feature will then dapple randomly on all of the values displayed. The dapple will last between 1.02 and 2.03 seconds and take on average 1.52 seconds to complete. When the dapple stops, the clock stops counting down. The highlighted selection is then presented to the player. If a cash value is presented, the player must choose to 'reject' it or add it to the feature total by pressing 'bank'. If the player presses 'bank', the number of banks is reduced by one and the cash value is added to the feature bank. If the dapple stops on 'extra time', a random amount between 3 and 10 seconds is added to the clock. If the dapple stops on 'extra bank', the player is awarded 1 additional option to bank within the time limit. If the player has 'bank' options remaining when the clock reaches zero and a cash value has been selected, the feature automatically adds the amount to the feature bank and any remaining banks are forfeited. When the player rejects or banks a cash value it is removed from all subsequent dapples. The feature ends when either the clock reaches zero or the number of remaining banks is zero. Any amount accumulated in the feature bank is then awarded to the player. If no cash values are left for selection, all remaining extra bank and extra time selections are replaced with cash values. It is not always possible to use extra banks awarded, before the timer expires. Extra banks will not be awarded if there are 2 seconds or less on the timer. Any number of symbols in view on the reels when the feature is triggered replaces some of the values available for selection with increased awards, extra banks or extra time. Gamble Spin the wheel, if a green segment lands on the win line, you win. Touch any gamble button to select odds. Touch TAKE WIN to collect win and end gamble. All wins rounded up to the nearest denomination. Win Lines 10 Independent win lines. Auto Play Select your number of spins and a loss limit to enable the start autoplay button. You can select the generated loss limit or enter a custom value. Autoplay will stop if the number of spins is completed or the loss limit is reached. Your loss limit is reached when your net losses are equal to the value selected or a further spin would increase net losses higher than set loss limit. Autoplay will stop if €250,000.00 is reached. Information Playing a bad strategy of collecting the first 3 offers in the Big Banker feature, regardless of value has an RTP of at least 81%. Not all stakes may be available. Malfunction voids game. No prize greater than €250,000.00 can be won in any one game. The outcome of any game or feature is not necessarily that shown by the odds displayed. Last modification date: 10/16/2018