Well Well Well Buckets O' Gold Base Game Rules Only the highest win paid per active win line. is available on all reels. Free Spins - Buckets o' Gold in view Awards 3 10 Free Spins. 4 15 Free Spins 5 20 Free Spins The Wonder Reels are used during Free Spins, which removes from the reels and introduces the . 3 or more in view awards the Buckets o' Gold Free Spins. On entering Buckets o' Gold Free Spins a will appear above each reel. When a lands on a reel, the will drop and then pull up and award a random cash value. is not available during Buckets o' Gold Free Spins. Wilds will become when forming part of a line win. substitute for: can form part of multiple wins. is not available during the Buckets o' Gold Free Spins. is available on all reels. 4 or less , must combine with another symbol to create winning combinations. 5 on a win line pays according to the pay table. Win Lines There are 10 independent win lines. . All awards pay left to right on active win lines only. available on all reels. do not appear during the Buckets o' Gold Free Spins. Only the highest win paid per active win line. Auto Play Select your number of spins and a loss limit to enable the start autoplay button. You can select a custom loss limit value. Autoplay will stop if the number of spins is completed or the loss limit is reached. Your loss limit is reached when your net losses are equal to the value selected or a further spin would increase net losses higher than set loss limit. Additionally you may enter a win limit that stops autoplay when a single game win is equal to or exceeds the value. Autoplay will stop if the jackpot of £250,000 is reached. Information Not all stakes may be available. Expected payback to the player is at least 95%. Malfunction voids game. No prize greater than £250,000 can be won in any one game. The outcome of any game or feature is not necessarily that shown by the odds displayed. All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of CR Ltd and/or its licensees in the U.S. and/or other countries. 2020 CR Ltd. All rights reserved. Not all game modes may be available. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/21/2020