Full House Wilds Base Game Rules All awards pay left to right only. All awards pay on active win lines only. Highest win paid per active win line. This game has persistency: all your progress will be saved and you can continue from where you left off last time. Orbs On random spins, blue orbs will spawn on the reels and then travel into the bingo container, causing it to rotate faster and faster. The number of orbs collected or the containers rotation speed may not indicate a better change of unlocking bingo entries. Whenever a bingo ball drops from the container, its rotation will reset. Bingo Cards There are 3 Bingo Cards in view, located over the Reels 2, 3 and 4. Each one of those cards will initially have 6 unlockable entries. After collecting the orbs, occasionally one or more bingo balls will drop from the dispenser. Collecting a ball will cause the entry with that same number to be unlocked in the bingo card. Unlocking all 6 entries in any bingo cards will award you with Full Wild spins on the reel below it for 5 spins. If you complete a card with Full Wild spins still left on its reel, 5 extra Full Wild spins will be added to the current ones left for that reel. Upon completing a bingo card, a brand new one will spawn during the next spin. Full Wild spins Completing bingo cards will reward the player with 5 Full Wild spins for that reel. substitute for . Whenever the Full Wild spins are activated on a reel, all the symbols in that Reel will be replaced with Wild symbols. can form part of multiple wins. is only available on Reels 2, 3 and/or 4 during Full Wild Spins Win Lines 10 Independent win lines. Wins are payed from left to right. Auto Play Select your number of spins and a loss limit to enable the start autoplay button. You can select a custom loss limit value. Autoplay will stop if the number of spins is completed or the loss limit is reached. Your loss limit is reached when your net losses are equal to the value selected or a further spin would increase net losses higher than set loss limit. Additionally you may enter a win limit that stops autoplay when a single game win is equal to or exceeds the value. Information Not all stakes may be available. No prize greater than 100 x max stake can be won in any one game. Expected payback is at least 96%. Malfunction voids game. The outcome of any game or feature is not necessarily that shown by the odds displayed. All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of CR Ltd and/or its licensees in the U.S. and/or other countries. 2020 CR Ltd. All rights reserved. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 7/10/2020