Dragons Rising Free Spins Feature • 3 or More symbols anywhere in view starts the free spins feature. • Prior to the start of the unlimited free spins, all dragon symbols in view are moved to the bottom position of their respective reel windows. • An 8 segment wheel with a rotating sword is then displayed. When the start button is pressed the sword stops in either a blank or 'dragon rising' segment. • The reels then spin. During the spin, all dragon symbols in view are held in place. • If the sword stopped in a 'dragons rising' segment all dragons in view expand one position. • When the reel spin completes any wins in view are processed. • The sequence continues until either the maximum permitted value has been won or the dragons in view have expanded to fill their respective reel windows. Expanding Wilds Feature • When a lands in view on the reels and a win or potential win combination is present, the wild symbol expands to a • During the expanding wilds bonus substitutes for for all symbols on that reel • Any resulting wins are then awarded to the player. Connecting Wilds Bonus • The Connecting Wild Bonus is awarded when symbol appears on more than one reel. • All symbols in view on the reels containing the and all symbols on the reels between the are changed to a giant wild knight symbol. Any resulting wins are then paid to the player. • During the Connecting wild bonus, all reel positions covered by a giant wild knight symbol substitute for Win Lines • 10 independent win lines • During highroller an additional 5 win lines are available • All awards pay left to right on active pay lines only. • Where possible, wilds always combine with other symbols on an active pay line to create winning combinations scatter wins are added to line wins. • scatter wins pay at any position in view • are available on reels 2 and 4 only. • During and High Roller games are available on reels 2, 4 and 5 only. • Only the highest win paid per active win line. Wilds • substitutes for • does not substitute for • is not available during the feature Gamble • Find "WIN" to win. • Press Take Win to exit gamble with your winnings and any saved winnings. • Press the less and more buttons to change odds, when available. • Any winnings which would result in a subsequent successful gamble exceeding the maximum win are automatically saved into saved winnings. • Wins may be gambled multiple times up to the maximum win amount. • All wins are rounded up to the nearest denomination. Autoplay • Select your number of spins and a loss limit to enable the start autoplay button. • You can select the generated loss limit or enter a custom value. • Autoplay will stop if the number of spins is completed or the loss limit is reached. • Your loss limit is reached when your net losses are equal to the value selected or a further spin would increase net losses higher than set loss limit. • Additionally you may enter a win limit that stops autoplay when a single game win is equal to or exceeds the value. • Enabling the stop on jackpot option will stop autoplay if the jackpot of £250,000 is reached. Information • Expected payback to the player is at least 94%. • Malfunction voids game. • No prize greater than £250,000 can be won in any one game. • The outcome of any game or feature is not necessarily that shown by the odds displayed. Last modification date: 7/1/2020