Scrum Down Free Spins 3 in view awards the 10 Free Spins is only available on reels 1, 3 and 5. During the Free Spins feature the Scrumdown Bonus is active. Reels are enhanced by removing , , , . Diamond Game Press Start to start the Diamond game. There are 4 possible results after the Mini Reels spin. Awards 0 in view Awards a spin. 1 in view Awards the Each Way Pays bonus 2 in view Awards the Each Way Pays bonus and adds extra scatters to reels: 1, 3 and 5 3 in view Awards the Each Way Pays bonus; adds extra scatters; allows scatters to expand to wilds and all symbols on reel 3 are wild Scrumdown Bonus On a chance basis, during the Free Spins, the Scrumdown will hold winning symbols along with all matching symbols on all reels. When a symbol has been held it becomes sticky and stays in its current position whilst the remaining, un-selected, symbols spin as usual. If there are multiple winning symbols then the player must select which symbols they wish to hold. When the Hold Wheel appears, the arrow spins until the player touches/presses the wheel. the arrow will the stop on one of the red or green segments. If the arrow stops on a green segment, the free spins are held and the current locked symbols stay locked in. If the arrow stops on the red segment, the symbols unlock and the free spins continue. Drop Kick Bonus On a chance basis, at the end of any losing spin, a single reel will animate. The animation will finish, removing the symbols behind. New symbols will then drop down; resulting in a winning combination. Rugby Respin Bonus On a chance basis, at the end of any losing spin, all of the reels will re-spin. When the re-spin stops the symbols in view will result in a winning combination. Drop Out Bonus On a chance basis, at the end of any losing spin, all the reels will drop out of the screen. The reels then rise again; resulting in a winning combination. Wilds is a wild and substitutes for: . can form part of multiple wins. is only available on reels 1, 3 and 5. is only available on reels 1, 3 and 5. Win Lines In Scrumdown there are 10 independent win lines. All awards pay left to right on active pay lines only. Only the highest win paid per active win line. Each Way Pays is only active if 1, or more, balls have landed in view when playing Diamond Games stakes. When Each Way Pays is active, all awards pay according to the pay table for the highest combination of matching adjacent symbols anywhere on an active pay line. Gamble Press the Take Win button to exit gamble with your winnings and any saved winnings. Wins may be gambled multiple times up to the maximum win amount. Any winnings which would result in a subsequent successful gamble exceeding the maximum win are automatically saved into saved winnings. Each wheel contains a green and red segment. Once a wheel is selected the pointer on that wheel will spin and then stop. If the pointer lands in the green segment on the selected wheel, the player wins the gamble. If the pointer lands on the red segment on the selected wheel, the gamble is lost. All wins are rounded up to the nearest denomination. Auto Play Select your number of spins and a loss limit to enable the start autoplay button. You can select a custom loss limit value. Autoplay will stop if the number of spins is completed or the loss limit is reached. Your loss limit is reached when your net losses are equal to the value selected or a further spin would increase net losses higher than set loss limit. Additionally you may enter a win limit that stops autoplay when a single game win is equal to or exceeds the value. Autoplay will stop if the jackpot of €250,000 is reached. Information Not all stakes may be available. The return to the player based on best strategy is 95%. The return to the player based on a random strategy, during the Linear game, is 92%. The return to the player based on a random strategy, during the Diamond Game, is 88%. The best strategy is to select the highest paying symbol when the scrumdown choice is presented during Free Spins. Malfunction voids game. No prize greater than €250,000 can be won in any one game. The outcome of any game or feature is not necessarily that shown by the odds displayed. All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of CR Ltd and/or its licensees in the U.S. and/or other countries. 2019 CR Ltd. All rights reserved. Last modification date: 9/18/2019