Rainbow Chameleons Free Spins 3 , or or in view awards the Free Spins Feature 3 , or or in view awards 10 free spins. During the Free Spins feature any reel win that combines with will start the Rainbow Chameleons feature. Rainbow Chameleons bonus Any Chameleon symbols in view which are part of the win when the bonus is triggered become active symbols for the bonus. After spinning, the spinner will land on a segment of the wheel. If the spinner lands on a coloured segment all the active symbols change to the selected colour along with any symbols in view which are of the selected colour and can combine to produce line wins. The selected colour segment of the wheel then changes to a symbol. If the spinner lands on a segment marked with a the screen will change to the / reel. If the reel stops on a segment the reel will hide and the Rainbow Chameleons feature will continue. If the reel stops on a segment the bonus finishes and the Free Spins feature will resume. If all segments are turned to a segment then the total amount won in the Rainbow Chameleons feature is doubled and added to the Free Spins total. WIN LINES In the Base game there are 10 independent win lines In all High Roller stakes there are an additional 10 win lines and symbols are only available on reels: 1, 3, and 5. All awards pay left to right on active pay lines only, except during the freespins on €30 and €50 Highroller stakes: where all awards pay at any position on active win lines. In the Base Game, and €20 High Roller only the highest win is paid per active win line. Expanding Wild is only available on reel 3. When a lands in view and a win or potential win combination is present, the wild symbol expands replacing all 3 symbols on that reel with a wild Wilds and Mystery Symbols , , , and substitute for and do not substitute for , , or is only available on reel 3. is only available during the €50 High Roller stake. can form part of multiple wins. Any symbols which land in view will flip to reveal a reel symbol. Then any other bonuses in view are processed and any winning combinations in view are then awarded. Gamble Press the Collect button to exit gamble with your winnings and any saved winnings. Wins may be gambled multiple times up to the maximum win amount. Any winnings which would result in a subsequent successful gamble exceeding the maximum win are automatically saved into saved winnings. Each wheel contains green and red segments, when a wheel is selected it will spin and then stop. If the pointer lands in the green segment on the selected wheel, the player wins the gamble. If the pointer lands on the red segment on the selected wheel, the gamble is lost. All wins are rounded up to the nearest denomination. Auto Play Select your number of spins and a loss limit to enable the start autoplay button. You can select the generated loss limit or enter a custom value. Autoplay will stop if the number of spins is completed or the loss limit is reached. Your loss limit is reached when your net losses are equal to the value selected or a further spin would increase net losses higher than set loss limit. Additionally you may enter a win limit that stops autoplay when a single game win is equal to or exceeds the value. Autoplay will stop if the jackpot of €250,000 is reached. Information Not all stakes may be available. Expected payback to the player is at least 95%. Malfunction voids game. No prize greater than €250,000 can be won in any one game. The outcome of any game or feature is not necessarily that shown by the odds displayed. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 or 10,000xBet - whichever is reached first (or currency equivalent. Other Operator limits may apply). Last modification date: 11/1/2019