Gator King Base Game Rules All awards pay left to right only. All awards pay on active win lines only. Highest win paid per active win line. appears on Reels 1, 3 and 5. Diamond Game There are 4 possible results after the Mini Reels spin. in view Awards 0 in view Awards a spin. 1 in view Awards a spin with 2 in view Awards a spin with and 3 in view Awards a spin with and and Diamond Game - Mega Reel Spin When 3 diamonds land in view, this awards a mega reel spin. The screen will flash to reveal a new reel band. are available on reels 1, 2, 4, and 5 only. is available on reels 3 only. is available on reels 1, 3 and 5. Any resulting wins are then awarded to the player. Free Spins is available on reels 1, 3 and 5. Free spins cannot be re-triggered. and are not available during free spins. The jukebox selects one symbol from: The selected symbol is then active as the expanding symbol for the duration of free spins. After each free spin, any resulting wins are awarded to the player. If the number of expanding symbols across different reels is equal to or greater than the number of symbols required for a win, the reels showing the expanding symbol then display a stack of the expanding symbols to fill the reel apertures. Any resulting wins are then awarded to the player. The expanding symbols do not have to be adjacent and pay on active pay lines. If the number of symbols across different reels is less than the number of symbols required for a win, the reels including the selected symbol will be held and remaining reels will respin. Any resulting wins are then awarded to the player. Free Spins Ladder The player starts with 3 symbols and a gamble is offered on the free spins values directly above and below the current free spins value. A gamble win will award the free spins gamble option above the current win. A gamble lose will award the free spins gamble option below the current win and a will change to When all the have been changed to , the win is automatically collected. Losing gamble to 0 free spins will end the free spins ladder and the free spins feature will not be awarded. Winning gamble to 20 free spins will start the free spins feature. Collecting the current win will start the free spins feature. Press to collect free spins. Press to gamble free spins. Free Spin - Gator King Star When the is in view, the symbol will be held from the reel by gator until the expand bonus is awarded. is only available on reel 5 When the gator is holding the and the selected symbol can expand the gator star bonus will activate. If the expanded symbol is not , all the expanded symbols change to . If the expanded symbol is , the turns into and all wins are paid for 2x the normal amount for the expanded wins only. The King When a lands in view on reel 3 and a potential win is present, the symbol expands replacing all 3 symbols on the reel with: And resulting wins are then awarded to the player The Equalizer On a chance basis at the end of a losing spin, all reels will drop down and then rise back in to view resulting in a new set of visible symbols. Any resulting wins are then awarded to the player. Gamble Up to five gamble options are available to the player. The game will start when the player chooses a column. The marker will begin to move eventually landing in either the black or coloured section. If the marker lands in the coloured section the player wins and the winnings will be increased to the value below the column. If the marker lands in the black section the player loses and the game will exit with any part-saved winnings. Any winnings which would result in a subsequent successful gamble exceeding the maximum win are automatically saved into saved winnings. It is possible to win up to a maximum of 20 free spins from a winning gamble. The player can press the Take Win button to exit with the current winnings. A maximum of 10 gambles per gamble entry will be awarded. All wins are rounded up to the nearest denomination. Wilds only appears on reel 3. The substitutes for Win Lines There are 10 independent win lines. All awards, except pay left to right on active pay lines only. 3 or more in view awards the win displayed in the paytable appears on Reels 1, 3 and 5. Only the highest win paid per active win line. Each Way Pays is only active if 1, or more, have landed in view when playing Diamond Game stakes. When Each Way Pays is active, all awards pay according to the pay table for the highest combination of matching adjacent symbols anywhere on an active pay line. may form part of multiple separate winning combinations on an active pay line Auto Play Select your number of spins and a loss limit to enable the start autoplay button. You can select the generated loss limit or select a custom value. Autoplay will stop if the number of spins is completed or the loss limit is reached. Your loss limit is reached when your net losses are equal to the value selected or a further spin would increase net losses higher than set loss limit. Additionally you may select a win limit that stops autoplay when a single game win is equal to or exceeds the value. Autoplay will stop if the jackpot of €250,000 is reached. Information Not all stakes may be available. The RTP for this game is 95%. All awards shown in the pay table are per winning line. Malfunction voids game. No prize greater than €250,000 can be won in any one game. The outcome of any game or feature is not necessarily that shown by the odds displayed. Last modification date: 2/26/2020