Double Fizz How To Play Double Fizz is played over 5 reels. If you are playing on a mobile device press the spin button to begin a spin. Once a spin cycle has started, press anywhere on screen to turbo the spin. If you are playing on a desktop press the spin button to begin a spin. Once a spin cycle has started press the on screen turbo button to turbo the spin. Expanding Bottle Feature When a lands in view on reels 2 or 4 and a win or potential win combination is present, the bottle expands, replacing all 3 symbols in view with Any resulting wins are then paid to the player. The Expanding Bottle feature may be awarded in combination with other features. The Fizz and Flute Feature When a and land in view the reels the Fizz and Flue feature can be activated. A Champagne bottle will drop over the and a flute will drop over a in view. These reels will then expand into wild stacks When more than one is in view on the reels, the flute will drop onto a creating a sequence with the highest win. If multiple appear on screen a flute may drop on any remaining . The champagne bottle and flute will only drop in and expand into a wild stack if doing so will create a win or increase the value of the current win. Only one flute can be created per bottle symbol. The Fizz and Flute feature is only available when playing high roller stakes. Double Fizz Feature The Double Fizz feature is awarded when a lands in view on both reels 2 and 4. Champagne bottles drop down over reels 2 and 4 changing all symbols in view on reels 2, 3 and 4 into stacked wilds Any resulting wins are then paid to the player. During high roller stakes the Double Fizz feature can be awarded when symbols land on both reels 2 & 4, or large flutes and champagne bottles have dropped in on reels 2 & 4. This will change all symbols in view on reels 2, 3 and 4 into stacked wilds Any resulting wins are then paid to the player. The Double Fizz feature may be awarded in combination with other features. Bubble Pop Bonus On a chance basis at the end of any losing spin, bubbles will rise up covering the symbols on one of the reels. These will pop creating a winning combination. Bubble Respin Bonus On a chance basis at the end of any losing spin, all of the reels will start to spin, and bubbles will fill the screen. Upon completion of this, the reels will the stop creating a winning combination. Wilds only appear on reel 2 and 4. substitutes for Paylines Double Fizz has 10 independent win lines. All awards pay left to right on active pay lines only. Where possible, wilds always combine with other symbols on an active pay line to award wins. Only the highest win is paid per active pay line. Gamble Press a wheel to gamble your winnings. If the arrow stops in the green segment of the wheel you have selected, the gamble has been successful and the award displayed below the wheel will be awarded and play can continue. If the arrow stops in the red segment of the wheel you have selected, the gamble has been un-successful and any winnings being gambled will be forfeited. Press take win to exit the gamble with your winnings and any saved winnings. Any winnings which would result in a subsequent successful gamble exceeding the maximum win are automatically saved into saved winnings. Wins may be gambled multiple times up to the maximum win amount. All wins are rounded up to the nearest denomination. Not all gamble options may be available. Auto Play Select your number of spins and a loss limit to enable the start auto play button. You can select the generated loss limit or enter a custom value. Autoplay will stop if the number of spins is completed or the loss limit is reached. Your loss limit is reached when your net losses are equal to the value selected or a further spin would increase net losses higher than set loss limit. Additionally you may enter a win limit that stops auto play when a single game win is equal to or exceeds the value. Enabling the stop on jackpot option will stop auto play if the jackpot of (500 x max stake) is reached. Information Expected pay back to the player is at least 95%. Malfunction voids game. No prize greater in value than (500 x max stake) can be won in any one game. The outcome of any game or feature is not necessarily that shown by the odds displayed. Not all stakes may be available. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of CR Ltd and/or its licensees in the U.S. and/or other countries. © 2018 CR Ltd. All rights reserved. Last modification date: 7/1/2020