Fortune Dragons Fun Drops How To Play Pressing play begins the drop, symbols will drop into the 5x5 grid on screen. Once the drop has completed, any wins in view are awarded to the player. Wins are awarded for 5 or more matching connecting symbols in a horizontal or vertical direction (not diagonal). Once all winning combinations on the current game screen have exploded, the symbols will move downwards into the available space and further symbols will fall down to fill any gaps. Any winning matched combinations thereafter will continue to explode until all winning combinations have exploded. Any winning matched combinations thereafter will again explode until the winning combinations have exploded for that game screen with further symbols falling down until such time as no further winning combinations remain on screen. The game will stop when there are no further winning combinations remaining in the 5x5 grid of symbols. Wins are paid according to the pay table for each symbol and number of symbols in the combination. Awards for 3 or 4 matching symbols are only awarded to the player in the Bonus Pays feature. Drop Trail The drop trail is shown on the left hand side of the screen. Any drops after the initial drop in the current game will light an indicator on the drop trail. The drop trail is completed when all 3 sections of the trail are illuminated. Once the drop trail is completed the Bonus Pays feature is activated. Bonus Pays When Bonus Pays is active, wins are awarded for 3 or more matching connecting symbols in a horizontal and vertical direction (not diagonal). Any winning combinations on the current game screen are then awarded. Drops continue until no further winning combinations are in view, at that point a Lucky Bonus Drop is awarded to the player. If any winning combinations are created in the Lucky Bonus Drop, the winning combinations explode and drops will continue until no further winning combinations are in view and the feature comes to an end. Autoplay Select your number of spins and a loss limit to enable the start autoplay button. You can select the generated loss limit or enter a custom value. Autoplay will stop if the number of spins is completed or the loss limit is reached. Your loss limit is reached when your net losses are equal to the value selected or a further spin would increase net losses higher than set loss limit. Additionally you may enter a win limit that stops autoplay when a single game win is equal to or exceeds the value. Enabling the stop on jackpot option will stop autoplay if the jackpot of (500 x Max Stake) is reached. Additional Information Expected pay back is at least 94%. In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example: If the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term expected average in either direction. The expected pay back reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual pay back that may be experienced. The maximum win in any one game is (500 x Max Stake). All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of CR ltd and/or its licensees in the U.S. and/or other countries. (c) 2016 CR ltd. All rights reserved. Last modification date: 7/1/2020