Laser Lock Power Play After selecting a Power Play level, press the wheel button to spin the arrow. Each spin of the arrow costs €2. If the arrow stops in the green section of the wheel, the enhanced game will start and any resulting wins or bonuses will be awarded. If the arrow stops in the red section of the wheel, the enhanced game will not start. During the Level 1 Power Play, when the enhanced game starts a slider will start and may, at a random chance, unlock the top of reel 1. During the Level 2 Power Play, when the enhanced game starts sliders will start and may, at a random chance, unlock the top of reels 1 and 3. During the Level 3 Power Play, when the enhanced game starts sliders will start and may, at a random chance, unlock the top of reels 1, 3, and 5. During the Level 3 Power Play, the top reels have an increased chance of being unlocked. During the Level 3 Power Play, unlocking reels 1,3 and 5 will trigger the bonus which unlocks the remaining two reels. Free Spin 3 in view, awards the Free Spins Feature. 3 in view, awards 10 free spins. is only available on reels 1, 3, and 5. During the Free Spins if a lands anywhere in view, on an unlocked position, the top reel directly above it will unlock. The appears on all 5 reels. Once a symbol is used to unlock a top reel a new symbol will reveal behind it. Thunder Bonu When a reel is stricken by lightning all symbols on that reel will be destroyed and replaced with a new set of symbols to create a winning combination or trigger Free Spins. Meteorite Bonu When the meteorite bonus activates, a selection of random symbols will crash into the reels, destroying any symbols they land on. This will replace the highlighted symbols in order to create a winning combination. Earthquake Bonu When the earthquake bonus activates all symbols will fall from their existing positions. All fallen symbols are then replaced with a new set of symbols to create a winning combination or trigger Free Spins. Black Hole Bonu When the Black Hole bonus activates a Black Hole will appear and pull all symbols and locked reels into it. The Black Hole will then replace all symbols with a new set of symbols to create a winning combination or trigger Free Spins. After being pulled into Black Hole all top locked reels are unlocked for the remainder of the result. Linked Pay Starting from reel 1; 3 or more matching symbols on linked reels pay. Only the highest win is paid per active win line. Gamble Press the Collect button to exit gamble with your winnings and any saved winnings. Wins may be gambled multiple times up to the maximum win amount. Any winnings which would result in a subsequent successful gamble exceeding the maximum win are automatically saved into saved winnings. Each wheel contains green and red segments, when a slider is selected it will slide and then stop. If the pointer lands in the green segment on the selected slider, the player wins the gamble. If the pointer lands on the red segment on the selected slider, the gamble is lost. All wins are rounded up to the nearest denomination. Auto Play Select your number of spins and a loss limit to enable the start autoplay button. You can select the generated loss limit or enter a custom value. Autoplay will stop if the number of spins is completed or the loss limit is reached. Your loss limit is reached when your net losses are equal to the value selected or a further spin would increase net losses higher than set loss limit. Additionally you may enter a win limit that stops autoplay when a single game win is equal to or exceeds the value. Autoplay will stop if the jackpot of €250,000 is reached. Information Not all stakes may be available. Expected payback to the player is at least 95%. Malfunction voids game. No prize greater than €250,000 can be won in any one game. The outcome of any game or feature is not necessarily that shown by the odds displayed. All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of CR Ltd and/or its licensees in the U.S. and/or other countries. Last modification date: 7/1/2020