Multropolis How to Play Multropolis is played over 5 reels. If you are playing on a mobile device press the to begin a spin. Once a spin cycle has started, press on the reels to turbo the spin. If you are playing on desktop press the spin button to begin a spin. Once a spin cycle has started, press the on screen turbo button to turbo the spin. During high roller games the turbo function is not available. During the freespins feature the turbo function is not available. Reel Bonus On a chance basis, the symbols on a reel will disappear. The three symbols above and out of view will then drop down to replace the missing symbols to create a reel or scatter win. Freespins Feature The freespins feature is awarded when 3 or more or land in view. 3x or awards 10 freespins. 4x or awards 15 freespins. 5x or awards 20 freespins. During freespins is only available on reels 1, 3 and 5 when playing at linear stakes. During freespins is only available on reels 1, 3 and 5 when playing at Highroller stakes. Wheel trigger fill sequence Scanning from the bottom of the wheel trigger stack, when a wheel trigger lands in view, the next available empty wheel trigger slot is filled. If there are no empty slots, using the activation sequence (Shown below) one of the current wheel triggers is improved. Any win line win combines with the active wheel to trigger the mega wheel of the active wheel trigger colour. and symbols do not appear during freespins. The maximum wheel trigger stack is Multropolis Mega-Wheel +SPINS - Freespins awarded from the Multropolis Mega-Wheel are added to the remaining freespins. During the bonus freespins feature any subsequent freespins awarded from the Multropolis Mega-Wheel will transition the game back to the original freespins bonus. STEP IN - If the 'Step In' feature is achieved on the Green Multropolis Mega-Wheel the reel will transition inwards from Green to Amber and respin. If the 'Step In' feature is achieved on the Amber Multropolis Mega-Wheel the wheel will transition inwards from Amber to Red and respin. WIN BOOST - One or more reels in view will respin to reveal a higher value winning combination. X - The current win is multiplied by the number highlighted in the Mega-Wheel. Bonus spins Bonus freespins are awarded if the number of freespins reaches zero and the wheel trigger slots are not empty. The bonus freespins feature will last until all wheel triggers are used. Additional freespins can be awarded in the bonus freespins feature from the Mega-Wheel. Any freespins awarded from the Mega-Wheel during bonus spins are played after completion of the current bonus spin. If the number of additional freespins reaches zero and the wheel trigger slots are not empty, bonus spins are awarded again. are not available in bonus spins. are not available in bonus spins. does not appear in bonus freespins. does not appear in bonus freespins. Wilds is available on reels: 2, 3 and 4. is only available on reels: 1, 3, 5. is available on reels: 1, 2, 3, 4 and 5 on £30 and £50 highroller stakes. is available on reels: 1, 3 and 5 during the freespins bonus. is available on reels: 1, 3 and 5 during the freespins bonus. , , substitutes for does not substitute for does not substitute for does not substitute for does not substitute for A combination of 5 & on any active payline will pay A combination of 5 & on any active payline will pay A combination of 4 or less , or on a win line must combine with other symbols to create winning combinations. Win Lines 10 independent win lines is available on reels: 1, 3 and 5. is available on reels: 1, 3 and 5 on €20 Highroller Stakes. is available on reels: 1, 2, 3, 4 and 5 on €30 Highroller Stakes and €50 Highroller Stakes. All awards (except ) pay from left to right on active pay lines only. All wins pay at any position in view. Only the highest win is paid per active winline. Autoplay Select your number of spins and a loss limit to enable the start autoplay button. You can select the generated loss limit or enter a custom value. Autoplay will stop if the number of spins is completed or the loss limit is reached. Your loss limit is reached when your net losses are equal to the value selected or a further spin would increase net losses higher than set loss limit. Additionally you may enter a win limit that stops autoplay when a single game win is equal to or exceeds the value. Enabling the stop on jackpot option will stop autoplay if the jackpot of €250000 is reached. Information Expected payback is at least 95%. Not all stakes may be available. Malfunction voids game. No prize greater than €250000 can be won in any one game. The outcome of any game or feature is not necessarily that shown by the odds displayed. All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of CR ltd and/or its licenses in the U.S. and/or other countries. (c) 2018 CR ltd. All rights reserved. Last modification date: 7/1/2020