Super Gold 7's Super Spins 3 or more anywhere in view awards the Super Spins feature. 3 x awards 10 Super Spins. 4 x awards 15 Super Spins. 5 x awards 20 Super Spins. If 3 or more land in view on any Super Spin, the Super Bonus is awarded. If 3 or more land in view on the final Super Spin, the corresponding Bonus Spins are automatically awarded. Super Bonus 3 or more anywhere in view on any Super Spin awards the Super Bonus. Choose Bonus Super Spins or Increased Awards every time the Super Bonus is triggered. Bonus Spins - 3 x awards 10 Super Spins, 4 x awards 15 Super Spins, 5 x awards 20 Super Spins. Increased Awards - Awards given for winning combinations during the remaining Super Spins are increased. After Super Spins are completed, the paytable reverts back to the awards present before the feature was triggered. The Super bonus feature can be triggered multiple times during any Super Spins feature. Increased Awards do not apply to any wins that are awarded before the Super Bonus is triggered. Gamble Choose either red or black to win x2. Choose any suit to win x4. Any winnings which would result in a subsequent successful gamble exceeding the maximum win are automatically saved into saved winnings. Wins may be gambled multiple times up to the maximum win amount. Win Lines All awards pay from left to right on active win lines only. 3 x symbols anywhere in view starts the Super Spins feature. symbols appear on all reels. Super Spins wins are added to line wins. and combine to create winning combinations. Autoplay Select your number of spins and a loss limit to enable the start autoplay button. You can select the generated loss limit or enter a custom value. Autoplay will stop if the number of spins is completed or the loss limit is reached. Your loss limit is reached when your net losses are equal to the value selected or a further spin would increase net losses higher than set loss limit. Additionally you may enter a win limit that stops autoplay when a single game win is equal to or exceeds the value. Enabling the stop on jackpot option will stop autoplay if the jackpot of £250,000 is reached. Additional Info Base game: playing at a good strategy will pay at least 94%. Base game: playing at a bad strategy will pay at least 91%. High Roller: playing at a good strategy will pay at least 94%. High Roller: playing at a bad strategy will pay at least 87%. £50 High Roller: all awards pay left to right or right to left or centre on active win lines only. A good strategy is to select Extra Spins from the Super Bonus feature when you have 5 or less spins remaining and to select Increased Awards when you have 6 or more spins remaining in the feature. A bad strategy is to always select Extra Spins from the Super Bonus feature regardless of the number of spins you have remaining. Not all stakes may be available. Malfunction voids game. The maximum win in any one game is 500 x maximum stake. The outcome of any game or feature is not necessarily that shown by the odds displayed.