Mighty Atlantis Base Game Rules All awards, left to right on active pay lines only. Highest win paid per active win line. Diamond Game Press Start to start the Diamond game. There are 4 possible results after the Mini Reels spin. Awards 0 in view Awards a spin. 1 in view Awards a spin with extra on each reel. 2 in view Awards a spin with extra on each reel and Each Way Pays active. 3 in view Awards a spin with extra on each reel, Each Way Pays active and Hold Of Hades. Diamond Game - Hold Of Hades If the Diamond Game spins in 3 then Hold Of Hades will become active. or the symbols that make up any of the winning paylines will be held. The reels will then spin. At the end of the spin any newly presented or held symbols will be held and the reels will spin again. Hold Of Hades will end when there are no newly presented or held symbols. The current line wins are then processed. Respin Bonus On a chance basis at the end of any losing spin, all of the reels will start spinning. The reels will then stop. Creating a winning combination. Wild & substitutes for: Line wins are processed, then, providing they form part of a new win, any stacked symbols are converted to any new line wins are then processed and/or any non stacked symbols are converted to any new line wins are then processed. Single conversions to are only available during Diamond Games with 1 or more in view Win Lines There are 10 independent win lines. All awards, left to right on active pay lines only. During Diamond Games with 2 or more in view, all awards pay according to the pay-table for the combinations of matching adjacent symbol anywhere on an active win line. & may form part of multiple separate winning combinations on an active pay line. 4 or less wilds on an active pay line combine with other symbols to award wins. Gamble Up to five gamble options are available to the player. The game will start when the player chooses a column. The coloured area represent the chance of winning. The black area represents the change of losing. A successful gamble will increase the win to the value displayed beneath the chosen column. An unsuccessful gamble will exit with any part-saved winnings. The player can press the Take Win button to exit with the current winnings. A maximum of 10 gambles per gamble entry will be awarded. All wins are rounded up to the nearest denomination. Auto Play Select your number of spins and a loss limit to enable the start autoplay button. You can select a custom loss limit value. Autoplay will stop if the number of spins is completed or the loss limit is reached. Your loss limit is reached when your net losses are equal to the value selected or a further spin would increase net losses higher than set loss limit. Additionally you may enter a win limit that stops autoplay when a single game win is equal to or exceeds the value. Autoplay will stop if the jackpot of £250,000 is reached. Information Not all stakes may be available. Expected payback to the player is at least 95%. Malfunction voids game. No prize greater than £250,000 can be won in any one game. The outcome of any game or feature is not necessarily that shown by the odds displayed. All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of CR Ltd and/or its licensees in the U.S. and/or other countries. © 2020 CR Ltd. All rights reserved. Last modification date: 6/23/2020