Mobsters On The Run Base Game Rules All awards, except pay left to right on active pay lines only. is available on reels 1, 3 and 5. Highest win paid per active win line. Diamond Game Press Start to start the Diamond game. There are 4 possible results after the Mini Reels spin. Awards 0 in view Awards a spin. 1 in view Awards a spin with 2 in view Awards a spin with and 3 in view Awards a spin with , and When awarded, scatters are wild and the increased win lines are active throughout the whole game round including free spins. Free Spins 3 in view Awards 3 10 Free Spins Before Free Spins starts; the player chooses one of the 5 mobsters. After every free spin each mobster in view is multiplied by the value shown and added to the corresponding mobsters getaway prize. If 1 or 2 land in view they are added to the 3 position bet in play trail. When the trail is full the bet in play is awarded. Bet in play gives you the opportunity to either keep your existing mobster or change to another. If this happens on the last spin and you have not selected a leading mobster, a leading mobster will be automatically selected for you. When the bet in play bonus is completed the trail is cleared and can be filled again during any remaining free spins. If 3 land in view then 10 extra free spins are added to any remaining free spins. At the end of Free Spins the leading mobsters in the getaway are declared the winner. If any winning mobsters match the chosen mobster, the getaway prize for that mobster is doubled. The winning mobsters getaway prizes are then added to the total of any line wins that have been accumulated. The final amount is then awarded to the player. During Free Spins, only the mobsters and scatter symbols are present. Each free spins reel contains an equal number of mobster symbols. Spin to Win Bonus On a chance basis at the end of any losing spin, two mobsters will race across the screen causing them all to start spinning. The reels will then stop, creating a winning combination. Wilds is available on reels 2, 3 and 4. is available on reels 1, 3 and 5. is only available when the Diamond Game mini reels result in 1 or more in view symbols expand to fill the reel if the newly expanded reel is a part of a reel win. and substitute for: . and can form part of multiple wins. Win Lines 10 independent win lines (1-10) are always available. 10 additional independent win lines (11-20) are only available when the Diamond Game mini reels result in 2 or more in view. 4 or less must combine with another symbol on a win line to create winning combinations. 5 on a win line pays according to the paytable. Gamble Up to five gamble options are available to the player. The game will start when the player chooses a column. The coloured areas represent the chance of winning. A successful gamble will increase the win to the value displayed beneath the chosen column. An unsuccessful gamble will exit with any part-saved winnings. Any winnings which would result in a subsequent successful gamble exceeding the maximum win are automatically saved into saved winnings. It is possible to win up to a maximum of 30 Free Spins from a winning gamble. The player can press the Take Win button to exit with the current winnings. A maximum of 10 gambles per gamble entry will be awarded. All wins are rounded up to the nearest denomination. Auto Play Select your number of spins and a loss limit to enable the start autoplay button. You can select a custom loss limit value. Autoplay will stop if the number of spins is completed or the loss limit is reached. Your loss limit is reached when your net losses are equal to the value selected or a further spin would increase net losses higher than set loss limit. Additionally you may enter a win limit that stops autoplay when a single game win is equal to or exceeds the value. Autoplay will stop if the jackpot of €250,000 is reached. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 or 10,000xBet - whichever is reached first (or currency equivalent. Other Operator limits may apply). Information Not all stakes may be available. Expected payback to the player based on a random strategy is at least 93% during the base game and 94% during the Diamond Game. Expected payback to the player based on a best strategy is at least 95%. The best strategy in the free spins feature is to always pick the leading mobster during the "Bet In Play" bonus. Malfunction voids game. No prize greater than €250,000 can be won in any one game. The outcome of any game or feature is not necessarily that shown by the odds displayed. All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of CR Ltd and/or its licensees in the U.S. and/or other countries. 2020 CR Ltd. All rights reserved. Last modification date: 3/18/2020