Crown of Midas Base Game Rules All awards, except pay left to right on active pay lines only. During Free Spins Each Way Pays is active. When Each Way Pays is active, all awards pay according to the pay table for combinations of matching adjacent symbols anywhere on an active win line. Highest win paid per active win line. Free Spins 3 landing in view awards 10 Free Spins. 4 or less must combine with another symbol on a win line to create winning combinations During Free Spins; if 1, 2 or 3 lands in view, Crown of Midas is activated. Midas Bonuses On a chance basis, one of the three bonuses trigger for each : Midas Touch - One or more symbols in view are turned into . Award Free Spins - A number of bonus free spins are awarded. Crazy Pays - Crazy Pays is awarded. Crazy Pays wins are paid according to the paytable for all combinations of identical symbols anywhere in view. Crazy Pays wins are only paid according to the number of reels on which the winning symbol appears. If any reels contain multiple matching symbols which can form part of a winning Crazy Pays combination then multiple wins are awarded. Diamond Game Press Start to start the Diamond game. There are 4 possible results after the Mini Reels spin. Awards 0 in view Awards a spin. 1 in view Awards a spin with 2 in view Awards a spin with and 3 in view Awards a spin with and and Midas Expand and Super Expand Midas Expand bonus is active during the Diamond Game when 2 or more are awarded during the mini reels spin. Super Expand bonus is active during the Diamond Game when 3 are awarded during the mini reels spin. When a lands in view on reel 1, 3 or 5, the symbol expands replacing all 3 symbols on the reel with . Any resulting wins are then awarded to the player. If 3 are awarded during the Diamond Game, each will update to and award 5 Free Spins. Midas Touch On a chance basis at the end of a losing spin, Midas activates the Midas Touch bonus. One or more symbols in view are turned into . Any winning combinations are then processed. The King On a chance basis at the end of any spin, Midas activates The King bonus. Midas clicks his fingers and appears on reel 1, 3 or 5. Any winning combinations are then processed. Raining Gold On a chance basis at the end of a losing spin, Midas activates the Raining Gold bonus. During the Raining Gold bonus, a random monetary value is awarded to the player. When Midas stops dancing, the bonus ends. Wilds When or lands in view and a win or potential win combination is present, the will superimpose on the top and substitute for: only appears on reels 1, 3 and 5 in the base game. only appears on reels 1, 3 and 5 in the Free Spins feature. Win Lines There are 10 independent win lines. pay at any position on the reels in addition to line wins. appear on reel 1, 3 and 5. All awards except pay from left to right on active win lines only. When Each Way Pays is active, all awards pay according to the pay table for combinations of matching adjacent symbols anywhere on an active win line. 4 or less symbols must combine with another symbol on a win line to create winning combinations. All win lines are available at all stakes, only the highest win is paid per active win line unless Each Way Pays is active. When Each Way Pays is active, all awards pay at any position on active win lines. Gamble There are up to five gamble options are available to the player. When the player touches a column this starts the gamble. The coloured area represents the chance of winning. A successful gamble will increase the win to the value displayed beneath the chosen column. An unsuccessful gamble will exit with any part-saved winnings It is possible to win Free Spins from a winning gamble up to a maximum of 20 Free Spins The player can press the Take Win button to exit with the current winnings. Wins may be gambled multiple times up to the maximum win amount. A maximum of 10 gambles per gamble entry will be awarded. All wins are rounded to the nearest denomination. Auto Play Select your number of spins and a loss limit to enable the start autoplay button. You can select a custom loss limit value. Autoplay will stop if the number of spins is completed or the loss limit is reached. Your loss limit is reached when your net losses are equal to the value selected or a further spin would increase net losses higher than set loss limit. Additionally you may enter a win limit that stops autoplay when a single game win is equal to or exceeds the value. Autoplay will stop if the jackpot of €250,000 is reached. Information Not all stakes may be available. Expected payback to the player is at least 95%. Malfunction voids game. No prize greater than €250,000 can be won in any one game. The outcome of any game or feature is not necessarily that shown by the odds displayed. All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of CR Ltd and/or its licensees in the U.S. and/or other countries. 2019 CR Ltd. All rights reserved. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 or 10,000xBet - whichever is reached first (or currency equivalent. Other Operator limits may apply). Last modification date: 12/12/2019