Gala Spins How To Play Gala Spins is played over 5 reels. If you are playing on a mobile device press the spin button to begin a spin. Once a spin cycle has started, press anywhere on screen to turbo the spin. If you are playing on desktop press the spin button to begin a spin. Once a spin cycle has started, press the on screen turbo button to turbo the spin. During high roller games and the Gala Spins feature the turbo function is not available. 3 x in view awards the Gala Spins Feature with 10 Gala Spins. 4 x in view awards the Gala Spins Feature with 15 Gala Spins. 5 x in view awards the Gala Spins Feature with 20 Gala Spins. Gala Spins Feature During the Gala Spins Feature for each that lands in view, the Gala Spins Trail is incremented by one position. When the trail position lands on an offer of extra Gala Spins, you can then choose to accept or reject the offer. If the offer is accepted, the extra Gala Spins are awarded and the trail position resets back to the start position. If the offer is rejected, the Gala Spins continue with the position on the trail remaining the same. If extra Gala Spins are offered on the final Gala Spin, the extra Gala Spins are automatically awarded. If the final position on the trail is reached the offer is automatically collected, and the trail position is reset back to the start. During Gala Spins if the amount of spins remaining reaches zero the current position on the trail is lost and the feature ends. During Gala Spins, 3 or more in view retriggers extra Gala Spins. Win Lines At all linear stakes there are 5 independent win lines. During €30 and €50 High Roller there are an additional 5 win lines. On stakes less than £2 all awards pay from left to right only. Only the highest win paid per active win line. Scatter wins are added to line wins. On stakes of €2 or more all awards pay for combinations of matching adjacent symbols anywhere on an active win line. appears on all reels. substitutes for Autoplay Select your number of spins and a loss limit to enable the start autoplay button. You can select the generated loss limit or enter a custom value. Autoplay will stop if the number of spins is completed or the loss limit is reached. Your loss limit is reached when your net losses are equal to the value selected or a further spin would increase net losses higher than set loss limit. Additionally you may enter a win limit that stops autoplay when a single game win is equal to or exceeds the value. Enabling the stop on jackpot option will stop autoplay if the jackpot of 500x max stake is reached. Information Expected payback to the player based on a good strategy is at least 94%. A good strategy during the Gala Spins Feature is to take any extra spins offered if the spins remaining reads 2 or less. Expected payback to the player based on a bad strategy is at least 84%. A bad strategy during the Gala Spins Feature is to always accept the first offer of extra Gala Spins regardless of value. Malfunction voids game. No prize greater than 500x max stake can be won in any one game. Not all stakes may be available. The outcome of any game or feature is not necessarily that shown by the odds displayed. All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of CR ltd and/or its licensees in the U.S. and/or other countries. (c) 2017 CR ltd. All rights reserved. Last modification date: 7/1/2020