Crocodopolis Crocodopolis is a five-reel, 25-payline slot game with a 'Crocodopolis Free Spins Game' feature, which awards free spins. The free game feature is awarded when 3 Pyramid symbols appear anywhere on reels 2, 3 and 4 at the same. The player is awarded 12 free games with all prizes doubled. CROC substitutes for all symbols except scattered PYRAMID. Information The minimum bet amount is EUR 0.01 and the maximum bet amount is EUR 375. You can bet on up to twenty five lines. top How to play Setting 'LINES': Twenty five lines are selected by default. Lines can be changed by clicking + and - buttons available to the Left of the 'LINES' indicator on the game screen respectively. You can also increase or decrease the lines using the Left and Right arrow keys present on the key board respectively. Selected lines are lit, and unselected lines are not lit. Player can also select/deselect lines by clicking on desired line number at the end of lines. Setting 'BET': When you enter the game, a default bet of EUR 0.25 per line is set for all 25 lines, resulting in a total bet of EUR 6.25. You can choose to increase or decrease the bet per line by using the + and - buttons available to the Right of 'BET' indicator. You can also increase or decrease the BET using the Up and Down arrow keys present on the key board respectively. If your game balance drops below your total bet placed, bet and lines will not get adjusted to the next possible bet instead Re-buy window will appear. If you have no funds in your account, the deposit option will pop up. Max Bet: To play with 25 lines and EUR 15.00 bet per line, click on 'MAX' buttons present on the right of the 'LINE' indicator and on the left of 'Bet' indicator. If your game balance is not sufficient, this option is disabled. The number of selected lines is multiplied by the 'bet per line', and the total bet amount is displayed in the 'TOTAL BET' meter, which is located at the bottom centre of the game screen. 'RULES' and 'PAYTABLE': The 'PAYTABLE' and 'RULES' can be viewed by clicking on the 'INFO' button located at bottom left of the game screen. To calculate the payout amount, multiply the respective prize with the bet per line. Note that to calculate the payout for scatter symbols, multiply the respective prize with the total bet. You can go back to the game by clicking on the 'GAME' button. Also you can navigate between different 'INFO' screens by clicking the 'NEXT' and 'BACK' buttons. Spin: After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines, and/or any scatter wins, will be paid according to the pay table. Result: Any wins are indicated by their paylines highlighted and symbols animating, or in case of scatter wins, scatter symbols are animated. The total win amount is shown at the bottom of the reels as a message. The individual line wins are shown at the right end of each winning line. Repeat Bet/Change Bet: If you have already bet, the settings selected will be automatically carried over to the subsequent spin if there is sufficient amount. Simply click on 'SPIN' to play with the same bet again. To change your bet, use the + and - buttons near the 'BET' or 'LINES' indicators as explained above. Credits: Your remaining game balance, after you have placed the desired bet, is shown in 'CREDIT' meter. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed in the 'CREDIT' meter and the 'TOTAL BET' meter. 'AUTOSPIN': You can make use of this feature to choose amongst the various options for 'hands free' game play. Options available under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will automatically spin for the number of spins selected from the drop-down menu. You can choose any number of games and play until your balance is less than the total bet placed. Spin till win is equal to or exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount selected from the drop down menu. Spin till any win: The game will automatically spin until the next win. Spin till feature trigger: The game will automatically spin until the next feature is triggered. Spin till my balance exceeds or equals to: The game will automatically spin until the game balance is greater than or equal to the amount entered. Note that 'game balance' implies the sum of the amounts given in 'CREDIT' meter and 'TOTAL BET' meter. Spin till my balance falls below or equals to: The game will automatically spin until the game balance is less than or equal to the amount entered. Note that 'Game balance' implies the sum of amounts given in 'CREDIT' meter and 'TOTAL BET' meter. Play faster: This option lets you play faster than usual by reducing the break time. You must choose at least one of the other available Auto Spin options before selecting 'Play Faster'. To make use of the auto spin feature, click on the 'AUTO SPIN' button at the bottom of the game screen. When the auto spin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Select from the drop-down menu where applicable. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Click on 'CANCEL' to return to the game screen. You can deactivate 'AUTO SPIN' by clicking on the 'STOP SPIN' button. If spin is in progress, 'AUTO SPIN' will be stopped after completing the current spin. Otherwise 'AUTO SPIN' is stopped immediately. When playing with multiple 'AUTO SPIN' options, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be ignored. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again, or choose new option(s), and proceed with the 'AUTO SPIN'. Please note: The 'AUTO SPIN' option is not available in play money mode. Click on 'GAME LOGS' to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on 'GAME RULES' to view the detailed rules of the game as web page. Click on 'REBUY' to buy more credits into the game from your bwin account. Click on 'EXIT GAME' to leave the game and return to the Lobby. Click on 'QUICK DEPOSIT' button to deposit money into your bwin account. The game rules are identical in both real money and play money modes. top Rules Play 1 to 25 lines. LINES can be changed by using the + and - buttons. BET amount can be changed by using the - and + buttons. SPIN begins the game with the currently selected BET and LINES. MAX next to the 'BET' meter selects maximum bet per line. MAX next to the 'Lines' selects maximum number of lines. Payouts are displayed on the PAYTABLE. Payline wins are multiplied by the amount bet per line. Highest win amount is paid on each selected payline. Coinciding wins on different lit lines are all added to your total. Scatter wins are multiplied by total bet and added to payline wins. All symbols pay Left to Right except scattered PYRAMID which pay any. Wins only occur on active paylines except Scattered Pyramid, which pays anywhere. CROC substitutes for all symbols except scattered PYRAMID. Scattered PYRAMID appears on Reels 2, 3 and 4 only. Malfunctions Voids all Pays and Plays. top Features Slide A Wild: The Slide a Wild functionality allows the player to determine where the wild/substitute symbol appears on the reels and its award. For the first time when you open the game, the slider will be presented at the top of reel one and the player may move the slider left or right to a different reel. When the slider is moved to a different reel, the wild symbol is displayed briefly on the respective reel along with its award and the game title will change to show the award for the respective wild. The awards are: CROC ON REEL 1: When croc appears on reel 1 and is part of any win then the wins are DOUBLED. CROC ON REEL 2: When croc appears on reel 2 and is part of any win then the wins are TRIPLED. CROC ON REEL 3: When CROC appears on reel 3 it expands to cover all positions on reel 3. When Wild expansion occurs, the game pays only after the Wild expands. CROC ON REEL 4: When CROC appears on reel 4 it expands to cover all positions on reel 4. When Wild expansion occurs, the game pays only after the Wild expands. All wins with CROC are TRIPLED. CROC ON REEL 5: All symbols on Reel 5 become CROC and prize is TRIPLED if CROC substitutes in a winning combination. Crocodopolis Free Spins Game: A Free Games Feature is awarded when 3 scattered PYRAMID appear anywhere on reels 2, 3, and 4. 12 Free Games are awarded during which all prizes are DOUBLED. The CROC will perform the same function during Free Games as in the triggering game. The Free Games Feature can be re-triggered by getting 3 Scattered Pyramid symbols anywhere on reels 2, 3, and 4 during free games. Free Games are played at the lines and bet of the trigger game. Free game wins are added to payline and scatter wins. top Paytable Click on INFO button in the main game screen, game will navigate to Paytable screen. In PAYTABLE screen, select NEXT button then game will navigate to the next Paytable screen. Pay Line Information: The theoretical return to player of this game are as follows: Slider Position RTP Slider on Reel 1 95.37% Slider on Reel 2 95.38% Slider on Reel 3 95.36% Slider on Reel 4 95.35% Slider on Reel 5 95.33% I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete the game for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game Logs' button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected after triggering or in the middle of the Crocodopolis Free Spins Game, on reconnection, the software will automatically start the Crocodopolis Free Spins Game, if not already started, or resume from where it was disconnected. After completing the free spins, you can resume playing the same game, or you can select another game of your choice. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team. top Last modification date: 1/31/2017