Cubis Cubis game is a three-dimensional 75-cells cube-swapping game. Cubis allows you to play 15 lines and win up to 50,000 X line bet per game round. When the game begins, randomly-generated symbols will drop down from the top of the screen for the two vertical (left and right) sides, and for the horizontal (bottom) side they get filled from its right and they fall into position until all 75 symbols have settled into place. When there is a payline or paylines win the winning symbols will be marked and then disappear causing all symbols above them to drop down.. New/additional symbols are dropped from top of the screen for the two vertical (left and right) sides, and for the horizontal (bottom) side they get filled from its right. After all the pay lines are highlighted and there are no more line wins, if there are bombs on the board they will be detonated. Win is then credited at the end of the game when there are no more wins and bombs. The game also features a wild symbol 'Dice' which substitutes for any symbols on the payline except the bombs. Information You can bet on up to fifteen lines. On selection of pay lines user can view the pay lines. How to play Setting 'LINES': Fifteen lines are selected by default. Lines can be changed by clicking ▲ and ▼ arrow button available to the right side of the 'LINES' indicator present on the game screen. This can also be done by using the Up arrow and Down arrow keyboard keys. Selected lines are lit, and unselected lines are not lit. Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet of $1 per line is set for all 15 lines, resulting in a total bet of $15. You can choose to increase or decrease the bet per line by using the ▲ and ▼ arrows available beside the 'BET' indicator or by using the Page Up and Page Down keyboard keys. If your game balance is less than $15, the system will automatically adjust the bet to the next highest possible amount. The number of selected lines is multiplied by the 'bet per line', and the total bet amount is displayed under the 'TOTAL BET' meter, which is located at the middle left of the game screen. 'PAYTABLE': The 'PAYTABLE' can be viewed by clicking on the 'PAYTABLE' button located on the bottom left of the main console screen or by clicking the keyboard key “P”. To calculate the payout amount, multiply the respective prize with the bet per line. You can go back to the game by clicking on the 'GAME' button or by clicking the keyboard key “G”. 'RULES': The 'RULES' can be viewed by clicking on the 'Rules' button located in the Paytable screen or by clicking the key board key “R”. You can go back to the game by clicking on the 'GAME' button or by clicking the keyboard key “G”. PLAY: Click on PLAY or Spacebar to start the game. After new, randomly-generated symbols drop down from the top of the screen for the two vertical (left and right) sides, and for the horizontal (bottom) side they get filled from its right and they fall into position until all 75 symbols have settled into place, any winning combinations on the selected lines will be paid according to the pay table. If there are no win combinations and no bombs, the game round is over. When a payline or paylines win, the winning symbols are marked and then disappear causing all symbols above them to drop down. New/additional symbols are dropped from top of the screen for the two vertical (left and right) sides, and for the horizontal (bottom) side they get filled from its right If no more win combinations are present, any bombs present will be detonated. The empty spaces are again filled with new randomly generated symbols. If there are no win combinations and no bombs then game round is over and Win is credited. There can be 3 types of bombs: Line bomb, Square Bomb and Nuclear Bomb. Line Bomb: The 'line bomb' when it explodes, destroys cubes at 90 degree angles on the same face. Destroyed cubes are then replaced. Square Bomb: The 'Square bomb' destroys all 25 cubes on the same face. Destroyed cubes are then replaced. Nuclear Bomb: The 'Nuclear Bomb' destroys all 75 cubes on the board. Destroyed cubes are then replaced. Big payout: If there is a maximum payout of 50,000 or more during a game round, the round ends and a pop-up message saying “Maximum Payout Awarded! 50,000 X Line Bet” with an “ok” button will be presented. Clicking on the 'ok' button would close the pop-up message and the player is allowed to start a new round. Line Win: Displays credits won on each winning Payline. Paid: Displays the total amount won per game. Lock Background: There are 3 background themes Ocean, Forest and Desert. When the text “Lock Background” is displayed on the game screen the background themes shall rotate every 10 spins one after the other. By clicking on the padlock present beside the the text “Lock background” we can lock the background from changing and the text “Unlock Background” is displayed. There are certain hot spots on the game screen by clicking on which we can change the background. Win Patterns: The player uses Win Patterns function when they want to view the pay lines. This can be done by clicking the Win Patterns button or by clicking the keyboard key “L". Repeat Bet/Change Bet: If you have already bet, the settings selected will be automatically carried over to the subsequent play. Simply click on 'PLAY' to play with the same bet again. To change your bet, use the Up-arrow and Down-arrow buttons near the 'BET' or 'LINES' indicators as explained above. Credits: Your remaining game balance, after you have placed the desired bet, is shown under 'CREDIT'. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the 'CREDIT' meter and the 'TOTAL BET' meter. 'AUTOPLAY': You can make use of this feature to choose 'hands free' game play for selected number of plays. To increase or decrease the auto spin count Click◄ and ► arrows displayed in the bottom left of the game screen. Maximum number of Auto Play games can be selected is 99. Click on 'PLAY' to activate the selected option and start the game. Click on 'STOP' to stop the AUTOPLAY. While 'AUTO PLAY' is in progress you can interrupt the game by clicking on the 'STOP' button. If game is in progress, 'AUTO PLAY' will be stopped after completing the current game otherwise 'AUTO PLAY' is stopped immediately and normal game is restored. Click on 'GAME LOGS' to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on 'Game Rules' to view the game rules of the game. Click on 'REBUY' to buy more credits into the game from your Party Account. Click on 'EXIT GAME' to leave the game and return to the lobby. The game rules are identical in both real money and play money modes. Rules Play 1 to 15 lines. LINES can be changed by using the ▲ and ▼ arrows or the keyboard keys Up arrow and Down arrow. BET amount can be changed by using the ▲ and ▼ arrows or the keyboard keys Page Up and Page Down. PLAY begins the game with the currently selected BET and LINES. BET MAX sets the LINES and BET to maximum. Payouts are displayed on the PAYTABLE. Payline wins are multiplied by the amount bet per line. Wins only occur on lines which have been selected. The cumulative amount is paid and added to balance if there is a multiple win on a single payline. Winning combinations are 4 or more identical symbols without interruptions in a single (horizontal or vertical) line. “Dice symbol” is wild and it substitutes for any other symbol but not a bomb. Wild (Dice) symbols in a row by themselves are not winning combinations, but they form winning combinations with the adjacent symbols in the line. When a single wild dice is part of a winning combination then the payout is multiplied by the point shown on the dice, that is payout x point on the dice. In the case when more than one wild dice symbol is included in the winning combination, the payout is multiplied by the sum of points shown on all respective dices, that is payout x sum of points on all dices. Ten dices is a special winning combination with a fixed prize of 10,000 X Line Bet - it is not multiplied by the sum of dice points. If there is a maximum payout of 50,000 or more during a game round, a pop-up message saying “Maximum Payout Awarded! 50,000 X Line bet” with an “ok” button will be presented. Clicking on OK button would close the pop-up message. Destroyed cubes are NOT replaced and player can play a new round. Player is paid a maximum of 50,000 x Line Bet, even though the payout is actually more than that. When a winning combination(s) occurs, its payout is paid to the player, symbols comprising the winning combination collapse making empty cells, For the two vertical(left and right) sides if any cubes are present above the empty cells they get moved into the empty positions. For the horizontal (bottom) side if any cubes are present right of the empty cells they get moved into the empty positions Then randomly generated symbols will drop down from the top of the screen for the two vertical (left and right) sides, and for the horizontal (bottom) side they get filled from its right and they fall into position until all 75 symbols have settled into place. Malfunctions Voids all Pays and Plays. Coinciding wins on different lit lines are all added to your total except in the following case where the player actually wins a total coinciding wins of more than 50,000 x Line Bet then not all coinciding wins are added and paid. Player is paid only a maximum of 50,000 x Line Bet. Paytable Click on PAYTABLE button in the main game, game will navigate to Paytable screen. The maximum RTP of the game is 94.81% when all the lines are played, going down to 86.49% when 1 line is played. Last modification date: 1/31/2017