Mega Deuces Wild Poker Mega Deuces Wild Poker is played against the machine. The objective of the video poker game is to obtain a five-card poker hand containing at least three of a kind or better, to the maximum of a natural royal flush. See the paytable below for more details. Once you have placed a bet, you get dealt five cards. You then choose the cards you want to hold, and the cards you want to discard. The machine replaces the cards you discard, leaving you with your final hand. You win according to the rank of your hand. top Information All suits (spades, hearts, clubs, and diamonds) have equal rank. The game is played with a single deck of 52 cards. All deuces are wild cards, and substitute for any other card to pay the maximum winning hand possible. The cards are shuffled at the start of every game. top How to play In this game you bets with coins, the value of which can be changed by clicking on the arrows on either side of the oval coin symbol, found above the Game Balance box.. The betting limits are shown on the game screen title bar. The total bet amount is shown in the 'Bet' box at the bottom of the game screen. The value of your coin is shown on the oval gold coin symbol. Use the up and down arrows to change the coin value. There is a minimum and maximum coin value. The number of coins being played is shown in the 'Coins' box; you may play between one and five coins per hand. The number of coins can be increased by clicking on 'Bet One' or by selecting the column in the paytable at the top of the screen. The number of coins being played is also indicated by highlighting the respective column in the paytable. The 'Bet Max' button automatically plays five coins of your chosen coin value. Clicking on the 'Bet Max' button also automatically starts the next game. Paytable: The machine pays out as per the paytable shown at the top of the game screen. The prizes shown in the paytable are in coins and each column corresponds to the number of coins bet ( from one to five coins). Your total win is the number of coins won multiplied by the value of those coins, this is shown in the 'Win' box. Click 'Deal' to receive five cards face up. You now have a choice to hold one or more cards in your initial hand. Clicking on a card will place a 'Hold' symbol on it. To remove the 'Hold' symbol, click on the card again. After making your selection, click 'Draw'. The cards that are not held will be replaced, leaving you with your final hand. Your win is based on the combination of the value of the final set of cards, according to the paytable shown at the top of the game screen. Your winnings are shown as dollars and/or cents in the 'Win' box at the bottom right of the game window. Your game balance is shown at the bottom left of the game screen. See below for more detail on 'Rebuy'. The default bet for the next game is the same as the amount bet in the previous one. You can choose to increase or decrease your bet as you wish. Click on 'Rules' button at the bottom left of the game screen to view the game rules. Click on the 'Gamelogs' button to view the logs of the games you have played. Click on 'Version' to view the current version number of the game. Click on 'Rebuy' to buy more credits into the game from your account. To exit the game, click on 'Exit Game'. top Paytable The paytable lists the prizes for winning hands. Only the highest winning hand is paid. All prizes in the paytable are shown as coins. The 'Win' box at the bottom right of the game screen will show all prizes paid in dollars and cents. Paytable based on one coin played Poker hands Number of coins paid Description of hand Natural royal flush 250 (4,000 coin jackpot, with five coins played) A, K, Q, J, 10 of the same suit without using the wild card. Four deuces 200 All four deuces, plus one other card. Deuces wild flush 25 A, K, Q, J, 10 of the same suit using one or more wild card. Five of a kind 16 Four cards of the same rank, plus a wild card. Straight flush 13 Five cards of the same suit in sequence. Four of a kind 4 Four cards of the same rank. Full house 3 Three of a kind plus a pair. Flush 2 Five cards of the same suit. Straight 2 Five cards in sequence (Ace can be high or low). Three of a kind 1 Three cards of the same rank. top I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of your game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You can find out your results by clicking on the 'Gamelogs' button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected in the middle of the feature round, you will be prompted to complete it after logging back in. After completing the feature round, you can either resume playing the same base game or select another game. Malfunctions voids all pays and plays. View all our video poker games here top Last modification date: 7/31/2018