Diamond Tower GAME RULES Malfunctions void all pays and plays. All pays left to right on consecutive reels, starting with the leftmost reel. All symbols pay once in any position on the reel, except substituted wins which may pay multiple times. The won field displays winnings in credits. There are 1,024 ways to win. Clicking SPIN or space bar (Flash only) repeats the last bet. Players can select multiplier bets (1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x). Paytable amounts initially displayed are based on the current Multiplier selected. Bonus wins are added to wins displayed in the WON meter. WILD substitutes for all symbols except BONUS. The Wild symbol only appears on the 2nd and 4th reels. All prizes are multiplied by the Multiplier selected. Higher credit denominations: 1K=1,000, 1M=1,000,000, 1B=1,000,000,000. Hold n Spin 2, 3 or 4 bonus symbols starting from the left most reel on adjacent reels trigger Hold n Spin. Paying BONUS symbols change to PADLOCK covering the the entire reel for the remaining Hold n Spin phase. The remaining reels are spun up to 3 times. If you improve by locking another BONUS, your Hold N Spins are reset to 3. Any further BONUS symbols appearing are "LOCKED IN" until all 5 reels are "LOCKED IN" or Hold n Spins are completed. Locking in 5 reels starts the Break-In Bonus. Break-In Bonus 5 BONUS / PADLOCK triggers the "Break-In Bonus". Pick a door from the highlighted row. You will reveal either a DIAMOND or a SIREN. The DIAMOND moves you up to a higher level. The SIREN ends picks and you win the Free Games and Multiplier for that respective level. Free Games are played at the same Multiplier Bet as the triggering game. Bonus can be retriggered during the Free Games. Retriggered bonuses are queued and played at the end of the Free Game series. Different Reels are used during Free Games. 6 Free Games x2 can be won. 6 Free Games x3 can be won. 7 Free Games x4 can be won. 8 Free Games x5 can be won. 10 Free Games x6 can be won. 11 Free Games x7 can be won. 12 Free Games x8 can be won. Auto Spin In jurisdictions where this feature is available, you can have your bet repeated for 5, 10, 20, 30 or 50 spins. Flash only Click the AUTO SPIN button and select the number from the pop-up menu. Click on STOP to cancel Auto Spin. Mobile only Press and hold the Spin button to activate the Auto Spin function or access Auto Spin from the Game Settings menu.