Multi Hand Jacks or Better Multi Hand Jacks or Better is played between you and the machine. It is a 50 hand game with a paytable based on the popular Jacks or Better game. The objective of the game is to obtain a five-card poker hand that contains at least a pair of Jacks or better, to the maximum of a Royal Flush in as many of your 50 hands as possible. See the 'Paytable' below for more details. You place a bet and the machine gives you five initial cards. You then choose the cards you want to hold and the cards you want to discard. The machine then holds the same cards in each of other 49 “mini hands”. When you click on “DRAW” the machine replaces the cards you discard in each of your 50 hands, using a fresh deck on every hand. You win according to the rank of your hands. The game also features a Doubling Game which becomes active if you achieve a win on any hand. You will then be given the opportunity to double your winnings, up to a maximum of 2,000 coins. top Information All suits (Spades, Hearts, Diamonds and Clubs) have equal rank. The game is played with each hand using a single deck of 52 cards. The cards are shuffled at the start of every game. top How to play Bets are placed as coins in this game. The number of coins can be changed by clicking on the 'BET ONE' button. The betting limits are shown on the game screen title bar. The total bet amount is shown in the 'BET' box at the bottom of the game screen. The value of coin you are playing is shown in the COIN SIZE box. The up and down arrows change the coin value. The number of coins being played is shown in the 'COINS' box; you may play between 1 and 5 coins per hand. The same number of coins will be played for each hand. The 'BET MAX' button automatically sets the machine to play five coins of your chosen coin value. Clicking on the 'BET MAX' button also automatically starts the next game. Each winning hand is highlighted according to the colour code of the win type in the paytable. The number of winning hands is shown to the left of each win type in the paytable. Click 'DEAL' to receive five main cards face-up. You now have a choice to hold one or more cards in your main hand. Clicking on a card will place a 'HOLD' symbol on that card, to remove the 'HOLD' symbol click on the card again. Each time you hold a card in your main hand, the same card is also held from its own deck in each of the 49 mini hands. After making your selection, click 'DRAW'. The cards that are not held will be replaced in each hand, leaving you with your final hand. Each hand will have cards replaced from its own deck of cards. Your win is based on the combination of the final set of cards in each hand and according to the paytable shown on either side of the main hand. Your winnings are shown as dollars and/or cents in the 'WIN' box at the bottom right of the game window. If a winning hand is achieved in any hand, you will be given the option to double your winnings. See below for more detail on 'doubling'. Your game balance shows the amount of funds you have available for the game, see below for more detail on 'REBUY' The default bet for the games after the first one you play is the same as the bet you placed in the previous game. You can then choose to increase or decrease your bet as you wish. Click on 'RULES' button on the bottom left of the game screen to view the game rules. Click on the 'GAMELOGS' button to view the logs of the games you played. Click on 'VERSION' to view the current version number of the game. Click on 'REBUY' to buy in more credits to the game balance from your account. To exit the game, click on 'EXIT GAME'. The game rules are identical in both real money and play money modes. top Features Doubling Rules The option to double is offered to you once you achieve a win. Click on the 'DOUBLE' button to activate this feature. Five new cards from a fresh deck will be dealt, with one card face-up. To double your winnings, simply choose from one of the remaining four face-down cards. If your chosen card is higher than the original face-up card, you double your winnings. If your chosen card is lower than the original face-up card, you lose your winnings. If your chosen card is the same as the original face-up card, the game is tied, and you have the option to either double again or collect your winnings. After each win in double you get the option to double again by clicking on 'DOUBLE', or to collect your winnings by clicking on 'COLLECT'. The doubling option is available only if the total win is 2,000 coins or less. If the total win exceeds 2,000 coins, no further 'DOUBLE' will be allowed and the game is exited automatically. Once the limit is reached, the doubling game will end, and you will be returned to the main game. top Paytable The 'paytable' lists the prizes for winning hands. Only the highest winning hand is paid in each hand. All prizes shown in the 'paytable' are shown in coins. The 'WIN' box at the bottom right of the game screen will show the total of all prizes paid in dollars and cents. Paytable based on One Coin played Poker hands Number of coins paid Description of hand Royal flush 250 (4,000 coin Jackpot with five coins played) A, K, Q, J, 10 of the same suit. Straight flush 50 Five cards of the same suit in sequence. Four of a kind 25 Four cards of the same rank. Full house 8 Three of a kind plus a pair. Flush 5 Five cards of the same suit. Straight 4 Five cards in sequence (Ace can be low or high). Three of a kind 3 Three cards of the same rank. Two pair 2 Two pairs each of different rank. Jacks or better 1 A pair of Jacks or better. top I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Gamelogs' button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected in the middle of the feature round, you will be prompted to complete it after logging back in. After completing the feature round, you can resume playing the same base game, or you can select another game of your choice. Malfunctions voids all pays and plays. top Last modification date: 3/29/2018