Jacks or Better Jacks or Better is played against the machine. The objective of the game is to obtain a five-card poker hand that contains at least a pair of Jacks or better, to the maximum of a Royal Flush. See the 'PAYTABLE' below for more details. You place a bet, and the machine deals you five cards. You then choose the cards you want to hold and the cards you want to discard. The machine replaces the cards you discard, leaving you with your final hand. You win according to the rank of your hand. If you achieve a win you will then have the opportunity to double your winnings, up to a maximum of 2,000 coins. top Information All suits (spades, hearts, diamonds, and clubs) have equal rank. The game is played with a single deck of 52 cards. The cards are shuffled at the start of every game. Only the highest winning hand will be paid. top How to play Bets are placed as coins in this game. The value of coins can be changed by clicking on up and down arrows on both sides of the 'COIN' symbol. The betting limits are shown on the game screen title bar. The total bet amount is shown in the 'BET' box at the bottom of the game screen. The value of coin you are playing is shown on the 'COIN' symbol. You can use the up and down arrows to change the coin value. The number of coins being played is shown in the 'COINS' box; you may play between one and five coins per hand. The coins can be increased by clicking on 'BET ONE' or by selecting the column in the paytable at the top of the screen. The number of coins being played is also indicated by highlighting the respective column in the paytable. The 'BET MAX' button automatically sets the machine to play five coins of your chosen coin value. Clicking on the 'BET MAX' button also automatically starts the next game. PAYTABLE - The machine pays out as per the 'PAYTABLE' shown at the top of the game screen. The prizes shown in the PAYTABLE are in coins and each column corresponds to the number of coins bet (one coin to five coins). The total win amount is the number of coins won multiplied by the coin value. The total win amount is shown in the 'WIN' box. Click 'DEAL' to receive five cards face-up. You now have a choice to hold one or more cards in your initial hand. Clicking on a card will place a 'HOLD' symbol on that card. To remove the 'HOLD' symbol, click on the card again. After making your selection, click 'DRAW'. The cards that are not held will be replaced, leaving you with your final hand. Your win is based on the combination of the final set of cards, according to the paytable shown at the top of the game screen. Your winnings are shown as dollars and cents in the 'WIN' box in the bottom right-hand corner of the game window. Your game balance is shown in the bottom left-hand corner of the game screen. See below for more details on 'REBUY'. The default bet for the next game is the same as the amount you bet in the previous one. You can choose to increase or decrease your bet as you wish. Click on the 'RULES' button in the bottom left-hand corner of the game screen to view the game rules. Click on the 'GAMELOGS' button to view the logs of the games you have played. Click on 'VERSION' to view the current version number of the game. Click on 'REBUY' to buy more credits into the game from your account. To exit the game, click on 'EXIT GAME'. top Features Doubling rules: The 'DOUBLE' option is offered after a win. Click on the 'DOUBLE' button to start this feature. Five new cards from a fresh deck will be dealt, with one card face-up. To double your winnings, simply choose from one of the remaining four face-down cards. If your chosen card is higher than the original face-up card, you double your winnings. If your chosen card is lower than the original face-up card, you lose your winnings. If your chosen card is the same as the original face-up card, the game is tied, and you have the option to either double again or collect your winnings. After each win in 'DOUBLE', you get the option to either double again by clicking on 'DOUBLE' or collect your winnings by clicking on 'COLLECT'. The doubling option is available only if the total win is 2,000 coins or less. If the total win exceeds 2,000 coins, no further 'DOUBLE' will be allowed and the game is exited automatically. Once the limit is reached, the doubling game will end and you will be returned to the main game. top Paytable The paytable lists the prizes for winning hands. Only the highest winning hand is paid. All prizes shown in the paytable are shown in coins. The 'WIN' box in the bottom right-hand corner of the game screen will show all prizes paid in dollars and cents. Paytable Based on One Coin Played Poker hands Number of coins paid Description of hand Royal Fush 250 (4,000 coin jackpot with five coins played) A, K, Q, J, 10 of the same suit Straight Flush 50 Five cards of the same suit in sequence Four of a Kind 25 Four cards of the same rank Full House 8 Three of a kind plus a pair Flush 5 Five cards of the same suit Straight 4 Five cards in sequence (Ace can be low or high) Three of a Kind 3 Three cards of the same rank Two Pair 2 Two pairs, each of different rank Jacks or Better 1 A pair of Jacks, or better top I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Gamelogs' button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected in the middle of the feature round, you will be prompted to complete it after logging back in. After completing the feature round, you can resume playing the same base game, or you can select another game of your choice. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. top Last modification date: 3/29/2018