Dragon's Hoard Dragon's Hoard is a five-reel, no paylines and 'allways' Gold Jackpot slot game with 243 possible ways to win in the game. All symbols pay from left to right in any consecutive combinations including reel 1 except the scattered Clo the dragon symbols which appear anywhere in view. The scattered Clo the dragon symbols do not have a payout, but 3 or more scattered Clo the dragon symbols appearing anywhere on the reels awards the Dragon's Hoard Free Spins feature, the player is required to choose one scattered Clo the dragon symbol which reveals the free spin count and multiplier value. The Dragon's Hoard Free Spins feature can retrigger more free spins. Gold Jackpot: The 'Gold Jackpot' consists of four jackpots at different levels, which are - from the lowest to the highest - Gold Blitz Jackpot, Gold Quick Jackpot, Gold Super Jackpot and Gold Mega Jackpot. All four jackpots grow progressively as bets are made. For each spin on any of the Gold Jackpot games, the house adds a small credit to the four running jackpots. All four levels of Gold Jackpot can be won irrespective of hitting any paying combination, while betting any amount. Jackpot is triggered randomly. The larger the bet, the more chance to win a jackpot. Free spins cannot trigger jackpots. If there is a jackpot which has triggered during the base game which also triggers Free Spins, then the jackpot feature is played and shown after the Dragon's Hoard Free spins feature play. Game Information: The Betting limits are shown on the game screen title bar. BETS amount can be changed by using the ◄ and ► buttons. SPIN begins the game with the currently selected BETS. Payouts are displayed on the PAYTABLE. The Dragon's Hoard logo wild symbol appears only in the base game on Reels 1, 2, 3, and 4 and substitutes for all other symbols and works only in conjunction with all other symbols, except the Scattered Clo the dragon symbol. All wins occur on Ways, except for scattered Clo the dragon symbols which appear anywhere in view. All coinciding Way wins on different reel positions are added to the total. Way wins are multiplied by total bet amount. Malfunctions Voids all Pays and Plays. How To Play: Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet is set. You can choose to increase or decrease the total bet by using the ◄ and ► buttons available to the left & right of the 'BETS' indicator on the game screen respectively. If your game balance drops below your total bet placed, bet will not get adjusted to the next possible bet instead Re-buy window will appear. If you have no funds in your account, the deposit option will pop up. Max Bet: To play with Maximum bet, click on 'MAX BET'. If your game balance is not sufficient, this option is disabled. The total bet amount is displayed in the 'TOTAL BET' meter, which is located at the bottom left of the game screen. RULES: Game rules can be viewed by clicking on RULES button which is located above the 'TOTAL BET' meter. Jackpot rules can be viewed by clicking on 'JACKPOT RULES' button in game rules screen. You can go back to the game by clicking on the 'BACK TO GAME' button. 'PAYTABLE': The 'PAYTABLE' can be viewed by clicking on the 'PAYTABLE' button located above the 'TOTAL BET' meter. Payouts are made according to the Paytable. To calculate the payout amount, multiply the respective prize with the total bet amount You can go back to the game by clicking on the 'BACK TO GAME' button. WIN AMOUNT CALCULATION: Winning symbol combinations may occur from left to right in all possible Ways on consecutive reels except Scatter symbol. Only the highest paying combination on each Way is paid which appears left to right on consecutive reels including reel 1 as per the game. E.g. If symbol 'A' appears on reels 1, 2, 3, 4 and 5 (positioned at 0, 1, 2, 3 and 4) respectively then the payout will happen for 5 'A' symbols only. The reel structure numbering for winning combinations in main game and Feature game is as below: 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 If two of the same symbols appear in reel 1, 2 and 3 of that symbol appears on reel 3 then, way win does not pay for 5 of those symbol combinations together. But it will pay for 3 separate Way wins using those 3 of the same symbols appearing on reel 3. E.g. If one symbol 'Q' lands on reel 1 and 2 and three symbols of 'Q' land on reel 3, then there will be three different Way wins for symbol 'Q'. Each way would be a win with three consecutive occurrences of symbol 'Q'. The reel position for the above way wins will be as below: 0,1,2 0,1,7 0,1,12 SPIN: Click on SPIN to start spinning the reels. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the reels, will be paid according to the Paytable. RESULT: If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a way win of 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols (starting from the left) then you win and receive a payout as defined in the paytable. Any symbols that form part of a win will be highlighted. Total win amount is shown in the ticker message area at bottom of the reels. Repeat Bet/Change Bet: If you have already bet, the settings selected will be automatically carried over to the subsequent spin if there is sufficient amount. Simply click on 'SPIN' to play with the same bet again. To change your bet, use the ◄ and ► buttons near the 'BETS' indicator as explained above. CREDITS: Your remaining game balance, after you have placed the desired bet, is shown in 'CREDITS' meter i.e. the current game balance minus the total bet placed. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed in the 'CREDITS' meter and the 'TOTAL BET' meter. The Dragon's Hoard Free spins feature: The Dragon's Hoard Free Spins feature is triggered when 3 or more Scattered Clo the dragon symbols appear anywhere on reels. When the player chooses one of the scattered Clo the dragon symbols, it reveals the number of free spins awarded and multiplier value. The Dragon's Hoard free Spins feature can retrigger more free spins. Once all the free spins are completed, normal game is restored. Jackpot feature game: The jackpot feature is triggered when you hit the jackpot. The main game screen will change, and the jackpot feature screen will open, allowing you to select six out of the nine available symbols to reveal the '$' signs, and see the level of jackpot awarded. When the jackpot feature game is completed, the main game screen is restored to its previous state. Your jackpot win will be credited to your Account balance immediately. If you hit multiple jackpots at the same time, the jackpot feature for each of the jackpots will be played consecutively. The current amount of all four jackpot levels is shown in the top right-hand corner of the game screen. Each jackpot is reset to its individual base value after any player hits that particular jackpot. The reset value of all the four jackpots is given below: Jackpot Level Reset Value Gold Mega Jackpot $500,000 USD or its equivalent amount in your currency Gold Super Jackpot $50,000 USD or its equivalent amount in your currency Gold Quick Jackpot $5,000 USD or its equivalent amount in your currency Gold Blitz Jackpot $500 USD or its equivalent amount in your currency 'AUTOSPIN': You can make use of this feature to choose amongst the various options for 'hands free' game play. Options available under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will automatically spin for the number of spins selected from the drop-down menu. You can choose any number of games and play until your balance is less than the total bet placed. Spin till win is equal to or exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount selected from the drop down menu. Spin till any win: The game will automatically spin until the next win. Spin till feature trigger: The game will automatically spin until the next feature is triggered. Spin till my balance exceeds or equals to: The game will automatically spin until the game balance is greater than or equal to the amount entered. Note that 'game balance' implies the sum of the amounts given under 'CREDITS' meter and 'TOTAL BET' meter. Spin till my balance falls below or equals to: The game will automatically spin until the game balance is less than or equal to the amount entered. Note that 'game balance' implies the sum of amounts given under 'CREDITS' meter and 'TOTAL BET' meter. Play faster: This option lets you play faster than usual by reducing the break time. You must choose at least one of the other available Autospin options to play with this option. To make use of the 'AUTOSPIN' feature, click on the 'AUTOSPIN' button available at the bottom of the game screen. On the screen that opens up, select the checkboxes against the option(s) of your choice. Select from th drop-down menu where ever applicable. If your current Game balance is not sufficient to support your choice of option(s), the 'BUY-IN' window pops up allowing you to buy-in more credits from your Account. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Similarly, click on 'CANCEL' to skip the 'AUTOSPIN' feature and get back to the game screen. When playing with multiple 'AUTOSPIN' options, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be ignored. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again, or choose new option(s), and proceed with the 'AUTO SPIN'. Click on 'STOPSPIN' button to deactivate AUTOSPIN. While AUTOSPIN is in progress, you can interrupt the game by clicking on the 'STOPSPIN' button. If spin is in progress, AUTOSPIN will be stopped after completing the current spin, otherwise AUTOSPIN is stopped immediately and normal game is restored. Please note: The 'AUTOSPIN' option is not available in play money mode. Click on 'GAME LOGS' to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on 'GAME RULES' to view the current version number & game rules of the game. Click on 'REBUY' to buy more credits into the game from your Account. Click on 'EXIT GAME' to leave the game and return to the Lobby. Click on 'QUICK DEPOSIT' button to deposit money into your Account. The 'GAME LOGS' and 'REBUY' functionality is applicable only for the real money game play. The game rules are identical in both real money and play money modes. The Dragons Hoard Free Spins Feature Game Play: The Dragon's Hoard Free Spins feature is triggered when 3 or more Scattered Clo the dragon symbols appear anywhere in view. Scatter symbols animate and waits for the player to select any of the scattered Clo the dragon symbols. Upon selection of a scattered Clo the dragon symbol, it will display the number of Free Spins and Multiplier won, while all other remaining scattered Clo the dragon symbols are revealed and greyed (but have not won) All the wins during free spins including the wins from the re-triggered spins are multiplied by the initially awarded free spins multiplier. The number of free spins and multiplier awarded are random. The initial number of free spins awarded with each trigger range from 6 to 30 and the multiplier awarded with each trigger ranges from 2 to 8. The Dragon's Hoard Free Spins feature can re-trigger more free spins. Free spins are re-triggered when 3 or more scattered Clo the dragon symbols appear anywhere in view during free spins and award random number of free spins (range from 6 to 30 but no additional multipliers) which will get added to the total free spins. Free spins are played at the same bet of the triggering spin. Feature wins are added to the game balance. Jackpot Feature Round: The jackpot feature round is triggered every time you hit a jackpot. Only real money bets contribute to the Jackpot. Play the jackpot feature to find out which level of Gold Jackpot you have won. Any bet is eligible for the jackpot. The larger your wager is on each game, the more chance you have of winning the jackpot. Free spins cannot trigger jackpots. Choose six out of the nine available symbols to reveal the '$' signs. Each '$' sign awards one level of the Gold Jackpot. One '$' sign awards Gold Blitz Jackpot. Two '$' signs awards the Gold Quick Jackpot. Three '$' signs awards the Gold Super Jackpot. Four '$' signs awards the Gold Mega Jackpot. Click on the 'COMPLETE' button to restore the main game screen. If you win multiple jackpots, the jackpot feature for the next jackpot will start after clicking the 'COMPLETE' button. Pay Table: Click on PAY TABLE button in the main game screen, game will navigate to Paytable screen. The theoretical return to player of this game is 90.08%. Game/Jackpot Rules Screen: Click on 'Rules' button in the main game screen, game will navigate to Rules screen. Click on 'Rules' button in the main game screen, game will navigate to Rules screen.Click on 'Jackpot Rules' button in the Rules screen, Rules screen will navigate to Jackpot Rules screen. Adding funds to your Account To add funds to your Account, click on 'DEPOSIT' in the 'Cashier' menu, then select the desired deposit option (Play Anywhere clients) or click on 'DEPOSIT' in the 'Cashier' option on left panel in Main Lobby, then select the desired deposit option (Download clients). You can also add funds to your account by clicking on 'REBUY' on the game screen and then clicking on 'Deposit Now'. The time taken to transfer funds and the fees charged will vary depending on which deposit option you choose. What do I do if I reach my betting limits? If your game balance drops below the minimum bet, Buy-In window will be automatically presented. To add funds to your Account, click on the 'DEPOSIT' option in the 'Cashier' menu in the Main Lobby (Play Anywhere clients) or click on 'DEPOSIT' in the 'Cashier' option on left panel in Main Lobby, then select the desired deposit option (Download clients), or click the 'Deposit Now' button in the 'Buy-In' window of any game. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game or jackpot feature game, the software will automatically complete the game for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game Logs' button once you have logged back in. If you get disconnected after triggering or in the middle of the Dragon's Hoard free Spins feature, on reconnection, the software will automatically start the feature round, if not already started, or resume from where it was disconnected. If player gets disconnected after triggering Free Spins and before selecting the scattered Clo the dragon symbols, after reconnection the player is allowed to select the scattered Clo the dragon symbols and continue the Free Spins feature game. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team. Last modification date: 11/3/2020