Duck Hunt Duck Hunt is a five-reel, sixty-pay line slot game with a Duck Hunt Free Spins feature game. When 3 or more scattered Duck symbols appear anywhere in view, it will turn all symbols in 3 horizontal rows into ducks and they will move in the direction in which they are facing. Cursor will turn into a cross hair and Player will then be prompted to shoot the ducks to reveal random number of free spins and free spin multipliers, until the player have no further shots. Once the shooting options are over, the free spins round will launch. In free spins, if one or more duck symbol appears in any of the three horizontal rows,, then it will turn the rest of the symbols of that particular horizontal row into ducks. The ducks will move along the direction in which they are facing and the player can shoot only one duck out of all horizontal rows to reveal a random number free spins(but no multipliers), which will get added to the total free spins. Game Information: Game is played with 60 variable lines. The Betting limits are shown on the game screen Title bar. Both bet and lines can be changed. All wins occur on selected pay lines except scattered duck symbol. All symbols pay from left to right, except the scattered Duck symbol which pays anywhere in view. SPIN begins the game with the currently selected BET and LINES. MAX BET selects maximum bet for 60 lines. Payouts are displayed on the PAYTABLE. Pay line wins are multiplied by the amount bet per line. Highest win amount is paid on each highlighted pay line. Coinciding wins on different highlighted lines are all added to your total. 3 or more scattered duck symbols appearing anywhere on the reels awards the Duck Hunt feature which awards free spins and multipliers. Free spins can trigger more free spins but additional multipliers will not be triggered. Duck Hunt free spins Feature cannot be triggered during free spins. Feature wins are added to the game balance. The Duck Hunt logo wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except the scattered duck symbol and works only in conjunction with all other symbols except scatter symbol. Wild symbol can appear only on reels 1,2,3,4. Wild symbol can also occur during free spins. Malfunctions Voids all Pays and Plays. top Duck Hunt Free Spins Bonus Feature Game: The Duck Hunt free spins feature will be triggered when 3 or more Scattered Duck symbols appear anywhere in view in the base game. When 3 or more scattered Duck symbols appear anywhere in view, it will turn all symbols in 3 horizontal rows into ducks and they will move in the direction in which they are facing. Cursor will turn into a cross hair and you will then be prompted to shoot the ducks to reveal free spins or multipliers, until you have no further shots. Once the shooting options are over, this will launch the free spins round. In free spins, if one or more duck symbol appears anywhere in any of the three horizontal rows, then it will turn the rest of the symbols of that particular horizontal row into ducks. The ducks will move along the direction in which they are facing and the player can shoot only one duck out of the respective horizontal rows to reveal a random number free spins(but not multipliers), which will get added to the total free spins. All the line wins during free spins including the wins from the re-triggered spins are multiplied by the initially awarded free spins multiplier. Free spins are played at the same bet of the triggering spin. After random shots awarded to the player are completed, all other remaining ducks are revealed and greyed (but not won). The initial number of free spins (for Duck Hunt free spins feature) awarded with each trigger range from 6 to 25 and the multiplier awarded with each trigger ranges from 2 to 8. Number of free spins awarded with each free spins re-trigger (during free spins) range from 1 to 10. top How To Play: Setting 'LINES': Sixty lines are selected by default. Lines can be changed by clicking ◄ and ► buttons available to the Left & Right of the 'LINES' indicator on the game screen. Selected lines are lit and unselected lines are not lit. Player can also select/deselect lines by clicking on the desired line number at the beginning or at the end of the lines. Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet is set for all 60 lines, resulting in a total bet. You can choose to increase or decrease the bet per line by using the ◄ and ► buttons available to the Left & Right of the 'BETS' indicator on the game screen respectively. If your game balance drops below your total bet placed, bet and lines will not get adjusted to the next possible bet instead Re-buy window will appear. If you have no funds in your account, the deposit option will pop up. The number of selected lines is multiplied by the 'bet per line', and the total bet amount is displayed in the 'TOTAL BET' meter, which is located at the bottom Left of the game screen. Max Bet: To play with max bet, click on 'MAX BET'. If your game balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled. RULES: To view the game rules click on RULES button which is located next to the TOTAL BET meter. You can go back to the game by clicking on the ‘BACK TO GAME’ button. 'PAYTABLE': The 'PAYTABLE' can be viewed by clicking on the 'PAYTABLE' button below the RULES button. To calculate the payout amount, multiply the respective prize with the bet per line. You can go back to the game by clicking on the ‘BACK TO GAME’ button. SPIN: Click on SPIN to start spinning the reels. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines, will be paid according to the pay table. Result: Any wins are indicated by their pay lines highlighted and symbols animating or, in the case of a scatter win, by their symbols animating. The individual pay line wins are shown at the end of each winning line. PAID: Any Line wins are shown in the ticker area under the five reels. Repeat Bet/Change Bet: If you have already bet, the settings selected will be automatically carried over to the subsequent spin if there is sufficient amount. Simply click on 'SPIN' to play with the same bet again. To change your bet, use the ◄ and ► buttons near the 'BETS' indicator as explained above. Credits: Your remaining game balance, after you have placed the desired bet, is shown in ‘CREDITS' meter. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed in the ‘CREDITS’ meter and the 'TOTAL BET' meter. 'AUTOSPIN': You can make use of this feature to choose amongst the various options for 'hands free' game play. Options available under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will automatically spin for the number of spins selected from the drop-down menu. You can choose any number of games and play until your balance is less than the total bet placed. Spin till win is equal to or exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount selected from the drop down menu. Spin till any win: The game will automatically spin until the next win. Spin till feature trigger: The game will automatically spin until the next feature is triggered. Spin till my balance exceeds or equals to: The game will automatically spin until the game balance is greater than or equal to the amount entered. Note that 'game balance' implies the sum of the amounts given under 'CREDITS' meter and 'TOTAL BET' meter. Spin till my balance falls below or equals to: The game will automatically spin until the game balance is less than or equal to the amount entered. Note that 'game balance' implies the sum of amounts given under 'CREDITS' meter and 'TOTAL BET' meter. Play faster: This option lets you play faster than usual by reducing the break time. You must choose at least one of the other available Auto spin options to play with this option. To make use of the ‘AUTOSPIN’ feature, click on the 'AUTOSPIN' button available at the bottom of the game screen. On the screen that opens up, select the checkboxes against the option(s) of your choice. Select from the drop-down menu where ever applicable. If your current Game balance is not sufficient to support your choice of option(s), the ‘BUY-IN’ window pops up allowing you to buy-in more credits from your Account. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Similarly, click on 'CANCEL' to skip the ‘AUTOSPIN’ feature and get back to the game screen. When playing with multiple 'AUTO SPIN' options, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be ignored. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again, or choose new option(s), and proceed with the 'AUTO SPIN'. Please note: The 'AUTOSPIN' option is not available in play money mode Click on 'STOPSPIN' button to deactivate AUTOSPIN. While AUTOSPIN is in progress, you can interrupt the game by clicking on the 'STOPSPIN' button. If spin is in progress, AUTOSPIN will be stopped after completing the current spin, otherwise AUTOSPIN is stopped immediately and normal game is restored. Click on 'GAME LOGS' to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on 'GAME RULES' to view the current version number & game rules of the game. Click on 'REBUY' to buy more credits into the game from your sportingbet.com Account. Click on 'EXIT GAME' to leave the game and return to the Lobby. Click on 'QUICK DEPOSIT' button to deposit money into your Account. The “GAME LOGS” and “REBUY” functionality is applicable only for the real money game play. The game rules are identical in both real money and play money modes. top Pay Table: Click on PAY TABLE button in the main game screen, game will navigate to Pay table screen. top Rules: Click on 'Rules' button in the main game screen, game will navigate to Rules screen. top Pay Lines: The theoretical return to player of this game is 95.05% Adding funds to your Account To add funds to your Account, click on 'DEPOSIT' in the 'Cashier' menu, then select the desired deposit option (Play Anywhere clients) or click on 'DEPOSIT' in the 'Cashier' option on left panel in Main Lobby, then select the desired deposit option (Download clients). You can also add funds to your account by clicking on 'REBUY' on the game screen and then clicking on 'DEPOSIT NOW'. The time taken to transfer funds and the fees charged will vary depending on which deposit option you choose. What do I do if I reach my betting limits? If your game balance drops below the minimum bet, Buy-In window will be automatically presented. To add funds to your Account, click on the 'DEPOSIT' option in the 'Cashier' menu in the Main Lobby (Play Anywhere clients) or click on 'DEPOSIT' in the 'Cashier' option on left panel in Main Lobby, then select the desired deposit option (Download clients), or click the 'DEPOSIT NOW' button in the 'Buy-In' window of any game. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete the game for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game Logs' button once you have logged back in. If player gets disconnected after triggering free spins feature and before shooting the ducks, after reconnection the player is allowed to shoot the ducks, continue the feature game. When there is a disconnection during the Free spins feature (after shooting the ducks), after reconnection the game will continue from where disconnection happened and the player is allowed to continue the Free spins feature. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 . Last modification date: 6/3/2020