Roman Gods - Book of Neptune Game Objective “Roman Gods -Book of Neptune” is a five-reel slot game with 10 paylines. The aim of the "Roman God- Book of Neptune" is to match three or more symbols from left to right along a winning line. To win, the symbols must lie next to each other on an active winning line without any other symbols coming between them. The Scatter symbol acts as a Wild, and substitutes for all other symbols. 3 or more scatter symbols trigger the bonus round and 10 free spins are awarded. Before a free spin sequence begins, an ordinary symbol is randomly chosen to act as a special expanding symbol during the entire free-spin sequence. The special symbol may expand to cover all three positions on its reel and result in a winning combination even when the symbols do not appear adjacent to each other. Free spins can be retriggered. Only the highest scatter win is paid. How to Play To start playing, you must initially determine the number of lines and the value of the coins to bet on each line. Select the token value by clicking on the "VALUE" buttons. The token amount can vary from a minimum of $ 0.01 up to a maximum of $1.00. A line is considered successful only if the winning combination occurs on one of the selected lines. You can also click "MAX BET" to place your maximum bet, which is 10 lines at $1 per line. To start the reels rotating you have to click on "SPIN" even if you choose to click on "MAX BET" . If, when they stop, the reels show a winning combination (along a winning line on which you have played), you will win an amount as set out in the payout table. If you win on multiple lines at once, your winnings will be accumulated. You can view the pay table, pay lines and bonus combination information at any time by clicking on "i". The winnings of each winning line are calculated by multiplying the share assigned to the winning combination (as in the pay-out table) by the amount played per line. The total win is given by the sum of the winnings of each winning line. For the calculation of bonus winnings see the "Bonus" paragraph. You will also have the "AUTOPLAY" mode available if you click on the "AUTOPLAY" button . This will allow you to activate (through the "AUTOPLAY TABLE” panel) the automatic rotation of the reels for a set number of times which you can decide. You can also decide to block this mode with the "stop" button. To start the reels rotating you have to click on "SPIN" (alternatively, press the spacebar of the keyboard). For mobile devices, the buttons "Max Bet" and "Value" are not available as displayed on desktop but the player can set them through this button . Main screen of the game Bonus stage The bonus phase can only be accessed if the Scatter symbol appears 3 or more times anywhere on the reels, as well as replacing any other symbol with the wild function. You will have 10 free spins and a special randomly chosen symbol that will appear anywhere on the reels as well as being expandable (Stacked). You will be able to get an additional 10 free spins with at least 3 Scatter symbols. Return to Player The game does not have a minimum guaranteed amount for prize money. The return to player percentage (RTP%) for a single bet, is calculated on a statistical basis and equal to 95.04%. Regardless of the bet amount, the maximum payout limit for each transaction is $25,000.00. Additional information Misuse or Malfunction of the slot voids All pays and plays. Last modification date: 2/9/2022