Railroad Operations Choosing the stake By pressing the button a pop-up is opened and the bet can be set. The selected bet is displayed on the button as well as under BETS and will be deducted from the DEPOSIT account by starting a game. By pressing the button the maximum bet is selected. The bet is displayed on the Bet button as well as under BETS and will be deducted from the DEPOSIT account by starting a game. Choosing the Number of Autostarts By pressing the button a pop-up is opened and the number of autostarts can be set. The selected number is displayed on the button. Additional Settings for Autostart If, apart from the number of autostarts, further settings are offered then all setting items marked with *) are mandatory and have to be completed. Starting the Game Single Start On pressing the Spin button the reels start to spin and a single game begins. Autostart On pressing the Autostart button the reels start to spin. The current number of games still to be played will be displayed left to the Autostart button. The games begin to start automatically, one after the other. Autostart is stopped by pressing the Stop button. The Reels Come to a Standstill The reels automatically stop one after the other from left to right. Calculating the Reel Positions Winnings are paid out according to the paytable. The paytable can be called up by pressing on the Paytable button. All win lines are individually calculated. Only the highest win per line counts. Wins on different lines, as well as Scatter wins, are added together to give the final result. On Winning On winning, apart from simply cashing in the winnings, there are two possibilities to gamble (the card gamble and the ladder gamble). The gamble function is not offered during autostart. Collect The Collect button cashes in your winnings. The winnings are booked to the WINS counter and then credited to the DEPOSIT account. Gamble The card gamble is chosen by pressing the Gamble button marked with the card symbols, and the ladder gamble is selected by pressing the Gamble button marked with a ladder symbol. Card Gamble With the card gamble you bet on the colour of the next card. You can bet on red or black with the corresponding buttons. If the colour of the card drawn matches your choice the winning is doubled resp. the TOP win is awarded. Selection of the black or red cards Ladder Gamble With the risk ladder gamble you touch on the 1:1 button, and either step up the ladder or land on a lower valued step. By pressing one gamble step is started. Collect Half By pressing the Collect Half button the stake for the card gamble will be halved or, in the case of the ladder gamble, lowered by one step, and the saved stake will be booked as winnings. Collect The Collect button cashes in your winnings. The winnings are booked to the WINS counter and then credited to the DEPOSIT account. General Functions Activating the Sound (only available for smartphone/tablet mode) The sound can be activated by pressing the corresponding button. Display of Additional Buttons (only available for smartphone/tablet mode) By pressing the corresponding button additional button are displayed or hidden. Paytable By pressing the button the paytable mode is activated and vice versa. Help By pressing the button the help screen mode is activated and vice versa. Full Screen (only available for desktop mode) By pressing the button the full screen mode is activated and vice versa. Left Hand - Right Hand (only available for smartphone/tablet mode) By pressing the button the hand side can be changed. Sound By pressing the button the sound is turned off/on (in smartphone/tablet mode) resp. the volume control is displayed (in desktop mode). Close By pressing the button the game is closed. Last modification date: 4/26/2017