Extra Wild The Game Return To Player (RTP) This game is regulated by THE ONLINE GAMBLING REGULATION ACT 2001 of the Isle of Man. The expected return to player (RTP) is 95,79%. This RTP represents the long term theoretical game payout. Slip into the role of the master thief and receive the treasures which the mysterious tresor hides. Extra Wild is a 5 reel game with 10 paylines. How To Play EXTRA WILD is a 5-reel game with 10 paylines. Stakes range from €0.10 to €10.00. Clicking on the SPIN button starts the game after deducting the stake. The AUTOSTART button (lower left-hand side) can automatically start games using the same stake. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Wins Each payline is calculated after the reels have come to a stop. All wins are paid in accordance with the pay table. All pays are for wins on lines played on consecutive reels read left to right, right to left, and in the middle. The highest win will be paid for each payline with exception of the wild symbol on the third reel (see below). Coinciding wins on different paylines are added together to give the final result. All wins and winning combinations are shown in the pay table. WILD-Symbol The wild symbol < SAFE > substitutes any symbol to create the highest win on a payline. All winnings with a substituting wild symbol are multiplied with the corresponding multiplier. Wins with the same wild symbol on different pay lines have the same multiplier. Different wild symbols may have different multipliers. If the wild symbol appears on the middle reel the wins will be calculated left to right and right to left. Operations Choosing the betting stake The stake per line can be set using the -/+ buttons on the stake coin (on the lower right-hand side of the screen); the maximum stake can be selected by using the MAX BET button. The total stake is deducted from the DEPOSIT account and displayed under BETS . Starting the Game Single Start On clicking the SPIN button the reels start to spin and a single game begins. AUTO START By clicking the AUTO START button the automatic start mode is called up. The games begin to start automatically, one after the other. AUTO START is stopped by clicking the button again. The number of games to be played using AUTO START can be set using the ◄/► buttons. The current number of games still to be played will be displayed between the ◄/► buttons. The Reels come to a standstill The reels automatically stop one after the other from left to right. Calculating the Reel Positions Winnings are paid out according to the pay table. The pay table can be called up by clicking on the PAYTABLE button. All pay-lines are individually calculated. Only the highest win per line counts. Wins on different lines are added together to give the final result. On Winning On winning, apart from simply cashing in the winnings, there are two possibilities to gamble (the card gamble and the ladder gamble). Gamble The card gamble is chosen by clicking the GAMBLE button marked with club symbol, and the ladder gamble is selected by clicking the GAMBLE button marked with a ladder symbol. Collect The COLLECT button cashes in your winnings. The winnings are booked to the WINS counter and then credited to the DEPOSIT account. Risk Possibilities Card Gamble With the card gamble you bet on the colour of the next card. You can bet on red or black with the corresponding buttons. Winnings are doubled if the colour of the card drawn matches your choice. This is possible until a maximum of € 140.00. Ladder Gamble With the risk ladder gamble you click on the GAMBLE button (with ladder symbol), and either step up the ladder or land on the ‘0’ step. This is possible until a maximum of € 140.00. Partial Collect By clicking the COLLECT HALF button the stake for the card gamble will be halved or, in the case of the ladder gamble, lowered by one step, and the saved stake will be booked as winnings. Collect The COLLECT button cashes in your winnings. The winnings are booked to the WINS counter and then credited to the DEPOSIT account. Pay Table By clicking on the PAYTABLE button the pay table is called up. Clicking the button again returns you back to the game. The pay table displays the winnings for the current stake. Buttons and functions Button Function SPIN Single game start AUTO START Activates Autostart AUTO START II Stops Autostart PAYTABLE Displays the pay table Buttons and functions: In general Button Function GAMBLE (mit ♣) Selects the card gamble GAMBLE (mit ) Selects the ladder gamble COLLECT Full collection of the winnings Buttons and functions: On Winning Button Function GAMBLE (mit ) Gambles on the next step COLLECT Full collection of the winnings COLLECT HALF Partial collection of the winnings Buttons and functions: In Ladder Gamble Button Function Red Card Selects the red card Black Card Selects the black card COLLECT Full collection of the winnings COLLECT HALF Partial collection of the winnings Buttons and functions: In Card Gamble Last modification date: 1/31/2017