221B Baker Street The Game Return To Player (RTP) This game is regulated by THE ONLINE GAMBLING REGULATION ACT 2001 of the Isle of Man. The expected return to player (RTP) is 96,00%. This RTP represents the long term theoretical game payout. Ride with us through the streets of London. The road opens into freegames and multipliers. Feel the suspence in the duel of the opponents. How To Play 221b BAKER STREET is a 5-reel game with 1, 5, 10, 15 or 20 selectable paylines. Stakes range from €0.01 to €40.00. Clicking on the SPIN button starts the game after deducting the stake. The AUTOSTART button (lower left-hand side) can automatically start games using the same stake. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Wins Each payline is calculated after the reels have come to a stop. All wins are paid in accordance with the pay table. All pays are for wins on lines played on consecutive reels read left to right. The highest win will be paid for each payline. Coinciding wins on different paylines are added together to give the final result. Up to 6, 14 or 20 freegames can be won with 3x, 4x or 5x . All wins and winning combinations are shown in the pay table WILD-Symbol The wildcard symbol substitutes for any symbol except the scatter symbols < MORIARTY > and < DUEL > to create the highest win on a payline.. Scatter-Symbol < MORIARTY > and < DUEL > are scatter symbols. If three < DUEL >s appear on the reels the DUEL BONUS is triggered and the player may choose between 3 and 5 times either to take the win displayed as the result of the duel or to start a new duel. Accepting the win ends the feature. If at least two < MORIARTY >s appear, a prize is also won. Scatter wins are paid in addition to other winning lines. Freegames Up to 6, 14 or 20 free games with a multiplier of up to x5 can be won with 3, 4 or 5 < BIG_BEN >s on a payline. Each free game carries a bonus of the original stake times the multiplier. In the case of two free games the lowest multiplier is at least 3 and in the case of three free games the lowest multiplier is at least 2. Stakes do not have to be paid for the free games. Your effective bet for these freegames is your actual bet when you won the free games. The resulting winnings will be shown in the pay table. Freegames are always played with 20 paylines. Additionally, all wins (except free games) are multiplied. Operations Choosing the betting stake The stake per line can be set using the -/+ buttons on the stake coin (on the lower right-hand side of the screen); the maximum stake (maximum bet per line, maximum lines) can be selected by using the MAX BET button. The total stake is deducted from the DEPOSIT account and displayed under BETS. Choosing the lines 1, 5, 10, 15 or 20 lines are selectable by using the -/+ buttons above the stake coin (on the lower right-hand side of the screen); using the MAX BET button all [10] lines are selected. Starting the Game Single Start On clicking the SPIN button the reels start to spin and a single game begins. AUTOSTART By clicking the AUTO START button the automatic start mode is called up. The games begin to start automatically, one after the other. AUTO START is stopped by clicking the button again. The number of games to be played using AUTO START can be set using the ◄/► buttons. The current number of games still to be played will be displayed between the ◄/► buttons. The Reels come to a standstill The reels automatically stop one after the other from left to right. Calculating the Reel Positions Winnings are paid out according to the pay table. The pay table can be called up by clicking on the PAYTABLE button. All pay-lines are individually calculated. Only the highest win per line counts. Wins on different lines, as well as Scatter wins, are added together to give the final result. On Winning On winning from €0.05 upwards, apart from simply cashing in the winnings, there are two possibilities to gamble (the card gamble and the ladder gamble). Gamble The card gamble is chosen by clicking the GAMBLE button marked with club symbol, and the ladder gamble is selected by clicking the GAMBLE button marked with a ladder symbol. Collect The COLLECT button cashes in your winnings. The winnings are booked to the WINS counter and then credited to the DEPOSIT account. Risk Possibilities Card Gamble With the card gamble you bet on the colour of the next card. You can bet on red or black with the corresponding buttons. Winnings are doubled if the colour of the card drawn matches your choice. This is possible until a maximum of € 140.00. Ladder Gamble With the risk ladder gamble you click on the GAMBLE button (with ladder symbol), and either step up the ladder or land on the ‘0’ step. This is possible until a maximum of € 140.00. Partial Collect By clicking the COLLECT HALF button the stake for the card gamble will be halved or, in the case of the ladder gamble, lowered by one step, and the saved stake will be booked as winnings. Collect The COLLECT button cashes in your winnings. The winnings are booked to the WINS counter and then credited to the DEPOSIT account. Pay Table By clicking on the PAYTABLE button the pay table is called up. Clicking the button again returns you back to the game. The pay table displays the winnings for the current stake. Buttons and functions Button Function SPIN Single game start AUTO START Activates Autostart AUTO START II Stops Autostart PAYTABLE Displays the pay table Buttons and functions: In general Button Function GAMBLE (mit ♣) Selects the card gamble GAMBLE (mit Selects the ladder gamble COLLECT Full collection of the winnings Buttons and functions: On Winning Button Function GAMBLE Gambles on the next step COLLECT Full collection of the winnings COLLECT HALF Partial collection of the winnings Buttons and functions: In Ladder Gamble Button Function Red Card Selects the red card Black Card Selects the black card COLLECT Full collection of the winnings COLLECT HALF Partial collection of the winnings Buttons and functions: In Card Gamble Last modification date: 1/31/2017