Knight’s Life The Game Return to Player (RTP) This game is regulated by THE ONLINE GAMBLING REGULATION ACT 2001 of the Isle of Man. The expected return to player (RTP) is 96.00%. This RTP represents the long term theoretical game payout. Do you hold up old virtues? Are honour, courage and chivalry important qualities for you? Then you are right. Be a brave man and belong to the victorious knights who dominate the freegames: Live a knight’s life . How To Play Knight's Life is a 5-reel/5-line game. Stakes range from €0.05 to €10.00. Clicking on the SPIN button starts the game after deducting the stake. The AUTOSTART button (lower left-hand side) can automatically start games using the same stake. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Wins There are a total of five paylines. Each payline is calculated after the reels have come to a stop. All wins are paid in accordance with the pay table. All pays are for wins on lines played on consecutive reels read left to right. The highest win will be paid for each payline. Coinciding wins on different paylines are added together to give the final result. All wins and winning combinations are shown in the pay table. WILDCARD Symbol The wildcard symbol ( MERLIN ) substitutes any symbol to create the highest win on a payline. If the wildcard symbol substitutes in a winning line the corresponding win will be doubled. Scatter Symbol HORSE is the scatter symbol. If three, four or five horses appear on the five reels the FREEGAME-FEATURE is triggered. Scatter wins are paid in addition to other winning lines. Free games There are three knights. In freegames these knights become step by step a wild symbol. Two horses give two FREEGAMES. Beginning in the 6th FREEGAME all wins are multiplied by 2, starting with the 11th FREEGAME all wins are multiplied by 3. Operation Choosing the betting stake The stake can be set using the -/+ buttons on the stake coin (on the lower right-hand side of the screen); the maximum stake can be selected by using the MAX BET button. Starting the Game Single Start On clicking the SPIN button the reels start to spin and a single game begins. AUTOSTART By clicking the AUTOSTART button the automatic start mode is called up. Click the button again to exit the AUTOSTART mode. The number of games to be played using Autoplay can be set using the -/+ buttons under the AUTOPLAY button. The current number of games still to be played will be displayed between the -/+ buttons. The Reels come to a standstill The reels automatically stop one after the other from left to right. Calculating the Reel Positions Winnings are paid out according to the pay table. The pay table can be called up by clicking on the PAYTABLE button. All paylines are individually calculated. Only the highest win per line counts. Wins on different lines, as well as Scatter wins, are added together to give the final result. On Winning On winning, apart from simply cashing in the winnings, there are two possibilities to gamble (the card gamble and the ladder gamble). Gamble The card gamble is chosen by clicking the GAMBLE button marked with clubs symbol and the ladder gamble is selected by clicking the GAMBLE button marked with ladder symbol. Collect The COLLECT button cashes in your winnings. The winnings are booked to the WINS counter and then credited to the DEPOSIT account. Risk Possibilities Card Gamble With the card gamble you bet on the colour of the next card. You can bet on red or black with the corresponding buttons. Winnings are doubled if the colour of the card drawn matches your choice. This is possible until a maximum of €140,00. Ladder Gamble With the risk ladder gamble you click on the GAMBLE button (with ladder symbol), and either step up the ladder or land on the ‘0' step. This is possible until a maximum of €140,00. Partial Collect By clicking the COLLECT HALF button the stake for the card gamble will be halved or, in the case of the ladder gamble, lowered by one step, and the saved stake will be booked as winnings. Collect The COLLECT button cashes in your winnings. The winnings are booked to the WINS counter and then credited to the DEPOSIT account. Paytable By clicking on the PAYTABLE button the pay table is called up. Clicking the button again returns you back to the game. The pay table displays the winnings for the current stake. Buttons and functions Buttons and functions: In General Buttons and functions: On Winning Buttons and functions: Ladder Gamble Buttons and functions: Card Gamble Last modification date: 1/31/2017