Jolly’s Cap The Game Return To Player (RTP) The expected return to player (RTP) is 96.40%. This RTP represents the long term theoretical game payout. How To Play JOLLY’S CAP is a 5-reel, 3-row game with 10 paylines. Stakes range from €0.10 to €20.00 (or currency equivalent). Clicking on the SPIN button starts the game after deducting the stake. The AUTOSTART button can automatically start games using the same stake. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Wins There are a total of 10 paylines. Each payline is calculated after the reels have come to a stop. All wins are paid in accordance with the pay table. All pays are for wins on lines played on consecutive reels read left to right. The highest win will be paid for each payline. Coinciding wins on different paylines are added together to give the final result. All wins and winning combinations are shown in the pay table. Feature CAP substitutes for all symbols and transforms up to 2 symbols into WILD. WILD WILD substitutes for all symbols. Operations Choosing the betting stake The stake per line can be set using the -/+ buttons on the stake coin; the maximum stake (maximum bet per line, maximum lines) can be selected by using the MAX BET button. The total stake is deducted from the DEPOSIT account and displayed under BETS . Choosing the lines Lines are not selectable in this game. Starting the Game Single Start On clicking the SPIN button the reels start to spin and a single game begins. AUTO START By clicking the AUTO START button the automatic start mode is called up. The games begin to start automatically, one after the other. AUTO START is stopped by clicking the button again. The number of games to be played using AUTO START can be set using the ◄/► buttons. The current number of games still to be played will be displayed between the ◄/► buttons. Calculating the Reel Positions Winnings are paid out according to the pay table. The pay table can be called up by clicking on the PAYTABLE button. All pay-lines are individually calculated. Only the highest win per line counts. Wins on different lines are added together to give the final result. On Winning On winning, apart from simply cashing in the winnings, there are two possibilities to gamble (the card gamble and the ladder gamble). Gamble The card gamble is chosen by clicking the GAMBLE button marked with club symbol, and the ladder gamble is selected by clicking the GAMBLE button marked with a ladder symbol. Collect The COLLECT button cashes in your winnings. The winnings are booked to the WINS counter and then credited to the DEPOSIT account. Risk Possibilities Card Gamble With the card gamble you bet on the colour of the next card. You can bet on red or black with the corresponding buttons. Winnings are doubled if the colour of the card drawn matches your choice. This is possible until a maximum of € 140.00 (or currency equivalent). Ladder Gamble With the risk ladder gamble you click on the GAMBLE button (with ladder symbol), and either step up the ladder or land on the ‘0’ step. This is possible until a maximum of € 140.00 (or currency equivalent). Partial Collect By clicking the COLLECT HALF button the stake for the card gamble will be halved or, in the case of the ladder gamble, lowered by one step, and the saved stake will be booked as winnings. Collect The COLLECT button cashes in your winnings. The winnings are booked to the WINS counter and then credited to the DEPOSIT account. Pay Table By clicking on the PAYTABLE button the pay table is called up. Clicking the button again returns you back to the game. The pay table displays the winnings for the current stake. Buttons and functions Button Function SPIN Single game start AUTO START Activates Autostart AUTO START II Stops Autostart PAYTABLE Displays the pay table Buttons and functions: In general Button Function GAMBLE (with ♣) Selects the card gamble GAMBLE (with ) Selects the ladder gamble COLLECT Full collection of the winnings Buttons and functions: On Winning Button Function GAMBLE (with ) Gambles on the next step COLLECT Full collection of the winnings COLLECT HALF Partial collection of the winnings Buttons and functions: In Ladder Gamble Button Function Red Card Selects the red card Black Card Selects the black card COLLECT Full collection of the winnings COLLECT HALF Partial collection of the winnings Buttons and functions: In Card Gamble Last modification date: 1/31/2017