Shining Crown Introduction Shining Crown video slot is a 5-reel, 10-line fixed game. The slot consists of 11 cards - 1 of which is Expanding Wild, and 2 are Scatters. All winning combinations are paid left to right, except for Scatters. How to Bet A wagering denomination (coin value) can be chosen by clicking any of the denomination buttons. Line bets are chosen by clicking any of the five bet buttons on the bottom of the screen. The amount displayed on each of the bet buttons is the total amount for all 10 lines, as the lines for this slot are fixed. When activating any of the bet buttons the player selects a bet and starts a game at the same time. Activation of those buttons is also possible by pressing „C“, „V“, „B“, „N“ and „M” buttons from the keyboard. Pressing „C“ button places the smallest bet, pressing „V“ button places next bet and so on. In case the Paytable is open, the amounts related to the chosen bet value are shown. If the player presses any of the remaining bet buttons, a bet selection is made alone and the relevant payouts are shown in the Paytable. Only upon second activation of the same button the game is started. When opening the game at first, the lowest bet button is always selected by default. If when activating a bet field there is a sum that was won, the animation of the increasing amount won in the “Win” field stops and the whole amount won is visualized. Gamble Feature In case of a winning, the player is given the option to access the Gamble round, by pressing the active button “Gamble”. Gamble feature activates when Gamble screen is open and the card in the middle of the screen is face down and flashes red and black. The label “Gamble Attempts Left” shows the number of trials the player has for this game. The label “Gamble Amount” shows the amount the player would like to double in the game Gamble. The label “Gamble to Win” shows the amount which a player could win if he/she guesses the color of the card. There are two buttons to select: “Red” and “Black”. Clicking the “Black” button is also possible by clicking the „⇨“ from the keyboard. Clicking the “Red” button is also possible by clicking the „⇦“ from the keyboard. When selecting "Black" or "Red", the card is moved up in the screen and is kept as history. Last five cards from the player's session are kept in the History section. If the player has guessed the color of the card, a new card appears in the middle of the screen face down and flashes red and black. This process continues until the player makes a wrong guess. The sum from field “Gamble Amount” is shown in the field “Win”. If the player wishes to end the game “Gamble”, he/she activates the button “Collect”. The screen closes and the amount from the field “Win” is transferred to the field “Balance”. If the player does not guess the color of the card, the game Gamble ends, and the player loses the amount. The screen closes up. The amount from the field “Win” is lost, and does not add up to the Balance. The maximum amount won that can be brought to the Gamble round is given in the Paytable. Game Controls Following fields appear on the screen of the Shining Crown slot: “Balance/Credit” – upon activation of this field, the player switches from credit to currency which he/she has chosen to play with. This is also valid when switching from currency to credit. The activation of this button is possible at all stages of the game; “Win” – this field displays the total amount won from the lines at one rotation of the reels. If, while the animation of the increasing amount goes, “Collect” button is activated, the animation stops and the amount won for this rotation of the reels is shown; “Last Win” – this field displays the last winning amount from the game; Win Line field – this field is located below the reels. It shows the line number, the winning combination and the amount the player won from that combination. Following buttons appear on the screen of the Shining Crown slot: Button Name Description Select When the button “Select” is activated, a bet selection is made. Start When activating button “Start”, the reels start turning and this button turns into “Stop All” button. If there was an amount previously won, it is automatically added to the player's balance. The Reels can also start rotating by activation of the “Space” button (from the keyboard). Stop All When the button “Stop All” is activated, the reels stop turning all at one time and the button changes to “Start” (if there is no winning combination), and “Collect” if there is a winning combination. The Reels can also stop rotating by activation of the “Space” button (from the keyboard). The reels can be stopped inpidually. While the reels are rotating, the player can click and stop each one of the reels, and then this particular reel stops simultaneously with the first one. Collect When activating “Collect” button, the animation of the increased winning stops and in the field “Win” the entire winning sum is shown, and the button gets status “Start”. The animation of the increased winning can also stop by activation of the “Space” button (from the keyboard). Gamble When activated it opens up the Gamble screen. Pressing the „⇦“ or „⇨“ buttons from the keyboard can also activate “Gamble”. Denomination Displays the value of one credit. Clicking this button is also possible by pressing „X“ button from the keyboard. This button is inactive while the reels are rotating, during Autoplay and Gamble mode. The selection of the specific value is also possible by pressing following buttons „C“, „V“, „B“ and „N“ from the keyboard. Pressing „C“ button selects the smallest denomination, pressing „V“ button selects next one and so on. If there is win amount, when changing the denomination this amount is added to the player’s balance and he/she cannot gamble this amount furthermore. Autoplay When “Autoplay” button is activated, the game goes into an Autoplay mode and the button appears as “Stop Auto”. This button is active only if the reels are not turning and the screen Gamble is not open. Activation of this button is also possible by pressing „Z“ button from the keyboard. Stop Auto When “Stop Auto” button is activated, the “Autoplay” game mode is stopped and the button appears as „Autoplay“. This button is active only when the game is in Autoplay mode. Activation of this button is also possible by pressing „Z“ button from the keyboard. Sound control Upon activation of the button, the sound of the game is switched on/off, depending on its preceding condition. Screen size control Upon activation of the button, the screen either expands or decreases its size, depending on its current state. Paytable When activated this button opens/closes the rules of this game. “Paytable” button is inactive when the reels are spinning and when the game is in Autoplay mode. Exit When activating this button, the player leaves the game. The button is inactive when the reels are spinning and when the game is in Gamble and Autoplay mode. In case a sum is won, during the activation of the button, the won amount is added to the player's balance and the game is closed. The player cannot gamble this last amount won furthermore. Activation of this button is also possible by pressing „,“ symbol from the keyboard. On the top of the game screen, the player can also see the number of the game and the local time according to his/her PC. Rules Payouts are displayed on the Paytable. Scatter awards are independent from payline awards and are also added to the total amount paid. Simultaneous wins on different paylines are added. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Jackpot Cards Bonus Jackpot Cards Mystery is a randomly triggered bonus while any Jackpot Cards stamped game is played. Jackpot Cards is a four-level mystery jackpot. Each mystery jackpot level is illustrated by a card suit: CLUBS - 1st level (the lowest jackpot value); DIAMONDS – 2nd level; HEARTS - 3rd level; SPADES - 4th and the highest level. Each Jackpot Cards mystery level value and currency is displayed on the right side of its corresponding card suit symbol. The jackpot levels contribution is a percentage of the player's bet. TRIGGERING The Jackpot Cards Mystery bonus can be randomly triggered after a single game is finished and all resulting winnings are collected. When the Jackpot Cards Mystery is triggered, the player is automatically guaranteed one of the mystery jackpot levels. Jackpot Cards Mystery plays on top of the base game and does not close it. Auto Play is automatically stopped when Jackpot Cards Mystery round is triggered. After it finishes, the control goes back to the game that has been played prior to the triggering of the Jackpot Cards Mystery bonus. RULES AND CONTROLS Once triggered, the player is taken to the Jackpot Cards bonus game where a pick field made up of 12 cards face-down is displayed. The player selects cards by left-mouse click until revealing 3 matching card suit symbols. The Jackpot Cards Mystery level corresponding to the revealed suit will be awarded. The bonus amount will correspond to the amount accumulated at the moment of revealing the last matching symbol. To be able to end the Jackpot Cards , the player will be invited to press on “Collect” button, thus adding the bonus game winnings to his/her total balance. The amount won in the Jackpot Cards Mystery round cannot be taken to the Gamble round. The player has a reasonable chance to win the highest level of the bonus game with any of the qualifying bets, every time he enters the Jackpot Cards bonus. However, the higher the qualifying bet in the base game, the higher the chance to enter the bonus and win any one of the mystery jackpot levels. Qualifying bets: 0.01 EUR - 1 000.00 EUR SLOW INTERNET CONNECTION AND DISCONNECTION A slow Internet connection could cause a delay and show outdated jackpot values. Jackpot Cards bonus supports recovery in case of disconnection. WINNERS If any of the jackpot mysteries is awarded, all the players that are playing Jackpot Cards stamped games will be notified that such event occurred on their screens. Game Interruptions Full Game Recovery In the event that the game is interrupted due to a loss of connection, next time when the player accesses the game, the unfinished game will be automatically resumed at the state it was interrupted at the time immediately before the interruption. Cancelation In case the game has been canceled independently from the player, the moment of the cancelation is considered to be the end of the game. Any funds accumulated will be automatically returned to the player. The average return to Player of the game is 96.37%. Last modification date: 5/6/2024