Virtual Roulette Introduction The game Virtual Roulette consists of a wheel with 37 slots (ball pockets) and a ball that can land with equal chance on any of those slots. The numbers on the wheel are alternatively colored red and black. In addition to the numbers 1 through 36, the wheel includes a green “0”. While the wheel is moving, the ball can land on any slot either black or red, with an even number or an odd one, or “0”. The Player can choose where to place a bet – either on a single number or a series of numbers, on any color and so on. The objective of Virtual Roulette is to make a correct guess about which slot the ball will land on. How to Bet The player should first select a chip. After that, the player must choose where to bet. It can be on a single number or several numbers. There is a large selection of bet combinations that pay differently in accordance with the game rules (see below). To start a game, the player should place the desired bet and click the ”Start” button. The ball is spun and when it eventually lands on a number, this number will be considered a winning one in the round. Depending on the bet type and the correctness of the prediction, the player will collect the winnings. Before pressing the “Start” button, the player can remove the current bet. Game Controls The following appears on the screen of the Virtual Roulette: Chip There are six chips with different bet values, from which the player can choose. By selecting any of the possible options, the player is activating the displayed value. The selected chip will be colored blue. By placing this chip on the playfield, the player can change the value of a bet. Start When this button is activated, the game will begin and the ball will start spinning. Double This button doubles the value of the current bet. Repeat The repeat button becomes available after the first game. Press this button to re‐place the bets from the previous game. Clear When activating this button once, it will delete the last placed chip on the playfield. When activated repeatedly, the button will remove the chips in a reverse order of their placement. With a quick double click all current bets will be removed from the playfield. Collect When activating the “Collect” button, the entire winning sum is transferred from the field “Win” to the current balance. Sound Upon activation of the button, the sound of the game is switched on/off, depending on its preceding condition. Help When this button is activated, a help window – this one – will be opened. Exit When activating this button, the player leaves the game. Min/Max bet on number This field shows the settings for minimum and maximum bet on a number. Min/Max bet in game This field shows the settings for minimum and maximum bet for the table. Max Win Maximum win according to the bet. Last Bet Displays the bet from the previous game. Last Win Displays the win from the previous game. Denomination This field shows the value of one credit in the selected currency. Last Numbers In this line, from left to right, the last numbers that came out in their order of appearance are shown, with the last drawn number more enlarged. By selecting any of these numbers the players can recover the bet from the game in which the number was drawn. Screen size control Upon activation of the button, the screen either expands or decreases its size, depending on its current state. The player can also see the number of the game and the local time, located in the right part of the message field. Rules There are 3 rows and 12 columns in the Virtual Roulette game. The slot numbered “0” is situated at the very beginning of the number field. All bets are divided in two main categories: inside and outside. Inside bets are the bets on numbers, while outside bets can be placed on black or red, odd or even, 1st, 2nd or 3rd dozen and a set of certain numbers. The former can be placed on the numbers and lines that separate them, while the latter are generally placed on the slots that do not refer to the numbered area of the table. Inside Bet Name Payout One number or Straight up This is a bet that covers only one number and the player can place it on any single number as well as on 0. 35:1 Two numbers or Split The player can bet on two numbers which are adjacent on the table either vertically or horizontally and place the bet on the line between the two numbers. 17:1 Three numbers or Street The bet covers three numbers that go in a sequence. The player can also bet on the following groups: 0, 1 and 2 or 0, 2 and 3. 11:1 Four numbers or Corner This bet covers any 4 numbers that form a square. In order to make that bet, the player must put the chip on the common corner of the four numbers. The player can also bet on the following: 0, 1, 2 and 3. 8:1 Six numbers or Line bet This bet covers 6 numbers and the player can place a bet on two adjoining streets. 5:1 Outside Bet Name Payout Column This bet covers 12 numbers. In this case the player bets on the 12 numbers in any of the three horizontal lines. 2:1 Dozen This bet covers 12 numbers. The player bets on one of three groups of 12 numbers and can place a bet on the boxes marked 1st, 2nd or 3rd. 2:1 Low/High This bet covers 18 numbers. The bet is not placed on 0 as it is not considered either high or low. The player can bet on the first 18 (low) or the last 18 (high) numbers and place a bet on the outside boxes marked 1-18 or 19-36 correspondingly. 1:1 Even/ODD The player can place a bet on whether the winning number will be odd or even by selecting the respective ODD or EVEN box. “0” is neither odd nor an even number. 1:1 Red/Black The player can place a bet on the box with a red or black diamond and thus bet on the color of the winning number that will be displayed on the wheel. “0” is considered neither a red nor a black number. 1:1 The player can place bets called ‘announces’ on the stadium, located above the table. Stadium numbers repeat the numbers of the wheel and every sector refers to the particular bet combination that can be placed on it. Announces Bet Name Payout Zero Spiel Numbers closest to zero. The bet consists of four chips - three chips are placed on splits and one chip - straight-up. Equivalent to the bets made. Split – 17:1 and Straight – 35:1 Big Series Seventeen numbers which lie between 22 and 25 on the wheel including 22 and 25 themselves. Equivalent to the bets made. Street – 11:1, Split – 17:1 and Corner – 8:1 Orphaline Five chips are bet on four splits and a straight-up. Equivalent to the bets made Split – 17:1 and Straight – 35:1 Small Series The twelve numbers which lie on the opposite side of the wheel between 27 and 33 including 27 and 33 themselves. 6 chips are placed on 6 splits. Equivalent to Split bet – 17:1 Neighbors Through this button the player can choose the neighboring numbers of a selected number from the wheel (those adjacent on either side of the selected number from the wheel), and a bet will be placed automatically on those neighboring numbers. Equivalent to Straight bet – 35:1 Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Jackpot Cards Bonus Jackpot Cards Mystery is a randomly triggered bonus while any Jackpot Cards stamped game is played. Jackpot Cards is a four-level mystery jackpot. Each mystery jackpot level is illustrated by a card suit: CLUBS - 1st level (the lowest jackpot value); DIAMONDS – 2nd level; HEARTS - 3rd level; SPADES - 4th and the highest level. Each Jackpot Cards mystery level value and currency is displayed on the right side of its corresponding card suit symbol. The jackpot levels contribution is a percentage of the player's bet. TRIGGERING The Jackpot Cards Mystery bonus can be randomly triggered after a single game is finished and all resulting winnings are collected. When the Jackpot Cards Mystery is triggered, the player is automatically guaranteed one of the mystery jackpot levels. Jackpot Cards Mystery plays on top of the base game and does not close it. After it finishes, the control goes back to the game that has been played prior to the triggering of the Jackpot Cards Mystery bonus. RULES AND CONTROLS Once triggered, the player is taken to the Jackpot Cards bonus game where a pick field made up of 12 cards face-down is displayed. The player selects cards until revealing 3 matching card suit symbols. The Jackpot Cards Mystery level corresponding to the revealed suit will be awarded. The bonus amount will correspond to the amount accumulated at the moment of revealing the last matching symbol. To be able to end the Jackpot Cards , the player will be invited to press on “Collect” button, thus adding the bonus game winnings to his/her total balance. The player has a reasonable chance to win the highest level of the bonus game with any of the qualifying bets, every time he enters the Jackpot Cards bonus. However, the higher the qualifying bet in the base game, the higher the chance to enter the bonus and win any one of the mystery jackpot levels. Qualifying bets: 0.01 EUR - 1 000.00 EUR SLOW INTERNET CONNECTION AND DISCONNECTION A slow Internet connection could cause a delay and show outdated jackpot values. Jackpot Cards bonus supports recovery in case of disconnection. WINNERS If any of the jackpot mysteries is awarded, all the players that are playing Jackpot Cards stamped games will be notified that such event occurred on their screens. Game Interruptions Full Game Recovery In the event that the game is interrupted due to a loss of connection, next time when the player accesses the game, the unfinished game will be automatically resumed at the state it was interrupted at the time immediately before the interruption. Cancelation In case the game has been canceled independently from the player, the moment of the cancelation is considered to be the end of the game. Any funds accumulated will be automatically returned to the player. Last modification date: 1/7/2020