Emerald Isle Game Objective: Emerald Isle Slot is a five-reel, twenty-line slot game with a 'free spin' feature that awards additional spins, and a 'bonus game' feature that gives you the chance to win extra prizes. The game also features a wild symbol, the Leprechaun symbol. The Leprechaun symbol appears on reels one to five and substitutes for all symbols other than the scattered Rainbow. When Leprechaun symbol appears anywhere on reel 1 and 5 the 'Bonus game' is triggered. Three or more scattered Rainbow symbols on adjacent reels from left to right, including reel 1, on consecutive reels triggers the 'free spin' feature. top Game Information The minimum bet amount is EUR 0.01 and the maximum bet amount is EUR 500 . You can bet on up to twenty lines. The paylines are shown under the Paylines section located on the right area of the Paytable (Help) screen. top How to play: Setting 'LINES': Twenty lines are selected by default. Lines can be changed by clicking ▲ and ▼ arrow button available to the right side of the 'LINES' indicator on the game screen respectively. Player can select/deselect lines by clicking on desired line number at the end of lines. Selected lines are lit, and unselected lines are not lit. Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet of EUR 0.10 per line is set for all 20 lines, resulting in a total bet of EUR 2. You can choose to increase or decrease the bet per line by using the ▲ and ▼ arrows available beside the 'BET' indicator. If your game balance is less than EUR 2, the system will automatically adjust the bet to the next highest possible amount. Max Bet: To play with 20 lines and EUR 25 bet per line, click on 'BETMAX'. If your game balance is not sufficient, this option is disabled. The number of selected lines is multiplied by the 'bet per line', and the total bet amount is displayed under the 'TOTAL BET' meter, which is located at the bottom right of the game screen. 'PAYTABLE': The 'PAYTABLE' can be viewed by clicking on the 'PAYTABLE' button located on the bottom left of the main console screen. To calculate the payout amount, multiply the respective prize with the bet per line. Note that to calculate the payout for scattered Rainbow symbol, multiply the respective prize with the total bet. You can go back to the game by clicking on the 'GAME' button. RULES: In PAYTABLE screen, on selection of RULES button game rules screen will be displayed. SPIN: Click on SPIN to start spinning the reels. Player can also spin the reels by clicking Space bar on the keyboard After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines, or any scatter wins, will be paid according to the pay table. Result:. Any wins are indicated by their paylines highlighted and symbols animating or, in the case of a scatter win, by their symbols animating. The total win amount in the free games feature is shown in the top ticker area as a message. The win amounts in each round of bonus are shown at the top ticker area as a message as well as in PAID meter. The consolidated wins in all the rounds of Bonus are shown in a separate screen as well as in PIAD meter after Bonus round is completed. The individual line wins are shown at the end of each winning line. Free Spin Feature Game: A 'Free spin' feature is triggered when three or more Scattered Rainbow symbols occurring from left to right, including reel 1. Ten free games are awarded, during which all prizes are tripled. Free spin feature is played at the lines and bet of the trigger game. The Bonus game: The Bonus game is awarded when Leprechaun appears anywhere on Reel 1 and Reel5. Payouts are calculated and awarded for the base game. The game screen will change, and the 'bonus round' feature game screen will open up. The Bonus game is played at the lines and bet of the triggering game. The Bonus game prizes are multiplied by the total bet. On completion of the 'bonus round' feature, the main game screen is restored. The Bonus wins are added to payline and scatter wins. Continue Button: A Continue button will be presented during the Free spin feature. This button allows the player to bypass the display of winning paylines and associated symbol animations and continues to next free spin game. The keyboard shortcut for the Continue button is the spacebar. Repeat Bet/Change Bet: If you have already bet, the settings selected will be automatically carried over to the subsequent spin. Simply click on 'SPIN' to play with the same bet again. To change your bet, use the Up-arrow and Down-arrow buttons near the 'BET' or 'LINES' indicators as explained above. Credits: Your remaining game balance, after you have placed the desired bet, is shown under 'CREDIT'. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the 'CREDIT' meter and the 'TOTAL BET' meter. 'AUTOPLAY': You can make use of this feature to choose 'hands free' game play for selected number of spins. To increase or decrease the auto spin count choose Left (-) and Right (+) arrows displayed in the bottom left of the game screen. Maximum number of Auto Play games can be selected is 99. Click on 'SPIN' to activate the selected option and start the spins. Click on 'STOP' to deactivate the AUTOPLAY options. While 'AUTO PLAY’ is in progress you can interrupt the game by clicking on the 'STOP' button. If spin is in progress, 'AUTO PLAY' will be stopped after completing the current spin other wise 'AUTO PLAY' is stopped immediately and normal game is restored. Click on 'GAME LOGS' to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on 'VERSION' to view the current version number of the game. Click on 'REBUY' to buy more credits into the game from your bwin account. Click on 'EXIT GAME' to leave the game and return to the lobby. The game rules are identical in both real money and play money modes. top Game rules: Play 1 to 20 lines LINES can be changed by using the ▲ and ▼ arrows BET amount can be changed by using the ▲ and ▼ arrows SPIN begins the game with the current BET and LINES BET MAX selects 20 lines and maximum bet per line. Payouts are displayed on the PAYTABLE All wins occur on selected pay lines, except for Scattered Rainbow. Payline wins are multiplied by the amount bet per line Highest win amount is paid on each selected payline Scatter wins are multiplied by total bet and added to payline wins Feature wins are added to scatter and payline wins Win combinations pay from left to right including Scattered Rainbow which pays anywhere from left to right Leprechaun appears on any of the Reels and substitutes for all symbols except Scattered Rainbow Malfunctions Voids all Pays and Plays. Coinciding wins on different lit lines are all added to your total. top Free Spin feature game play: A Free games feature is triggered when 3 or more Scattered Rainbow occurs from Left to Right anywhere 10 free games are awarded, during which all prizes are tripled except the Bonus game prizes, which are not tripled during free spins. Free games feature is re-triggerable i.e. free spins can earn more free spins when 3 or more Scattered Rainbow occurs from Left to Right anywhere on the reels. Additional 10 free spins are added to the free spins remaining Multiplier doesn't change if free spins re-triggered. Free Games are played at the lines and bet of the trigger game. Free Game wins are added to payline and scatter wins. top Bonus Game Play: The Bonus Round is awarded when Leprechaun appears anywhere on Reels 1 and 5 at the same time Up to 3 Bonus Rounds are won. Bonus game is played at the total bet of the trigger game During a round match any 3 of the same symbol – Leprechaun, Girl, Pot of Gold, 4 Leaf Clover or Rainbow and win the prizes as mentioned below. As soon as player match any 3 of the same symbol, the rest of the remaining symbols are revealed automatically.. Successful completion of each round will award one the following prizes: Leprechaun -100 X Total bet Girl - 25 X Total bet Pot of Gold - 10 X Total bet 4 Leaf Clover - 5 X Total bet Rainbow - 2 X Total bet Consolation prize - 1 X total bet - A consolation prize equal to the total bet is awarded when no matches are made. The Bonus Round can be won during the free games feature when Leprechaun appears anywhere on Reels 1 and 5 at the same time Bonus Round wins are added to payline and scatter wins. top Paytable: Click on PAYTABLE button in the main game, game will navigate to Paytable screen The theoretical return to player of this game is 94.50% I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete the game for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game Logs' button once you have logged back in. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team. If you are disconnected after triggering or in the middle of the free games feature, on reconnection, the software will automatically start the free games feature, if not already started, or resume from where it was disconnected. After completing the free games feature, you can resume playing the same game, or you can select another game of your choice. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. top Last modification date: 1/31/2017