European Roulette Pro European Roulette Pro is played using a wheel containing 37 numbered slots (1-36, plus a 0), a ball and a layout upon which the player may place a bet or bets covering a single number or groups of numbers. The ball is spun around the wheel and will come to rest in one of the numbered slots, indicating the winning number. The player wins by correctly guessing which number will win, and is paid in accordance with the paytable given below, based on how many chips they have covering all or part of the winning number. top Game overview: The minimum bet is EUR 0.1 . --> The game rules and payouts are identical in both the real-money and play-money versions. top Game Options: Click on Options to bring up the following list: Color Scheme : Use this option to choose the color of the table (Green, Red, Blue, and Purple). Quality Setting : Use this option to choose the table quality view (Low, Medium and High). top How to play: Select the amount you want to wager by clicking on the chip of that denomination. The selected chip will animate. Possible chip denominations are 0.1, 0.5, 1, 5, 25, 100, 500, 1K and 5K. After selecting the chip, place your bets by clicking on the desired betting spots on the main betting area or the Racetrack Betting Area. When clicked on Racetrack Button, racetrack slide will open. Racetrack bet area can slide in and out as required You can place racetrack-style bets in the Racetrack Betting Area. All bets placed in the racetrack area are actually placed on the Main Betting Area. You can place bets on a type of bet within the posted maximum bet for that bet type. Neighbour bet: When a bet is placed on a number, the number and the two numbers on either side are selected. These five numbers together constitute the neighbour bet. All possible bet types are defined in paytable section. You may place as many bets as you like, within the posted maximum table limit. Min and Max for main bet types will be displayed when mouse over on MIN MAX text at the top right of game screen. To remove a chip from the table, hold down the shift key and click on a placed bet. Information on your available game balance and total amount bet is shown in the bottom left-hand side of the game screen. Clicking on 'Double Bet' option doubles the value of all placed bets - one unit at a time, until max bet type and table limit is reached. If the double action requires more money than is available in your game balance, then the value of bets placed is increased to the limit of your balance, with the bets spread as evenly as possible across the numbers you have covered. Once you have finished placing your bets, spin the wheel by clicking on the 'Spin' button. When the ball comes to rest, a marker is placed on the winning number and all bets are removed. When you hit the 'Spin' button, ball spinning will be displayed on the wheel displayed on the top of screen. The win amount is calculated as per the paytable given below, and your winnings are shown under PAID Field. This win amount is added to the game balance. After the ball stops the number will be displayed on the top left hand corner of the spinning wheel screen. The numbers which called in the last 15 games are shown in the column on the right of the screen, with the most recent outcome given at the top of the list. After the game finishes, the default chip size for the new game remains the same as your previous bet. If you want to place a new bet, click on the desired betting spots and place the bets. To repeat the same bet, click the 'Rebet' and 'Spin' buttons. Credit meter shows the amount of funds you have left to use in the game. If your game balance drops below your total bet placed, Re-buy window will appear. Rebuy amount equal or greater than the total bet placed to enable Rebet and Spin button. If your account balance is 0 then the deposit option will pop-up. Click on the 'Rules' button on the bottom right of the game screen to view the game rules. Click on the 'Game logs' button to view the logs of the games you played. Click on 'Version' to view the current version number of the game. Click on 'Rebuy' to buy more credits into the game balance from your Account. TURBO ON/OFF: By default the game will be in TURBO OFF mode. Click on ON to turn off the animation. To exit the game, click the X button in the upper right-hand corner. Click on 'QUICK DEPOSIT' button to deposit money into your Borgata Online account. top Other Functions To clear all bets on the table, click the Clear All button. To undo the last bet made, click the Undo button. Click on Redo button to undo the last Undo action. Redo undoes the last Undo action. To remove a chip from a spot, you may press the SHIFT and left clicking the mouse. To double all your bets placed, click the Double button. Turbo function can be used to control the speed of the action. Player can straightway spin the wheel with the same bet by clicking on REBET&SPIN button after the game is finished. top Save bet layout Click the required Layout number button, it will overwrite all bets with the saved to the Roulette table. There are 8 Save Bet buttons, with 8 Bet Layout buttons associated. Click exactly on Save text of any number to save the bet layout after placing the required bet on the table. Player can choose any number up to 8 for saving the bet layouts. To use the saved bets press on the numbered button with saved bets. If a player place bets on the table and hover on the saved numbered buttons then the bets placed will hide and view of the chips with saved layout will display. On pressing the save numbered button previously placed bets will be cleared and the ones in the saved layout are placed on the table. There is no option to delete the saved bet layout, but player can overwrite a layout that is already saved. Follow the below steps to overwrite a saved layout. Place the required bets on the table. Hover on the Saved bet number. A view of the saved bet layout will display. Now click on "SAVE" text on the number. Old bets will be overwritten with the new bets placed. top Statistics window Game Statistics enables you to view information about the details of previous results for the player. Stats window display the last 200 previous results for the player. Results for 50 games are randomly generated and will be used as players starting data. Statistics window hold details of these bets: Red/0/Black, Odd/Even, Dozens and Column Each bet type is displayed as a percentage and a multi colored bar showing the portion of each bet. Any stat which is zero is still shown, just as 0%, and will not show within the colored bar. The player can place bets by clicking on any of the bet and chips placed are shown on the main table. Bet Description Pay out Straight up bet A bet placed directly on any single number. 35:1 Split bet A bet placed between any two adjacent numbers by placing the chip on the line between the two numbers 17:1 Street bet A bet placed at the end of any row of numbers, covering three numbers. Bets placed on ‘0, 1, 2’, ‘0, 2, 3’ are also considered to be street bets. 11:1 Corner bet or square bet or quarter bet A bet placed on the corner where any four numbers meet. Covers all four numbers. A bet placed on ‘0, 1, 2, 3’ is also considered to be a corner bet. 8:1 Line bet A bet placed at the end of two streets, on the line between them. A line bet covers all the numbers in either street, for a total of six. 5:1 Dozen bet A bet placed in one of the boxes marked ‘1st 12’, ‘2nd 12’ or ‘3rd 12’, which each cover 12 numbers. 2:1 Column bet A bet placed in one of the boxes marked ‘2 to 1’ at the bottom of the layout, each covering 12 numbers per column. 2:1 Adjacent dozen bet A bet placed on the line between any two adjacent boxes marked '1st 12', '2nd 12' or '3rd 12', covering 12 numbers of each. 0.5:1 Adjacent column bet A bet placed on the line between any two columns marked '2 to 1' at the bottom of the layout, covering 12 numbers of each. 0.5:1 Red/black, even/odd, 1-18/19-36 A bet placed in one of the four boxes at the sides of the layout covers half of the numbers on the board, as described in that box. The 0 is not covered by any of these boxes. Each box covers 18 numbers. 1:1 Red/black, even/odd, 1-18/19-36, and the ball falls in the 0 slot. A bet placed in one of the four boxes at the sides of the layout covers half of the numbers on the board, as described in that box. The 0 is not covered by any of these boxes. Each box covers 18 numbers. Half the bet is returned. Bet Description TIER This bet type places split bets on 5/8, 10/11, 13/16, 23/24, 27/30 and 33/36. ORPHELINS Split bets placed on 31/34, 17/20, 14/17, 6/9 and a straight bet placed on number 1 together constitute the Orphelins bet. VOISIN DE ZERO This bet type places split bets on 32/35, 19/22, 18/21, 12/15, 4/7, 2 chips on a street bet 0, 2 and 3, and 2 chips on corner bet 25/26/28/29. The theoretical return to player of this game is 97.30% I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of your game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game logs' button once you have logged back in. If you still face any problems, please contact our Customer Care Team. Malfunctions voids all pays and plays top Last modification date: 8/23/2023