European Roulette Classic Objective Your objective is to accurately guess the outcome of the roulette spin (whether the right number or the right group) The Game Roulette is played using a wheel with 37 numbered slots (1-36, plus a 0), a ball and a layout upon which the player may place bets covering a single number or groups of numbers. After the player places his bets, the ball is spun around the wheel and will come to rest in one of the numbered slots, indicating the winning number/ group. Game Information: The game rules and pay outs are identical in both the real-money and play-money versions. Game Options: Sound on or off How to play: Select the amount you want to wager by clicking on the chip of that denomination. The selected chip will be raised. All possible bet types are defined in Paytable section. You may place as many bets as you like, within the maximum table limit. To remove a chip from the table, click UNDO or CLEAR . Information on your available game balance and total amount bet is shown. Once you have finished placing your bets, spin the wheel by clicking on the ‘ROLL’ button. When the ball comes to rest, the winning number is highlighted on the table. When you hit the ROLL button, the ball will spin on the wheel displayed at the top of the screen. The win amount is calculated as per the Paytable given below, and your winnings are shown in a Win meter which comes up when there is a win. This win amount is added to the game balance. After the ball stops the number will be displayed over the spinning wheel. The last 9 winning numbers are shown in the left of the screen, with the most recent outcomes to the left. After the game finishes, the default chip size for the new game remains the same as your previous bet. If you want to place a new bet, click on the desired betting spots and place the bets. To repeat the same bet, click the REBET button. Double your bet by clicking on DOUBLE button. The credit meter to the right of the “ +” sign shows the amount of funds you have left to use in the game. If your game balance is not enough for playing the game, the error message will appear and user will be able to deposit money by pressing on Deposit button. Click on the '?' button on the top left of the game screen to view the game rules. To exit the game (go to the lobby) click on logo located on the top left of the game screen. To deposit money into your Account click on your balance that is located at the right top corner of the screen. Malfunctions voids all pays and plays. Statistics window: Game Statistics enable you to view your previous results. The stats window displays your last 9 results. The statistics window indicates red results with numbers in red square, black results with numbers in black square and result of 0 in green square. Game History: Detailed gameplay history can be accessed by logging into your account on the desktop website and choosing menu “Game Logs” under My Casino on the Casino Tab. Paytable: Bet Description Pay out Straight A bet placed directly on any single number. 35:1 Split A bet between any two adjacent numbers by placing the chip on the line between them. 17:1 Street A bet placed at the end of any row of numbers, covering three numbers. Basket Bets placed on ‘0, 1, 2’, ‘0, 2, 3’ are also considered to be street bets. 11:1 Corner bet or square bet or quarter bet A bet placed on the corner where any four numbers meet covers all four numbers. 8:1 Topline A bet placed between the adjacent streets of 'zero' and ‘1’. This bet covers five numbers: 0,1, 2, and 3. 8:1 Line A bet placed at the end of two streets, on the line between them. A line bet covers all six numbers in the streets. 5:1 Dozen A bet placed in one of the boxes marked ‘1st 12’, ‘2nd 12’ or ‘3rd 12’, which each cover 12 numbers. 2:1 Column A bet placed in one of the boxes marked ‘2 to 1’ at the bottom of the layout, each covering 12 numbers per column. 2:1 Red Black Even Odd 1-18 19-36 A bet placed in one of the six boxes at the sides of the layout covers half of the nonzero numbers on the board, as described in that box. The 0 and 00 are not covered by any of these boxes. Each box covers 18 numbers. 1:1 The theoretical return to player of this game is at least 97.30%. Adding Funds to your Account You can also bring more money from your account to the game balance by clicking on it. To add funds to your account, click on Deposit then select the desired deposit option. The time taken to transfer funds and the fees charged will vary depending on which deposit option you choose. Funds can only be added at the beginning of a new game. What do I do if I reach my betting limits? To add funds to your account, click on your balance that is located at the right top corner of the screen. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If your game is disconnected during play your game can be restored when you connect back again. If you still face any problems, please contact our Customer Care Team.