European Roulette Game objective: European Roulette is played using a wheel containing 37 numbered slots (1-36, plus a 0), a ball and a layout upon which the player may place a bet or bets covering a single number or groups of numbers. The ball is spun around the wheel and will come to rest in one of the numbered slots, indicating the winning number. The player wins by correctly guessing which number will win, and is paid in accordance with the paytable given below, based on how many chips they have covering all or part of the winning number. top Game overview: The minimum bet is EUR 1.0 and the maximum is EUR 500.0. This maximum is a table limit. --> The game rules and payouts are identical in both the real-money and play-money versions. top How to play: After selecting the chip, place your bets by clicking on the desired betting spots on the main betting area or the Racetrack Betting Area. You can place racetrack-style bets in the Racetrack Betting Area on the right side of the screen. All bets placed in the racetrack area are actually placed on the Main Betting Area. You may place as many bets as you like, within the posted maximum table limit. To remove a chip from the table, hold down the shift key and click on a placed bet. Information on your available game balance and total amount bet is show in the bottom left-hand side of the game screen. Clicking on 'Double Bet' option doubles the value of all placed bets - one unit at a time, until the table limit is reached. If the double action requires more money than is available in your game balance, then the value of bets placed is increased to the limit of your balance, with the bets spread as evenly as possible across the numbers you have covered. Once you have finished placing your bets, spin the wheel by clicking on the 'Spin' button. When the ball comes to rest, a marker is placed on the winning number and all losing bets are removed. When you hit the 'Spin' button, the spinning wheel is zoomed in on. The win amount is calculated as per the paytable given below, and your winnings are shown under Last Win. This win amount is added to the game balance. The numbers which won the last 11 games are shown in the column on the right of the screen, with the most recent outcome given at the top of the list. After the game finishes, the default chip size for the new game remains the same as your previous bet. If you want to place a new bet, click 'Clear' to remove all the chips from the table. To repeat the same bet, click the 'Rebet' and 'Spin' buttons. Your game balance shows the amount of funds you have left to use in the game. See below for more details about rebuying chips. If your game balance falls below that of the last bet placed, the system prompts you to either choose a lower bet level or click on the ‘Rebuy’ button to add more funds to the table. Click on the 'Rules' button on the bottom left of the game screen to view the game rules. Click on the ‘Gamelogs’ button to view the logs of the games you played. Click on ‘Version’ to view the current version number of the game. Click on ‘Rebuy’ to buy more credits into the game balance from your sportingbet.com account. To exit the game, click on ‘Exit Game’. top Paytable: Inside bets Bet Description Pay out Straight up bet A bet placed directly on any single number. 35:1 Split bet A bet placed between any two adjacent numbers by placing the chip on the line between the two numbers 17:1 Street bet A bet placed at the end of any row of numbers, covering three numbers. Bets placed on ‘0, 1, 2’, ‘0, 2, 3’ are also considered to be street bets. 11:1 Corner bet or square bet or quarter bet A bet placed on the corner where any four numbers meet. Covers all four numbers. A bet placed on ‘0, 1, 2, 3’ is also considered to be a corner bet. 8:1 Line bet A bet placed at the end of two streets, on the line between them. A line bet covers all the numbers in either street, for a total of six. 5:1 Outside bets Bet Description Pay out Dozen bet A bet placed in one of the boxes marked ‘1st 12’, ‘2nd 12’ or ‘3rd 12’, which each cover 12 numbers. 2:1 Column bet A bet placed in one of the boxes marked ‘2 to 1’ at the bottom of the layout, each covering 12 numbers per column. 2:1 Adjacent dozen bet A bet placed on the line between any two adjacent boxes marked '1st 12', '2nd 12' or '3rd 12', covering 12 numbers of each. 0.5:1 Adjacent column bet A bet placed on the line between any two columns marked '2 to 1' at the bottom of the layout, covering 12 numbers of each. 0.5:1 Red/black, even/odd, 1-18/19-36 A bet placed in one of the four boxes at the sides of the layout covers half of the numbers on the board, as described in that box. The 0 is not covered by any of theses boxes. Each box covers 18 numbers. 1:1 Red/black, even/odd, 1-18/19-36, and the ball falls in the 0 slot. A bet placed in one of the four boxes at the sides of the layout covers half of the numbers on the board, as described in that box. The 0 is not covered by any of theses boxes. Each box covers 18 numbers. Half the bet is returned. Racetrack Bets Bet Description Series 5/8 This bet type places split bets on 5/8, 10/11, 13/16, 23/24,27/30 and 33/36. Orphelins Split bets placed on 31/34, 17/20, 14/17,6/9 and a straight bet placed on number 1 together constitute the orphelins bet. Series 0/2/3 This bet type places split bets on 32/35, 25/28, 26/29, 19/22, 18/21, 12/15, 4/7 and a street bet on 0, 2 and 3. Zero bet This bet type can be used to place split bets on 0/3, 12/15, 32/35 and straight bet on number 26. Neighbour bet When a bet is placed on a number, the number and the two numbers on either side are selected. These five numbers together constitute the neighbour bet. The theoretical return to player of this game is 97.3% I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of your game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Gamelogs' button once you have logged back in. You can also find out the result from your sportingbet.com account balance. Malfunctions voids all pays and plays top Last modification date: 3/29/2018