The Price is Right Gold Blitz Ultimate About this Game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Way Rules This game includes 6400 ways. A way is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other in this pattern. Way wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the ways played. The bet multiplier is 10. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the way cost of 10. Payout Rules Way win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The total payout is the sum of all way wins and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. If multiple winning combinations land on a single way, only the highest win is awarded. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Land a Collect Symbol to trigger the Collect Feature Each Collect Symbol awards all landed Cash and Jackpot symbols Each Jackpot can be awarded multiple times in the same spin The Collect Symbol appears on reels 1 and 6 in base game and Free Spins Bonus Cash and Jackpot symbols appear on all reels in base game and in the Free Spins Bonus Cash and Jackpot Symbol values are multiplied by the total bet Cash Symbol values range from 0.5x to 20x Jackpot Symbol values range from 10x to 2 500x Cash and Jackpot values scale with bet changes Cash Multiplier Cash Multiplier Increase Symbol Land a Cash Multiplier Increase Symbol to increase the Cash Multiplier. Each Cash Multiplier Increase Symbol that lands increases the Cash Multiplier by 1x. The Cash Multiplier increases up to 5x in the base game and 10x in the Free Spins Bonus. The Cash Multiplier applies to all Cash Symbols collected by a Collect Symbol. The Cash Multiplier Increase Symbol appears on reels 2 - 5. The Cash Multiplier resets to 1x after cash collection has completed in the base game, if a Free Spins Bonus has not been triggered. When triggering the Free Spins Bonus, the Cash Multiplier persists and becomes the starting multiplier for the feature. The Cash Multiplier does not reset during the Free Spins Bonus feature. The Cash Multiplier does not reset during Respins. The Cash Multiplier resets to 1x upon return to the base game.Bonus Collect Meter Fill the Bonus Meter to trigger the Choose Your Blitz Free Spins Bonus. Increment the meter by landing 2 Scatter Symbols on reels 2, 3, or 4, without triggering the Free Spins Bonus. Instantly fill the meter by landing 3 or 4 Scatter Symbols in the base game. The Bonus Collect Meter randomly resets to 5%, 10%, or 15% full upon completion of the Free Spins Bonus and return to the base game. Scatter Symbol 3 or more Scatter symbols landing anywhere on the reels award the Choose Your Blitz Free Spins Bonus. Fill the Bonus Collect Meter or land 3 Scatters to select from the 3 Scatter Free Spins Bonus options: 8 Free Spins with 60 Cash and Jackpot Symbols per reel. 12 Free Spins with 40 Cash and Jackpot Symbols per reel. 15 Free Spins with 20 Cash and Jackpot Symbols per reel. Land 4 Scatters to select from the 4 Scatter Free Spins Bonus feature options: 12 Free Spins with 60 Cash and Jackpot Symbols per reel. 15 Free Spins with 40 Cash and Jackpot Symbols per reel. 20 Free Spins with 20 Cash and Jackpot Symbols per reel. Retrigger Symbol The Collect Retrigger Symbol awards all landed Cash and Jackpot Symbols and 1 additional Free Spins Bonus spin. The Retrigger Symbol awards 1 additional Free Spins Bonus spin. The Collect Retrigger and the Retrigger Symbols are available on reel 6. Only Collect, Collect Retrigger, Retrigger, Cash Multiplier Increase, Cash and Jackpot Symbols appear in the Free Spins Bonus feature. All other reel positions are blank. All Collect Retrigger and Collect symbol payouts appear combined in the win payout shown below the reels and in Game History. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered the feature. Respin Feature 1 free respin is awarded when Collect symbols land on reels 1 and 6, no Cash or Jackpot symbols land, and the Choose Your Blitz Free Spins Bonus is not triggered. Reels 1 and 6 lock, and reels 2 - 5 respin with only Cash and Jackpot symbols and blank positions. 1 or more Cash or Jackpot symbols are guaranteed to land. Up to 2 additional respins can be randomly awarded. The Cash Multiplier is applied to all Cash symbols that land during respins. The Cash Multiplier may randomly increase by 1x or 2x at the start of any respin, or increase to 10x in any final respin in the base game. The increased Cash Multiplier applies for all respins until the feature completes. The Cash Multiplier resets to 1x when all respins are completed in the base game. Any way wins are paid out before the feature begins. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. All wins are awarded once the feature is complete. Wild Symbols Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wild symbols substitutes for all symbols except Scatter, Cash Multiplier Increase, Cash, Jackpot, and Collect Symbols. Wild symbols appear in the base game only. This symbol does not have a payout. Blitz Boost™ Purchase one of the Blitz Boost™ options to increase the frequency of Collect Symbols that land. Activate to double the frequency of Collect Symbols landing, or guarantee a Collect Symbol lands on every spin. Once activated, the Blitz Boost™ price increases the bet per spin until you deactivate it. Blitz Boost™ applies to the Free Spins Bonus if Blitz Boost™ is already activated when the feature is triggered. Features are purchased at the prices displayed. This feature may not be available above a certain bet threshold. Bonus Buy Use the Bonus Buy to purchase Free Spin and multiplier options. The Bonus Buy feature options available are: Purchase the 3 Scatter Free Spins Bonus options or the 4 Scatter Free Spins Bonus options. Add a starting 1x - 5x Cash Multiplier to the purchased bonus. Activate or deactivate the Blitz Boost™ feature options. Features are purchased at the prices displayed. Free Spins are played at the current bet. This feature is available in base game only. Bonus Buy or some Bonus Buy options may not be available above a certain bet threshold. The Cash Multiplier does not reset when purchasing the Bonus Buy and returns to the accrued multiplier at the end of the Bonus Buy. The Bonus Collect Meter does not reset when purchasing the Bonus Buy and returns to the accrued Bonus level at the end of the Bonus Buy. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. This feature is available in the base game only. Triggering the Free Spin feature will stop Autoplay. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. A bet amount must be set before starting the Autoplay session, as Autoplay plays with the last bet value. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Select the stop button to stop the current reel spin. This can also be done by selecting the reels. This does not influence the results of the spin. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Bet Decrease button: Decreases the current bet. Bet Increase button: Increases the current bet. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. AutoPlay Stop button: Displays the number of spins remaining and can stop the session. This does not influence the results of the spin. Sound toggle: Enables/disables game sounds. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Quickspin button: Disables Quickspin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Turbo Spin button: Enables Turbo Spin to resolve spins at the fastest speed. This does not influence the results of the spin. Spacebar: Holding this keyboard button starts Turbo Spin. This does not influence the result of the spin. Spin Button: Holding this button on mobile starts Turbo Spin. This does not influence the result of the spin. Video button: Displays In-game information. Exit button: Exits the game. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Return button: Returns to the game. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Help button: Displays help and additional information. Game History button: Displays game win history information. Banking button: Displays the banking page. Lobby button: Exits the game. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Discard Game Settings The Settings panel provides access to multiple game settings. Balance: Displays the current balances. The balance is displayed in currency and is available in the console bar. Credits: Displays the current balances. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Bet Amount: Sets the current bet value. Bet Value buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Win: Displays the most recent win. Once the reels stop, winning combinations are highlighted. The win amount is displayed in the win box. Music: Enables game music. All Sounds setting controls all sounds, including game and background sounds. Game Sounds setting controls console and spin sounds, as well as sounds for winning combinations and sequences. (Only enabled if All Sounds is ON.) Background Music setting controls background music. (Only enabled if All Sounds is ON.) Buy Feature button: Displays the option to purchase the Bonus Buy feature. The spin button can be repositioned by selecting it and choosing a preferred position. Bet Settings Bet Value buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Max Bet button: Sets the current bet to the maximum value. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of additional game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired, the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. This feature is only available in selected games. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. RTP: 94% Last modification date: 9/30/2025