Avalon III About this Game This is a 5 reel 4 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the paylines played. Payline Rules A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. The number of paylines played is fixed. This game includes 20 paylines. Payout Rules Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins resulting from a spin. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. Wild Symbols Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Jackpot Orbs, Free Spin Orbs, Magic Orbs, Magic Orb Multipliers and coin values. Wild symbols appear on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 in base game and Free Spins. Wilds can be stacked in the base game and Free Spins. Special Symbols Special symbols offer additional chances to win on any spin that does not trigger the Magic Orbs Feature, Bonus Feature or Free Spins. Any combination of special symbols on 3 or more adjacent reels, beginning with the first slot reel, awards the associated prizes. Special symbols that can award prizes include any combination of coin prizes, Mini, Minor and Midi Jackpot prizes and Magic Orb multipliers. Jackpot Orbs and Free Spin Orbs transform into Wild Orb symbols and enable payouts to complete. Magic Orbs do not transform into Wild Orb Symbols but enable payouts to complete. Jackpot Orbs, Free Spin Orbs and Wild Orbs do not have their own payout prizes. Wild Orb symbols do not substitute to complete payline wins. Special symbols can pay out concurrently with payline wins. Magic Orbs Feature Collect Magic Orb symbols to increase the Magic Orb count by 1. Magic Orb symbols only appear on reel 3 in the base game and Free Spins. The feature can trigger randomly on any collection of a Magic Orb. During this feature, random cash and Mini, Minor or Midi jackpot prizes are added to the reels. Coin values range from 0.5x to 6x your bet. The total number of cash and jackpot prizes added to the reels is equal to the number of Magic Orbs collected. A minimum of 5 Magic Orbs are awarded, up to a maximum of 50. Cash and jackpot prizes added to the reels are awarded immediately. A 2x or 3x multiplier can be applied to the total Magic Orbs win when the associated symbol lands on the reels and the feature is triggered. Once the Magic Orbs feature is awarded, the collection resets to 5 in the base game. If Magic Orbs is triggered during Free Spins, the collection does not reset and continues to accumulate for the duration of the Free Spins. Magic Orb wins are displayed separately in Game History. Free Spins Collect Free Spins Orb symbols for a chance to trigger the Free Spins feature. 8 Free Spins are awarded. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Free Spins play out automatically. Landing a Free Spins Orb during Free Spins adds an additional 3 free spins to the count. On entry into Free Spins, the Magic Orbs count starts at 5. If the Magic Orbs feature is triggered during Free Spins, the collection does not reset. This symbol appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. Bonus Feature There are Mini, Minor, Midi, Maxi and Mega Jackpot prizes available. Collect Jackpot Orbs symbols to increase either the Mega or Maxi jackpot amount. The Mega jackpot can award prizes from 1000x to 5000x the total bet. The Maxi jackpot can award prizes from 100x to 1000x the total bet. The Midi jackpot awards 40x the total bet. The Minor jackpot awards 15x the total bet. The Mini jackpot awards 8x the total bet. Jackpot Orb symbols only appear on reel 2, 3 and 4 in the base game and free spins. The feature can trigger randomly on any collection of a Jackpot Orb. During this feature, select coins to match 3 Jackpot prizes and award that jackpot. Jackpot prizes may display a multiplier. Multipliers are applied to the Jackpot amount, if that Jackpot is won. If triggered from the Free Spins feature, the Jackpot Bonus plays before returning to the Free Spins. Jackpot values persist for each bet level. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Jackpot Orb wins are displayed separately in Game History. Buy Feature Activating this feature will instantly trigger the Free Spins feature. 8 Free spins are awarded. The cost of the feature is a multiple of the current bet size, and is displayed in the game. The feature is played at the current bet. This feature is available in the base game only. This feature may not be available above a certain bet threshold. This feature may not be available in all regions. Features available in free spins will trigger at a higher rate when purchasing free spins. Coin orbs may display higher values when purchasing free spins. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. This feature is available in the base game only. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Game Controls Credits: Displays the current balances. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Buy button: Allows the Free Spins feature to be purchased for a set cost. Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Win History button: Displays the Top Wins and Recent Wins for the game. Sound On button: Enables sounds. Sound Off button: Disables sounds. Media button: Display additional in-game media content. X button: Exits the game. Game Menu Menu button: Displays additional game options. Lobby button: Exits the game. Banking button: Displays the banking page. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Bet Settings Max Bet button: Sets the current bet to the maximum value. Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. Game Settings Quickspin: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Sounds: Enables game sounds. SPACE to Spin: Enables spacebar keyboard input to initiate a spin. Tap Reels to Spin: Enables the option to tap anywhere on the reels to initiate a spin. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of additional game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired, the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. RTP - 94.3% Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Last modification date: 12/2/2025