Reel Gems Reel Gems Regular symbols Wild symbol Scatter symbol Free Spins bonus game Respin feature Playing the game AutoPlay, Options and Statistics Reel Gems About Reel Gems Reel Gems is a five reel and two hundred and fifty coin slot machine. Regular and special symbols Regular symbols Wild symbol Scatter symbol Bonus features and games Free Spins bonus game Respin feature Game play and advanced features Playing the game Free Games [top] Regular symbols Regular symbols are all symbols on the reels that do not have a bonus feature but complete regular winning combinations on enabled pay ways. Regular symbol rules: Matching symbols must be next to each other on an enabled pay way. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. Regular payouts depend on the number of coins you bet per spin. For each spin, the bet amount you choose is automatically multiplied by the bet multiplier. [top] Wild symbol The Reel Gems symbol is a wild symbol. Wild symbol substitution rules: This symbol only appears on reels 2 and 4. This symbol does not substitute for the scatter symbol. Does not create its own winning combination. Only one winning combination is paid out per pay way. If there is more than one possible winning combination on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. [top] Scatter symbol The Diamond Ring symbol is a scatter symbol. Scatter symbol rules: This symbol completes a winning scatter combination when two or more appear on the reels. This symbol cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. Scatter payouts depend on your total bet. Scatter wins are added to regular wins. If you have a scatter win and a regular win, you are paid out for both wins, as the scatter symbol does not need to appear on consecutive reels to win. Three or more Diamond Ring symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Free Spins bonus game. [top] Free Spins bonus game Three or more Diamond Ring symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Free Spins bonus game. Free Spins bonus game rules: You are awarded fifteen free spins. All wins are tripled during the free spins. The last bet you placed in the game is used as the free spins bet amount. The Free Spins bonus game can be re-activated during the free spins. So, if three or more Diamond Ring symbols are scattered on the reels during the free spins, you are awarded additional free spins. The extra free spins are added to the remaining number of free spins. The Respin feature is not available during free spins. Winnings are automatically collected during the bonus game. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. [top] Respin feature The Respin feature enables you to respin a reel, while holding the other reels. Feature rules: You can respin a reel at the end of any spin for an additional cost. The cost is calculated in credits. The cost of a respin is calculated separately for each reel. The cost per respin does not indicate a greater or lesser chance of winning. Changing the coin size affects the calculation of the respin cost. So, if you change your coin size after a spin, the Respin feature is disabled until you spin again. You can respin a reel multiple times. You are only paid out for new winning combinations that are formed as a result of a respin. The Respin feature is not available during free spins and AutoPlay. [top] Playing the game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form a winning combination on the pay way. In this game: All 243 pay ways are permanently enabled. All pay ways are permanently enabled for every spin, so you cannot select or de- select pay ways. All bet amounts are automatically multiplied by a 25 bet multiplier. So, if you bet 1 coin, you are betting 1 coin x 25 = 25 total coins bet per spin. For each spin, the bet amount you choose is automatically multiplied by the bet multiplier. You can bet up to 10 coins per spin. All payout tables display the number of coins that are won for each combination. All payout table win amounts in PlayCheck are displayed in coins. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size you select. Only one winning combination is paid out per pay way. If there is more than one possible winning combination on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. If winning symbol combinations are displayed on multiple pay ways, you are paid out for each combination. What do you want to do? Place a bet and play 1. Select your bet amount. How? Click Coin Size (+) or (-) to select the coin size you want to bet. Click Coins to select the number of coins you want to bet. Click Bet Max to bet the maximum number of coins permitted per spin. 2. Click Spin . If you have a winning combination lined up on the pay way, the win is highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. [top] AutoPlay, Options and Statistics You can change options and view statistics for games using the Options or Statistics buttons. You can also spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game, using AutoPlay or AutoSpin. In some games AutoPlay is available in Expert mode only. What do you want to do? Learn about AutoPlay options AutoPlay options differ between games. Your game may not have all of these options. AutoPlay Options Number of spins Set the number of times the slot reels spins during your A utoPlay session. Number of seconds between spins Set the delay between AutoPlay spins. Until stop Continue Autoplay until you click the Stop button. Stop if a winexceeds or equals Stop spins if the number of credits won on any spin exceeds or equals the amount selected. Stop once all spins are complete Stop after playing the number of reel spins selected. Stop when jackpot is won Stop spins if the Jackpot is won. Stop on any win Stop the session if you win on a spin Stop if credits increase by Stop the session if the number of credits increases by the amount selected. Stop if credits decrease by Stop the session if the number of credits decreases by the amount selected. Stop on a feature Stops if Free Spins or another bonus feature is triggered. Start AutoPlay without showing this dialog Start future sessions without viewing the AutoPlay settings, using your saved settings or the default settings. Turn on Expert mode 1. Click Expert . The Expert mode features are activated, such as AutoPlay. Play an AutoPlay session 1. Select a bet amount. You must select a bet amount before you start the AutoPlay session, as AutoPlay plays with the last bet value. 2. If the game has Expert mode, click Expert . 3. Click AutoPlay . In some games you cannot set the number of spins to play in the AutoPlay session, so clicking this button starts AutoPlay that continues until you click Stop . In other games this button enables you to choose the number of spins you want to play and your stop options. Once you have configured these options, click Start to begin your AutoPlay session. Learn about game options Game options differ between games. Your game may not have all of these options. Quick Spin Increases the speed of the Slot reel spin so your results are displayed quicker. Quick Spin in Free Spins Increases the speed of the Slot reel spin so your results are displayed quicker Switch off Gamble feature Disables the Gamble feature during the Slot game Allow Gamble Enables the Gamble feature during the Slot game. Sound Settings Displays the sound options. Switch off Cinematic Spins Plays a selection of video clips in the background during reel spins. Graphics Displays the game graphics with basic or enhanced effects. High quality effects Plays the game with or without high quality effects. Hide Respin Cost Shows or hides the respin cost when you position your mouse pointer over a Respin button. Reel Stopping Order Displays the reel stopping order options. Balance, Bet and Win Values Displays these values for the game you are playing, in coins or credits. Enable 3D Stereo Enables you to toggle between 3D mode and Standard mode Edit Avatar You can add an Avatar image, or edit an existing Avatar image Change game options. Click O ptions . Choose the required settings. Click O K . Learn about game statistics Spin Results Displays the number of spins played during the current game session, the length of your game session, and the average number of spins per hour Highest Wins Displays the highest three win amounts during the current game session. View game Statistics Statistics only apply to the current game session. When you exit the game, the statistics reset to zero. Click Statistics (%) . View your current Game Play Statistics. Click O K . The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 11/12/2020