Geese with Attitude About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Malfunction voids all pays and play. Payline Rules This game includes 40 paylines. The number of paylines played is fixed. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the payline cost of 20. Payout Rules Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The win over value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. Wild Symbols Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Scatters, Vinyl, Retrigger and Dice symbols. Scatter Symbols Scatters appear on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. This symbol appears in base game only. Scatters can create their own winning combination when landing anywhere on the reels. Epic Strike™ Feature Vinyl symbols can create their own winning combination when landing anywhere on the reels. 3 or more Vinyl symbols award a cash prize. Vinyl symbol wins are added to the payline wins. Epic Strike™ feature is available in the base game and during Free Spins with Notorious W.I.L.D feature. Free Spins Selection 3 Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels trigger this feature. 2 Free Spins features are available for selection. After selection, one of the following Free Spins options is picked randomly. 3 Free Spins with Dice Roller feature. 6 Free Spins with Notorious W.I.L.D feature. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. All lines played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Free Spins with Dice Roller feature Upon entry, the starting level has a prize of 1x current bet. The feature starts with 3 Free Spins. Besides starting level, there are 8 levels to reach. Completing a level awards a cash prize. To complete a level, certain amount of Dice must be collected. Level 1: 5 Dice must be collected to win 5x current bet. Level 2: 10 Dice more must be collected to increase the win to 15x current bet. Level 3: 15 Dice more must be collected to increase the win to 40x current bet. Level 4: 20 Dice more must be collected to increase the win to 100x current bet. Level 5: 25 Dice more must be collected to increase the win to 500x current bet. Level 6: 30 Dice more must be collected to increase the win to 1 000x current bet. Level 7: 35 Dice more must be collected to increase the win to 5 000x current bet. Level 8: 40 Dice more must be collected to increase the win to 10 000x current bet. After every 5 Dice collected, a Booster Point is reached (except in level 1). At a Booster Point, one of the following awards will be given: up to 10 Dice, up to 3 extra spins or Safe Zone. In Safe Zone, the current prize will be increased to a level between the current prize and the next level prize. When the last Booster Point of the level is reached, the win is increased accordingly to the level that has been achieved. When the last Booster Point of the level is reached, other prizes (additional Dice, spins or Safe Zone) are not available. When a level is completed, the amount of collected Dice is set to 0 and spins are set to 3. The feature continues until all spins are played or all levels are completed. If the highest level is not completed, the award is the prize of the achieved level or of the latest Safe Zone. Free Spins with Notorious W.I.L.D feature The Wild symbol upon landing, expands covering the whole Reel. Each Retrigger symbol that lands, awards 1 additional Free Spin. Retrigger symbol appears only on reels 2, 3 and 4. Retrigger symbol appears only during Notorious W.I.L.D Free Spins. Retrigger symbol does not have individual payout. Buy Feature This feature is available in base game only. Activating this feature will instantly trigger the Free Spins feature. 55.90x current bet triggers Free Spins with Dice Roller feature. 39.40x current bet triggers Free Spins with Notorious W.I.L.D feature. The feature is played at the current bet. This feature is not available above a certain bet threshold. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. This feature is available in base game only Autoplay Settings Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. Bet Settings Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Bet Amount: Sets the current bet value. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Values are calculated initially by dividing the total payouts by the total bets from a simulation of numerous game rounds. Last modification date: 5/24/2023