Adventures of Captain Blackjack About this Game Welcome to Adventures of Captain Blackjack. This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. This game has 20 lines. It features Kraken Wheel, Skull Cave Free Spins, Bonus feature picks, and multiplier. General Win on a line pays if the same symbol appears in succession on adjacent reels, from the leftmost position to the rightmost position according to the PAYTABLE. Only the highest win per line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different lines are added. Wild symbols substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a line according to the PAYTABLE. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Free Spins symbols. Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. The maximum cumulative total win in the base game and all features is capped at 5000x bet. When the cap is reached the feature ends. Kraken Wheel Trigger Collecting Kraken Coins scattered on screen gives a chance at winning a spin of the Kraken Wheel. The Kraken Coins can only appear on mid symbols on all reels in the base game. Only the Kraken Coins collected on the current spin contribute to the chance of triggering the Kraken Wheel. The graphical collection pot in the game is purely for visual entertainment purposes and as such does not influence awarding a cash prize. This feature cannot trigger during the Free Spins feature. Free Spins and the Kraken Wheel cannot trigger in the same spin. If Free Spins triggers and Kraken Coins are collected simultaneously, only the Free Spins feature plays out. Kraken Wheel Rules You can win one of the four guaranteed cash prizes. The cash prize values allocated are 15X, 40X, 250X, 5000X bet. The Kraken Wheel consists of a wheel divided into coloured segments. Each segment is associated with a different cash prize. Depending on where the wheel stops, you can win one of the cash prizes. Bonus Feature Picks Landing 3 or more Free Spins symbols anywhere on the reels awards 6 Free Spins. 3, 4, or 5 Free Spins symbols award 3, 4, or 5 Bonus feature picks, respectively. 16 Bonus features are available for selection. Extra spins: 9, 6, 5, 4, 3 additional Free Spins Multiplier: +3, +2, +1 multiplier Mid Symbol to Wild Upgrade: A mid symbol upgrades into a Wild symbol. Low Symbol to Mid Symbol Upgrade: A low symbol upgrades into a mid symbol of the same colour. A low symbol can turn Wild if the mid symbol of the same colour has been upgraded into a Wild. Skull Cave Free Spins The selected Bonus feature picks features are applied before the start of Free Spins. Free Spins begins with a multiplier of X1. Landing additional Free Spins symbols award additional Bonus feature picks. 2, 3, 4, and 5 Free Spins symbols award 1, 2, 3, and 4 additional Bonus feature picks, respectively. All new Bonus feature picks features apply on the next spin. If at least 2 Free Spins symbols land on the last spin in Free Spins, then the first Bonus feature pick always awards extra spins. If all 16 features have been awarded, then only extra spins can be awarded. The feature ends when there are no spins left or if the maximum cap has been reached. Winnings are automatically collected at the end of the feature. The last bet placed in the game is used as the Free Spins bet amount. Game Terms Translations The following list is only applicable in a language other than English ADVENTURES OF CAPTAIN BLACKJACK - ADVENTURES OF CAPTAIN BLACKJACK 20 LINES - 20 LINES FREE SPINS - FREE SPINS KRAKEN CHEST - KRAKEN CHEST KRAKEN COINS - KRAKEN COINS KRAKEN WHEEL - KRAKEN WHEEL MINI - MINI MEGA - MEGA MINOR - MINOR MAJOR - MAJOR MULTIPLIER - MULTIPLIER PICKS - PICKS SKULL CAVE FREE SPINS - SKULL CAVE FREE SPINS SPINS - SPINS WILD / WILDS - WILD / WILDS BIG WIN - BIG WIN MEGA WIN - MEGA WIN EPIC WIN - EPIC WIN JUST FOR THE WIN - JUST FOR THE WIN Game Controls Autoplay settings: Select a number of spins to auto play by selecting a value. Start and stop the Autoplay by pressing the spin button. Balance field: Displays the current account balance. Bet field: Displays the current bet size. Bet settings: Change the bet size by selecting a value. Spin Button: Start the game with the current bet size as displayed in the bet field. Clicking or tapping anywhere on the reels during a spin displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Win field: Displays the pay in a winning round. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Game Menu Advanced settings: Navigate to the Responsible Gaming pages. Advanced settings: Open the Advanced Settings menu. Advanced settings: Turn Quick Spin on or off. Banking: Navigate to the Banking pages. Lobby: Navigate back to the lobby. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Sound settings: Turn sound on or off. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Autoplay Settings Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. This value is fixed and does not change. This game has an RTP of 94.18%. Additional Information Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 4/12/2022