Lucky O Mega About this Game l This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. l Each position on the grid acts as an individual reel. l The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. l Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Payline Rules l This game includes 20 paylines. l The number of paylines played is fixed. l A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. l A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. l Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Bet Rules l Each spin played costs a bet amount. l The total bet is based on the initial bet placed on each payline played. l The initial bet is the current bet divided by the number of paylines played. Payout Rules l Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. l The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. l If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. l Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. l The total payout is the sum of all payline wins and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. l The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. l The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. l The Paytable displays the payouts in a player's currency. Wild Symbols l Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. l Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Scatter and Cash symbols. Scatter Symbols l Scatters can create their own winning combination when landing anywhere on the reels. l Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Mega Major Mini Feature l The feature has 3 payout levels - Mega, Major and Mini. l Payouts are awarded when a specific triggering combination of symbols lands on the reels. l The triggering symbol combinations for each payout level are displayed above the reels. l The Mega is awarded when a triggering combination of 5 symbols land on the top row of the grid. l The Major is awarded when a triggering combination of 4 left-aligned symbols land on the middle row of the grid. l The Mini is awarded when a triggering combination of 3 left-aligned symbols land on the bottom row of the grid. l Each level can be won independently. Cash Respins Feature l 6 or more Cash symbols on the reels trigger this feature. l Each Cash symbol presents a cash prize on it. l The feature starts with 3 respins. l Only Cash symbols and empty spaces appear on the reels. l Triggering Cash symbols are held in place while all other symbol positions respin. l Any additional Cash, Major, Mega or Mini symbols that land are held, and reset the remaining respins to 3. l The feature ends when the respins are over or when there are no more empty spaces. l The total win of the feature is the accumulative amount of all prizes on the Cash, Mega, Major and Mini symbols on the grid. Game Controls l Spin button: Starts a reel spin. l Pressing the Spin button during the current spin stops the reels quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. l Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. l Mute button: Disables game sounds and music. l Unmute button: Enables game sounds and music. l Help button: Displays help and additional information. l Banking button: Displays the cashier. l Home button: Exits the game. l Bet: Displays the current total bet. l Win: Displays the most recent win. l Balance: Displays the current balances. l Menu button: Displays additional game options. l Bet Increase button: Increases the current bet. l Bet Decrease button: Decreases the current bet. l Turbo Mode button: Enables Turbo Mode to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. l Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Game Menu l Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. l Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. l Help button: Displays help and additional information. l Payout button: Displays payout of the last spin. l History button: Displays the history of spins' result. l Notification button: Displays notifications. l Settings button: Displays the game settings. l Close button: Closes the game menu. Additional Information l Some settings and features may not be available in this game. l Malfunction voids all pays and plays. l In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. l The results of the last game played are displayed. l The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. l If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. l Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. l Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. Return to Player l The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. l This value is fixed and does not change. l This game has an RTP of 95.23%. Last modification date: 9/14/2021