Game of Thrones-15 Lines Game of Thrones About Game of Thrones Game of Thrones is a five reel, fifteen payline, and one hundred and fifty coin slot machine, with: A wild symbol. A scatter symbol. A Free Spins bonus game. A Gamble feature. A Paytable Achievements feature. Game Payouts Winnings paid out on the slot machine are dependent on the symbols displayed on the payline, once the reels have come to a stop. All paylines are permanently enabled for every spin, so you cannot select or de-select paylines. Regular Payouts All payout tables display the number of coins that are won for each combination. The total number of coins paid out depends on the number of coins you play per payline. Regular wins are calculated by taking the number of coins won, multiplied by the number of coins played per payline. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size you select. For a combination of regular symbols to produce a winning regular combination, the following criteria must be met: The symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. Scatter Symbol Payouts Regular scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the scatter symbol combination payout by the total number of regular coins bet. Scatter wins are added to regular wins. If you have a scatter win and a regular win, you are paid out for both wins, as the scatter symbol does not need to appear on consecutive reels to win. For a combination of scatter symbols to produce a winning scatter combination, the following criteria must be met: Completes a winning scatter combination when two or more appear on the reels. Awards a random bonus amount when two appear on the reels. Awards a regular scatter win when three or more appear on the reels. Cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. The random bonus win amounts displayed are already multiplied by your total bet amount. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. Free Spins Bonus Game Payouts Each House of Westeros awards a specific number of free spins, a multiplier value, and an additional stacked symbol. You can choose one House of Westeros. You are awarded up to eighteen free spins. You can win up to a 5x multiplier value. The symbol for the House of Westeros you choose is stacked during the bonus game. All the bets and paylines played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. Gamble Feature Payouts A correct guess for the coin toss doubles your win. You can play your winnings until the gamble trail is complete or the gamble limit is reached. Game Rules Click the links for more information about the game rules. General Rules All paylines are permanently enabled for every spin, so you cannot select or de-select paylines. You can bet up to 10 coins per payline. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. Wild Symbol Rules The Game of Thrones symbol is a wild symbol. Does not substitute for the scatter symbol. Creates a wild symbol stack. Creates its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear in a line on an enabled payline. Does not log an achievement when it completes any combination. Only one winning combination is paid out per payline. If there is more than one possible winning combination on a payline, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. Scatter Symbol Rules Completes a winning scatter combination when two or more appear on the reels. Awards a random bonus amount when two appear on the reels. The random bonus win amounts displayed are already multiplied by your total bet amount. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. Awards a regular scatter win when three or more appear on the reels. Regular scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the scatter symbol combination payout by the total number of regular coins bet. Activates the Free Spins bonus game when three or more appear on the five reels. Cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. Free Spins Bonus Game Rules Three or more Iron Throne symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Free Spins bonus game. Four Houses with free spin options are displayed. You can choose one House. Each house awards a specific number of free spins, a multiplier value, and an additional stacked symbol. You are awarded up to eighteen free spins. You can win up to a 5x multiplier value. The symbol for the House you choose is stacked during the bonus game. All the bets and paylines played in the bonus game are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. Winnings are automatically collected at the end of the bonus game. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. Gamble Feature Rules Any win activates the Gamble feature. You can choose to play the feature or you can skip it and continue to play the regular game. However, the feature is not available if your win exceeds the gamble activation limit. There a 4 Gamble stages. You choose heads or tails, and the coin flips. If you win, your winnings are doubled and you move along to the next stage. If you lose, the gamble is over and you are returned to the regular game. You can play your winnings until the gamble limit is reached. Winnings are automatically collected during the bonus game. Betting and Payout Rules Winnings are paid out on the highest combination on each enabled payline only, except for scatter wins. Winning scatter combinations can appear in any position on the reels. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. The symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. All payout tables display the number of coins that are won for each combination. The total number of coins paid out depends on the number of coins you play per payline. All payouts are in credits. Regular wins are calculated by taking the number of coins won, multiplied by the number of coins played per payline. Scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the scatter symbol combination payout by the total number of credits played. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size you select. The formula to calculate the conversion of your coins to credits is: number of coins x coin size played = amount in credits. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. Wild Symbol The Game of Thrones symbol is a wild symbol. This symbol: Does not substitute for the scatter symbol. Creates a wild symbol stack. Creates its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear in a line on an enabled payline. Does not log an achievement when it completes any combination. Scatter Symbol The Iron Throne symbol is a scatter symbol. This symbol: Completes a winning scatter combination when two or more appear on the reels. Awards a random bonus amount when two appear on the reels. The random bonus win amounts displayed are already multiplied by your total bet amount. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. Awards a regular scatter win when three or more appear on the reels. Regular scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the scatter symbol combination payout by the total number of regular coins bet. Activates the Free Spins bonus game when three or more appear on the five reels. Cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. Free Spins Bonus Game Three or more Iron Throne symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Free Spins bonus game. In this game: Four Houses with free spin options are displayed. You can choose one House. Each house awards a specific number of free spins, a multiplier value, and an additional stacked symbol. You are awarded up to eighteen free spins. You can win up to a 5x multiplier value. The symbol for the House you choose is stacked during the bonus game. All the bets and paylines played in the bonus game are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. Free spins can be re-activated during the bonus game. Gamble Trail Feature Any win activates the Gamble feature. You can choose to play the feature or you can skip it and continue to play the regular game. However, the feature is not available if your win exceeds the gamble activation limit. In this feature: There a 4 Gamble stages. You choose heads or tails, and the coin flips. If you win, your winnings are doubled and you move along to the next stage. If you lose, the gamble is over and you are returned to the regular game. You can play your winnings until the gamble limit is reached. Winnings are automatically collected during the feature. Paytable Achievements The Paytable Achievements feature enables you to track your winnings status by highlighting symbol combinations that you have won. Once you have won all combinations for a particular symbol, you are informed of this achievement, and the symbol is highlighted on the payout table. Achievements are logged during the regular slot game. Achievements are permanently highlighted on the payout table, even after you exit the game. N ote: The following are not logged as achievements: A winning combination completed by a wild symbol. A winning combination completed in one of the Free Spins bonus games. Playing the game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form a winning combination on the payline. The payout is dependent on the winning combination formed. To play: Place a bet. How? Click Increase (+) or Decrease (-) to select the coin size you want to bet. To increase the number of coins you want to bet, click Coins . 2. Click Spin . The reels start spinning. If you have a winning combination lined up on the payline, the win is highlighted on the reels. You are paid out the win amount as displayed in the Win box. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. In some slot games the Spin button becomes a Stop button. Click Stop to display your spin results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. AutoPlay, Options and Statistics You can change options and view statistics for games using the Options or Statistics buttons. You can also spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game, using AutoPlay or AutoSpin. In some games AutoPlay is available in Expert mode only. Ea ch game has different options and AutoPlay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. How do I turn on Expert mode? Click Expert . The Expert mode features are activated, such as AutoPlay. How do I use AutoPlay? Select a bet amount. You must select a bet amount before you start the AutoPlay session, as AutoPlay plays with the last bet value. If the game has Expert mode, click Expert . Click AutoPlay . In some games you cannot set the number of spins to play in the AutoPlay session, so clicking this button starts AutoPlay that continues until you click Stop .The S top button does not influence the results of the spin. In other games this button enables you to choose the number of spins you want to play and your stop options. Once you have configured these options, click S t art to begin your AutoPlay session. What options do I have in Autoplay? AutoPlay options differ between games. Your game may not have all of these options. AutoPlay Options Number of spins Set the number of times the slot reels spins during your AutoPlay session. Number of seconds between spins Set the delay between AutoPlay spins. Until stop Continue Autoplay until you click the Stop button. This does not influence the results of the spin. Stop if a win exceeds or equals Stop spins if the number of credits won on any spin exceeds or equals the amount selected. Stop once all spins are complete Stop after playing the number of reel spins selected. Stop when jackpot is won Stop spins if the Jackpot is won. Stop on any win Stop the session if you win on a spin Stop if credits increase by Stop the session if the number of credits increases by the amount selected. Stop if credits decrease by Stop the session if the number of credits decreases by the amount selected. Stop on a feature Stops if Free Spins or another bonus feature is triggered. Start AutoPlay without showing this dialog Start future sessions without viewing the AutoPlay settings, using your saved settings or the default settings. How do I change game options? Click O ptions . Choose the required settings. Click O K . What are the options settings? Game options differ between games. Your game may not have all of these options. Quick Spin Increases the speed of the Slot reel spin so your results are displayed quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Quick Spin in Free Spins Increases the speed of the Slot reel spin so your results are displayed quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Switch off Gamble feature Disables the Gamble feature during the Slot game Allow Gamble Enables the Gamble feature during the Slot game. Sound Settings Displays the sound options. Switch off Cinematic Spins Plays a selection of video clips in the background during reel spins. Graphics Displays the game graphics with basic or enhanced effects. High quality effects Plays the game with or without high quality effects. Hide Respin Cost Shows or hides the respin cost when you position your mouse pointer over a Respin button. Reel Stopping Order Displays the reel stopping order options. Balance, Bet and Win Values Displays these values for the game you are playing, in coins or credits. Enable 3D Stereo Enables you to toggle between 3D mode and Standard mode Edit Avatar You can add an Avatar image, or edit an existing Avatar image How do I see game statistics? Statistics only apply to the current game session. When you exit the game, the statistics reset to zero. Click Statistics (%) . View your current Game Play Statistics. Click O K . What statistics can I view? Spin Results Displays the number of spins played during the current game session, the length of your game session, and the average number of spins per hour Highest Wins Displays the highest three win amounts during the current game session. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 11/6/2020