Nugget Frenzy About this game This is a 5 reel 3-4-5-6-7 row video slot game. This game has 2520 Ways. It features money symbols, Cash Collect, Free Spins and Super Free Spins. General Way pays if the same symbols appear in succession in any position on adjacent reels, from the leftmost position to the rightmost position according to the PAYTABLE. Only the highest win per Way is paid. Simultaneous wins on different Ways are added. Money symbols are not included in Way pays. Each money symbol has a random value or prize assigned to it. Money Symbols Money symbols can appear anywhere on the reels in the base game, in the Free Spins feature and in the Super Free Spins feature. The values are: 0.2x, 0.5x, 0.8x, 1x, 1.5x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 7.5x, and 10x the current bet. The MINI prize awards 15x the current bet. The MINOR prize awards 50x the current bet. The MAJOR prize awards 200x the current bet. The GRAND prize awards 1000x the current bet. In the base game money symbol values and prizes only pay out in the Cash Collect feature. Wild symbols Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except money symbols, Free Spins symbols and Super Free Spins symbols. Wild symbols substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a Way according to the PAYTABLE. Wild symbols appear on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5 in the base game only. Cash Collect feature In the base game, each reel has a Cash Collect counter connected to it. Whenever any money symbol lands on any reel, the corresponding Cash Collect counter activates with a value of 3. Any active Cash Collect counter counts down by 1 for each spin until it reaches 0. Landing more money symbols on a reel with an active Cash Collect counter will reset the counter to 3. All money symbols that land on a reel with an active Cash Collect counter remain in their position until the counter reaches 0. When the Cash Collect counter reaches 0 all money symbols on that reel are removed and are counted towards the Super Free Spins upgrade meter, and the Cash Collect counter becomes inactive. If all positions on a reel have money symbols before the Cash Collect counter counts down to 0, the Cash Collect feature will trigger. When the Cash Collect feature triggers, the sum of all values and prizes of the money symbols on that reel will be awarded to the player. The money symbols on that reel will then be removed and the Cash Collect counter will become inactive. The money symbols and Cash Collect counters persist for each bet level. Free Spins Free Spins symbols appear anywhere on the reels only in the base game. Landing 3 or more Free Spins symbols awards 6 Free Spins. Landing 4 or 5 Free Spins symbols awards an additional cash prize of 15x bet or 200x bet respectively. In the Free Spins feature the reels consist only of money symbols and empty positions. All money symbols that land remain in their position until the end of the feature. In the Free Spins feature, each reel has a Power Reel connected to it. The Power Reel contains cash prizes and multipliers. The possible cash prizes are MINI - 15 x bet, MINOR - 50 x bet, MAJOR - 200 x bet or GRAND - 1000 x bet. The multipliers are x2, x3, x4 or x5. Filling an entire reel with money symbols awards 2 extra spins, and unlocks the Power Reel. If all reels are filled with money symbols the Free Spins are completed, regardless of spins left. When the Free Spins are completed, any unlocked Power Reel is activated. Any activated Power Reel with a multiplier will multiply the value of all money symbols on that reel at the end of the feature. When any Power Reel with a MINI, MINOR, MAJOR, or GRAND cash prize is activated, the cash prize will be awarded at the end of the feature. Winnings from the Free Spin feature are automatically collected at the end of the feature. The last bet placed in the game is used as the Free Spin bet amount. Super Free Spins Collection In the base game, money symbols that aren't awarded through the Cash Collect feature will be removed from the reels and added to the Super Free Spins upgrade meter. The Free Spins symbols are upgraded to Super Free Spins symbols after the Super Free Spins meter is fully filled. Collect 400 money symbols to upgrade Free Spins to Super Free Spins. The Super Free Spins upgrade meter cannot collect more than 400 money symbols. The next time 3 or more Super Free Spins symbols land, Super Free Spins feature will be triggered instead of Free Spins. When the feature ends, the Super Free Spins upgrade meter is reset to 0. Super Free Spins In the Super Free Spins feature the reels consist only of money symbols and empty positions. Any money symbol that lands will become sticky for the remainder of the feature. In the Super Free Spins feature, each reel has a Power Reel connected to it. The Super Free Spins begins with every Power Reel unlocked on all reels. The Power Reel contains cash prizes and multipliers. The possible cash prizes are MINI - 15 x bet, MINOR - 50 x bet, MAJOR - 200 x bet or GRAND - 1000 x bet. The multipliers are x2, x3, x4 or x5. Filling an entire reel with money symbols awards 2 extra spins. If all reels are filled with money symbols the Super Free Spins are completed, regardless of spins left. When the Super Free Spins are completed, every Power Reel is activated. Any activated Power Reel with a multiplier will multiply the value of all money symbols on that reel at the end of the feature. When any Power Reel with a MINI, MINOR, MAJOR, or GRAND cash prize is activated, the cash prize will be awarded at the end of the feature. Winnings from the Super Free Spins feature are automatically collected at the end of the feature. The last bet placed in the game is used as the Super Free Spins bet amount. Buy Free Spins In the Buy Free Spins feature, guaranteed Free Spins or Super Free Spins can be purchased at a multiple of the current bet. The Free Spins feature can be purchased for 50x the current bet. The Super Free Spins feature can be purchased for 100x the current bet. Buy Free Spin feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Buy Free Spins feature can only be used at any time a bet change can take place. Buying the Super Free Spins will not affect the Super Free Spins meter in the base game. Game Terms Translations The following list is only applicable in a language other than English FREE SPINS - FREE SPINS SUPER FREE SPINS - SUPER FREE SPINS CASH COLLECT - CASH COLLECT WILD - WILD WAY / WAYS - WAY / WAYS MINI - MINI MINOR - MINOR MAJOR - MAJOR GRAND - GRAND WIN OVER 5000X - WIN OVER 5000X AWARDS FREE SPINS - AWARDS FREE SPINS AWARDS SUPER FREE SPINS - AWARDS SUPER FREE SPINS POWER REEL - POWER REEL BIG WIN - BIG WIN MEGA WIN - MEGA WIN EPIC WIN - EPIC WIN JUST FOR THE WIN - JUST FOR THE WIN Game Controls Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Spin button: Start the game with the current bet size as displayed in the bet field. Pressing anywhere on the reels or the Spin button during a spin displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button: Select a number of spins to auto play by selecting a value. Start and stop the Autoplay by pressing the spin button. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results Malfunction voids all pays and plays Last modification date: 4/16/2025