FlyX Party FlyX™ Party About this Game This game is a Crash Betting game. Crash Betting is where a multiplier slowly increases over time and at any point during the multiplier increasing, the game can suddenly end. This is also known as a crash. This game includes 1 or more bet panels. These bet panels are independent of each other. This allows you to place 1 or more bets simultaneously on the same game. Depending on the game you are playing, only one bet panel could be displayed. The objective of the game is to observe the multiplier increasing and anticipate when to cash out before the game crashes. When you join the game, it may be in progress. You can place bets for the next round. All players place wagers on the same instance of the game. Each game crashes at the same time and on the same multiplier for all players. A leaderboard displays the top cashed-out multipliers of other players. All your bets and payouts are independent from other players. Game and Betting Rules You can place a bet on one or more bet panels. Each panel works independently from each another. Each bet panel allows you to select your own bet amount, a pre-defined bet amount or a maximum bet. Depending on the game you are playing, only one bet panel could be displayed. You must select and place a bet before each round starts. You can only change your bet between rounds. Placing a Bet during an active round only applies to the following round. Selecting Cash Out before the round crashes, pays out your win. This game has a maximum value that automatically cashes out when reached. The maximum value is displayed in the Game Limits panel of the Menu. The round only ends when a crash occurs and if you have not cashed out your bet is lost. You also have an option to set the game to Auto and play multiple rounds, or set the automatic cash-out value. You can set the Auto Cash Out multiplier value per panel. The Auto Cash Out pays out when this multiplier is reached. You can only play if you have placed a bet in a panel. If no bet is placed, you will need to wait for the next round to start. Your winnings are dependent on your bet and multiplier. Your winnings are displayed when you cash out. Winnings can contain fractional cents. The payout value is rounded down. The fractional cents are accumulated over time and will pay out 1 cent when the fractional cents total more than 1 cent. All payouts are in credits. Auto Auto allows you to activate the Autoplay or Auto Cash Out features. You can activate Auto on the number of bet panels you want to play. Autoplay plays with the last bet value you selected, so you must select a bet amount before activating Autoplay. The remaining rounds in your Autoplay session are displayed in the game. You can choose to stop Autoplay at any time during the session. You can set the Auto Cash Out multiplier value per panel. The Auto Cash Out will pay out when this multiplier is reached. If Autoplay and Auto Cash Out are activated, no further interaction is required. If you do not activate Auto Cash Out, you need to anticipate when to cash out before the round crashes. It is recommended to use Auto Cash Out when playing with an unstable internet connection. The round only ends when a crash occurs and if you have not cashed out your bet is lost. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Game Controls Options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. Credits box: Displays your balances. Win box: Displays your most recent wins. The wins per bet panel will be displayed independently. Crash tracker: Displays the crash multiplier value from the last 15 rounds. Lower horizontal axis: Displays the time in seconds in varying intervals. Vertical axis: Displays the increasing multiplier value. Bet box: Displays your total bet amount per panel. + or - buttons: Select the total amount you want to bet in each panel. Timer bar: Slides down the time to the next round. Auto button: Displays your AutoPlay and Auto Cash Out options. All Bets: Displays the bets, the multiplier and the cash-out values per round per player in their own currency. This might not be the same currency you are betting with. My Bets: Displays all your bets, the multiplier and the cash out values per game play session. Top: Displays the player, date, bet, multiplier and the cash out of the highest wins achieved. Wins are sorted by the multiplier value and amounts are in the winning player’s currency. Menu button: Displays the game settings. Chat Rules Chat is available to all players playing in the same rounds. When joining the chat, you receive the previous 20 messages from other players within the same round. Only text messages are available and are limited to 160 characters, including emojis. As this is a public chat, refrain from sharing any personal details and be respectful during your interactions. Messages will be checked for any profanity or character limits exceeded. These messages will not be broadcast, and you receive an error message. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of additional game rounds awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to accept the offer and begin playing. Only one offer can be played at a time. Players may choose how to play their Free Games, with each free game representing 1 bet panel. Depending on the number of Free Games available in the Free Game Offer, you can choose to play either one or more Free Games using the available bet panels for each round. Depending on the game you are playing, only one bet panel could be displayed. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the offer. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired, the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. Connection latency can delay requests reaching the server. An unreliable connection may impact gameplay and the cash out. A stage time out message displays if there is a pending cash out that is impacted by latency. Ensure a reliable connection for the best gameplay. In the event of a slow connection, if your bet does not return from the service before the game starts, the game automatically cashes you out at 1.01x your bet. In the event of a disconnection during an active game, the game cashes you out at the point of disconnection. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. All previous game results are available in the My Bets section. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Return to Player The return to player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Values are calculated initially by dividing the total possible payouts by the total possible outcomes that are available within the game. Values reflect the maximum expected return and do not change. RTP: 97.00%.Malfunction void all pays and plays . Last modification date: 9/3/2025