Fishing Fever Bass King About this Game There are 5 reels, 5 rows in base game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Payline Rules This game includes 40 paylines. The number of paylines played is fixed. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the paylines played. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the number of paylines played. Payout Rules Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The total payout is the sum of all Payline wins and Collect wins resulting from a spin. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. Wild Symbols Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Scatters, Golden Lures, Jackpots, Collects, Multiplier Collects, and Respin Collects. Scatter Symbols This symbol appears on reels 1, 3 and 5 only. This symbol does not have a payout. This symbol can appear in base game and Free Spins. Free Spins 3 Scatter symbols on reels 1, 3, and 5 trigger 8 Free Spins. Free Spins play out automatically. All lines played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Free spins can be retriggered. More Golden Lure and Collect symbols are added to the reels in the Free Spins feature. Bonus Feature This is the Fishing Fever Jackpot game. This feature can trigger in base game and Free Spins. The feature can award between 50x and 5 000x the total bet. A Jackpot symbol on reels 1-4 combined with any Collect symbol on reel 5 triggers the Fishing Fever Jackpot game. Bonus wins are multiplied by the total bet. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. If this feature and Free Spins trigger simultaneously, this feature plays out first. 3 matching picks awards the corresponding jackpot prize. Collect Feature There are 3 possible Collect features. If a Jackpot and Multiplier Collect land together, the Jackpot is not multiplied. Golden Lure symbols appear on reels 1-4. When a Collect symbol lands on reel 5, the total amount of all Golden Lure symbols on screen is awarded. Golden Lure symbols can have values between 1x and 25x the total bet. The Multiplier Collect awards the total value of all Golden Lure symbols shown multiplied by a random multiplier up to 5x that appears on the Collect symbol. The regular Collect awards the total value of all Golden Lure symbols shown. The Respin Collect removes all regular symbols from the reels and awards a respin. After the respin ends, the total value of all Golden Lure symbols shown at the end of the respin is awarded. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. This feature can trigger in base game and Free Spins. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. This feature is available in base game only. Big Win stops Autoplay. Paytable Achievements Paytable achievements track winning progress as the game is played. Winning symbol combinations are permanently highlighted on the payout table. Wins with symbol substitutions are not logged as achievements. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Hold to Turbo Spin: Hold the spin button to enable Turbo Spin. Turbo Spin ends when the spin button is lifted. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Balance: Displays the current balances. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Exit button: Exits the game. Desktop Controls Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Bet controls: Increase or decrease the bet with the plus and minus symbols. Game Menu Home button: Exits the game. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Achievements button: Displays all achievements. Banking button: Displays the banking page. Close button: Closes the game menu. Mobile Settings Left-Handed Mode button: Enables left-handed mode. Autoplay Settings Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Bet Settings Bet Amount: Sets the current bet value. Bet Value buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Min Bet button: Sets the current bet to the minimum value. Max Bet button: Sets the current bet to the maximum value. Game Settings Sound Settings: Allow you to choose which sounds to turn on or off. Quickspin: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Turbospin: Enables Turbospin to resolve spins faster than Quick Spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Show Big Wins toggle: Enables or disables big win animations Show Splash Page toggle: Enables or disables the splash page display on game load. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. This feature is only available in selected games. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Values are calculated initially by dividing the total possible payouts by the total possible outcomes that are available within the game. Values reflect the average expected return and do not change. RTP: 94.20%. Last modification date: 7/24/2023