Foxpot About this Game This is a 3 reel 1 row video slot game. All wins pay left to right on consecutive reels, starting from the leftmost reel. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Payline Rules This game includes 1 payline. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Payout Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Wild Symbols Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Bonus symbols. Game Features Symbols 7, 77 and 777 pay in any combination when 3 land on the reels. The multiplier reel spins alongside the reels. A multiplier of ×2 or ×3 can land and apply to the line win. The multiplier reel is locked during the Fox Wheel feature. The Nudge feature can activate randomly to improve win results. In the base game it can shift one of the reels up or down to land a missed Bonus symbol. In the Fox Wheel it can improve your win on the Money Award wheel. Fox Wheel 1 or more Bonus symbols activate the Fox Wheel. The Fox Wheel features 3 wheels: Money Award, Multiplier and Respin. 1 symbol activates a spin of the Money Award wheel. 2 symbols activate a spin of the Money Award and Multiplier wheels. 3 symbols activate a spin of all wheels including the Respin wheel. Land a respin on the Respin wheel for another spin of each Fox Wheel. The Money Award wheel contains jackpot awards: Mini, Midi and Foxpot. The Money Award wheel contains grand prize awards: Mini, Midi and Foxpot. Jackpot and money award values are dependent on the bet and displayed on the game screen. Grand prize and money award values are dependent on the bet and displayed on the game screen. The Fox Wheel bonus game is played at the triggering bet. Autoplay This feature is available in base game only. Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Balance: Displays the current balances. Game Menu Menu button: Displays additional game options. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Audio button: Toggles the game audio. Game Info button: Displays game rules. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. This value is fixed and does not change. This game has an RTP of 96.31%. Translation of Game Terms The translated terms are only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. 3 of a kind - 3 of a kind Any - Any Big Win - Big Win Mega Win - Mega Win Epic Win - Epic Win Bonus - Bonus Fox Wheel - Fox Wheel Midi - Midi Mini - Mini Nudging - Nudging Respin - Respin Spin - Spin Total win - Total win Win above 10 000x! - Win above 10 000x! Win multipliers! - Win multipliers! Win 1 of 3 grand prizes! - Win 1 of 3 grand prizes! Win 1 of 3 jackpots! - Win 1 of 3 jackpots! Voice-over translations All right! - All right! Big Win - Big Win Bonus Time - Bonus Time Bonus, Bonus, Bonus - Bonus, Bonus, Bonus Booom Bonus - Booom Bonus Ding-Ding-Ding Bonus - Ding-Ding-Ding Bonus Epic Win - Epic Win Feeling lucky? - Feeling lucky? Foxpot, Amazing Win! - Foxpot, Amazing Win! Ha-Ha, awesome! - Ha-Ha, awesome! Ha! Yes! Bonus Time! - Ha! Yes! Bonus Time! Here we go again! - Here we go again! Hit it! - Hit it! It's a mini jackpot! - It's a mini jackpot! It's nudging time! - It's nudging time! Just a little nudge! - Just a little nudge! Keep it spinning! - Keep it spinning! Lets win! - Lets win! Look at it go - Look at it go Mash that button - Mash that button Mega Win - Mega Win • Mesmerizing - Mesmerizing • Midi jackpot! - Midi jackpot! Nudge, Nudge - Nudge, Nudge Oh boy, oh boy! - Oh boy, oh boy! One more time! - One more time! Ouu nuggy! - Ouu nuggy! Pounded! - Pounded! Push it on - Push it on Ready to spin? - Ready to spin? Respin! - Respin! Spin baby, spin! - Spin baby, spin! Spin to win, baby! - Spin to win, baby! This one's on the house - This one's on the house • Three, Two, One, Lets Go! - Three, Two, One, Lets Go! Time to spin the wheel! - Time to spin the wheel! Well done! - Well done! What's gonna be? - What's gonna be? Winner! - Winner! The maximum win from a single game is €250,000. Last modification date: 1/12/2021