Wolf Call About this Game l This is a 5 reel 4 row video slot game. l The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. l Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Bet Rules l Each spin played costs a total bet amount. l The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the way cost of 10. l The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the ways played. Way Rules l This game includes 1024 ways. l A way is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other in this pattern. l Way wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Payout Rules l Way win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. l The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. l The total payout is the sum of all way wins resulting from a spin. l If multiple winning combinations land on a single way, only the highest win is awarded. l Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. l The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Game Controls l Spin button: Starts a reel spin. l Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. l A click or tap on the reels stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. l Spin Settings button: Displays additional spin options. l Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. l Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. l Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. l Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. l Bet Increase button: Increases the current bet. l Bet Decrease button: Decreases the current bet. l Bet: Displays the current total bet. l Win: Displays the most recent win. l Credits: Displays the current balances. l Jackpot Feature Autoplay button: Automatically selects icons in the Jackpot Feature. This does not influence the results of the feature. l Buy Feature button: Displays the option to purchase Free Spins. Game Menu l Menu button: Displays additional game options. l Home button: Exits the game. l Banking button: Displays the banking page. l Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. l Sounds: Enables game sounds. Additional Information l Some settings and features may not be available in this game. l Malfunction voids all pays and plays. l Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. l In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. l The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. l The results of the last game played are displayed. l If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. l Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Wild Symbols l Diamond symbols are Wild symbols. l Diamond symbols can substitute for all symbols except Bonus symbols. l This symbol appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. Bonus Symbols l This symbol appears in base game only. Free Spins l 3, 4 or 5 Bonus symbols anywhere on the reels trigger this feature. l 10, 15 or 20 Free Spins are awarded respectively. l All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. l All ways played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. l Free Spins play out automatically. l Free Spins cannot be retriggered. l Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Power Range™ Feature l The Power Range™ covers a portion of the reel array. l If a Wild lands inside the Power Range™ a multiplier is added to the Wild. l Multipliers are multiplied to each other and applied to all ways wins. l During the Base Game the Power Range™ covers the center two positions on each of reels 2, 3 and 4. l During the Base Game all Wilds that land within the Power Range™ are given a multiplier of 2X. l During Free Spins the Power Range™ covers all of reels 2, 3 and 4. l During Free Spins all Wilds that land within the Power Range™ are randomly given a multiplier of 2X, 3X or 5X. Jackpot Feature l Matching 3 icons awards the respective Jackpot value. l This feature is triggered when the diamond meter is filled. If a Wild lands on screen during the Base Game it contributes to the diamond meter. l If a Wild lands inside the Power Range™ it contributes to the diamond meter twice. l The progress of the diamond meter scales with bet. l If the value collected would fill the diamond meter multiple times, the Jackpot prizes are multiplied accordingly and the game is played once. l Changing bet does not affect the RTP of the game. l If this feature and Free Spins trigger simultaneously, this feature plays out first. l This feature can trigger in the Base Game only. l Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Buy Feature l Instantly trigger Free Spins Selection at the current bet. l The Buy Feature cost is the Total Bet multiplied by 50. l The Buy Feature may not be available above a certain bet threshold. l This feature may not be available in this game. Return to Player l The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. l This value is fixed and does not change. l This game has an RTP of 96.44%. l The RTP during the Buy Feature feature is 96.44%. Last modification date: 3/9/2022