5 Star Knockout About this Game This is a 5 reel 4 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Bet Rules lEach spin played costs a total bet amount. Payout Rules lThe payout value is based on the winning combination formed. lIf multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. lThe Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. lThe total payout is the sum of all payline wins resulting from a spin. lThe win over value is achieved from the cumulative winnings of an entire Free Spins session. Payline Rules lA payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. lA win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. lPayline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. lPayline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. lThe number of paylines played is fixed. lThe payout value is based on the winning combination formed. lThis game includes 20 paylines. Scatter Symbols lStar symbols are Scatter symbols. lThis symbol does not have a payout. Award Board lEach symbol, except the Star symbol, has a Star Meter on the award board. lLand Star symbols to populate the empty spots on the Star Meters lCollect 5 stars on a Star Meter to fill the Star Meter. lThe number of collected stars on the award board is saved per bet. Bonus Stars lBonus Stars are awarded Star symbols. lBonus Stars do not land on the reels. lWhen the award board is empty, starting a spin will award 12 Bonus stars. lBonus stars randomly populate the Star Meters. lBonus stars cannot trigger Free Spins. Free Spins lFill a Star Meter with 5 Stars to trigger Free Spins. lThe first filled Star Meter awards 5 Free Spins. lAny subsequently filled Star Meter when the bonus is triggered and during the bonus, awards an extra 2 Free Spins. lThe symbol represented by a filled Star Meter is knocked off the reels. lKnocked off symbols are unavailable until the end of the bonus. lAt the start of Free Spins, a multiplier between 2x and 5x is randomly awarded. lFree Spins wins are multiplied by the random multiplier. lWins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. lAll bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. lAll lines played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. lFree Spins play out automatically. lFree Spins cannot be retriggered. lMultipliers are available during Free Spins. Win Spin lWin Spins are respins that are triggered randomly. lThis feature is available in base game only. lUp to 3 respins can trigger on a single spin. lIf new winning combinations are formed, the feature triggers again. lThe feature continues until no winning combinations are present on the reels. lWin Spins can trigger Free Spins. Autoplay lThis feature is available in base game only. lAutoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. lSpins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. lWin Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. lLoss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. lThe number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. lSpins are played at the current selected bet. lSome settings and features may not be available in this game. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. lAutoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. lBet button: Displays options to change the current bet. lMenu button: Displays additional game options. lSounds: Enables game sounds. lBet: Displays the current total bet. lTotal Win: Displays the most recent total win. lBalance: Displays the current balances. lSome settings and features may not be available in this game. Game Menu lGame Rules button: Displays payout tables and game rules. lBanking button: Displays the banking page. lHome button: Exits the game. lClose button: Closes the game menu. Additional Information lIn the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. lThe balance is updated with the amount won or lost. lThe results of the last game played are displayed. lIf a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. lAny changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. lAny features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. lThe win over value is achieved from the cumulative winnings of an entire Free Spins session. lSome settings and features may not be available in this game. lMalfunction voids all pays and plays. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. lThis game has an RTP of 96.09%. lThis value is fixed and does not change.