Raging Gods: Olympus About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Payline Rules This game includes 20 fixed paylines. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Betting and Payout Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. Wins are multiplied by the total bet. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins resulting from a spin. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Wild Symbols This Symbol appears in the base game only. Wild Symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wild Symbols can substitute for all symbols except Bonus Symbols. Wild Symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. Bonus Symbols There are three Bonus Symbols, and each is associated with the Feature in the POWER COMBO Bonus Game. On every base game spin, any Bonus Symbol has a chance to trigger the POWER COMBO Bonus Game. When a Bonus Symbol lands in the POWER COMBO Bonus Game, it applies the associated Feature's effect. POWER COMBO Bonus Game The combination of Bonus Symbols collected during the triggering spin determines the POWER COMBO Bonus Game Features awarded. Only the Bonus Symbols representing active Features appear on the reels. The POWER COMBO Bonus Game begins with 3 spins. The POWER COMBO Bonus Game has a special reel set with Bonus Prize Symbols, Bonus Symbols, Jackpot Gem Symbols and blank positions only. All Bonus Prize Symbols that land are locked on the reels during the feature. Jackpot Gem Symbols and Bonus Symbols disappear from their positions after applying their respective effects. Each unlocked position spins individually. Each time at least 1 symbol lands, the number of spins resets to 3. This feature ends when there are no spins left. POWER COMBO Bonus Game Jackpots There are 4 Jackpot Gem Symbols that can land on the reels during POWER COMBO Bonus Game. Each Jackpot Gem Symbol is associated with a specific Jackpot. Each time a Jackpot Gem Symbol lands on the reels, it is added to the corresponding Jackpot. Three of the same Jackpot Gem Symbols award the corresponding Jackpot. The possible Jackpot prizes are: Mini - 10x, Minor - 20x, Major - 200x, and Mega - 5 000x. The Mini Jackpot, Minor Jackpot, and Major Jackpot can be won multiple times during one POWER COMBO Bonus Game. The Mega Jackpot can be won only once during the feature. POWER COMBO Bonus Game Features During the POWER COMBO Bonus Game, only the Bonus Symbols representing active Features are on the reels. When a Bonus Symbol lands in the POWER COMBO Bonus Game, it applies the associated Feature's effect and disappears afterwards, leaving an empty position. There are three POWER COMBO Bonus Game Features that can trigger alone or in any combination. Prize Booster Feature Prize Booster Feature upgrades all cash prizes on the board by 0.25x, 0.5x, 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, or 5x the bet. The value is randomized each time the associated symbol lands and applies to the current spin only. If more than 1 Feature is active during the POWER COMBO Bonus Game, Prize Booster Feature always activates first. Extra Collect Feature Extra Collect Feature collects all cash prizes from the symbols on the board and adds the sum to the total win. If more than 1 Feature is active during the POWER COMBO Bonus Game, Extra Collect Feature always activates after Prize Booster Feature, but before Instant Jackpot Feature. Instant Jackpot Feature Instant Jackpot Feature fills in one of the Jackpots, awarding it instantly. If more than 1 Feature is active during the POWER COMBO Bonus Game, Instant Jackpot Feature always activates last. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. This feature is available in base game only. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. When all Autoplay rounds are played, 3 options are presented: "START" starts the same number of Autoplay rounds with the same settings, "MORE" opens the Autoplay settings, "X" closes the feature. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Bet Settings Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Balance: Displays the current balances. Spacebar: Pressing this keyboard button starts or stops a spin. This does not influence the result of the spin. Spacebar: Holding this keyboard button starts a quickspin. This does not influence the result of the spin. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Game Menu Sounds: Enables game sounds. Home button: Exits the game. Banking button: Displays the banking page. Help button: Displays help and additional information. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Menu button: Toggles the game menu. Game Settings Push spacebar to spin: enables or disables this option. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of additional game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired, the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Translation of Game Terms Big Win = Big Win Super Win = Super Win Mega Win = Mega Win MINI = Mini MINOR = Minor MEGA = Mega MAJOR = Major Wild = Wild Prize Booster = Prize Booster Extra Collect = Extra Collect Instant Jackpot = Instant Jackpot POWER COMBO = POWER COMBO Bonus = Bonus Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. If the Bonus Game is interrupted during play, the game round can be replayed after restarting the game. If an option to skip the replay is chosen after restarting the game, the win will be added to the balance immediately. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Malfunction Voids plays and pays. RTP: 94.13% Last modification date: 3/18/2026