Jungle Jim - El Dorado About Jungle Jim - El Dorado Jungle Jim - El Dorado is a five reel, twenty-five payline, and two hundred and fifty coin slot machine, including: Regular symbols Wild symbol Scatter symbol Rolling Reels™ feature Free Spins bonus game Paytable Achievements feature Game Rules General Your bet is dependent on the number of coins and coin size played. All payout tables display the number of coins or credits that are won for each combination. All payout table win amounts in PlayCheck are displayed in coins. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size bet. Only one regular winning combination is paid out per payline and you are paid out the value of the highest win. Only one scatter winning combination is paid out per spin and you are paid out the value of the highest win. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. If you have a winning combination, the win is highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. Regular symbols Matching symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, starting from the first slot reel. Regular payouts depend on your bet per payline. Wild symbol This symbol does not substitute for the scatter symbol. This symbol only appears on reels 2, 3 and 4. This symbol does not create its own win. Scatter symbol This symbol does not need to appear on an enabled payline to win. This symbol only appears on reels 1, 2 and 3. This symbol cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. Scatter payouts depend on your total bet. Rolling Reels™ feature Any win activates the Rolling Reels™ feature, except for scatter symbol winning combinations. Winning symbol combinations are removed from the reels after you are paid out. If a winning combination results from the shifting symbols, you are paid out again. The symbols above the removed symbols shift position to fill the empty spaces. You are awarded a multiplier value for each rolling reel. The multiplier value increases on every consecutive win. This process repeats itself, increasing your chances of winning without betting on another spin. Free Spins bonus game The last bet you placed in the game is used as the free spins bet amount. The bonus game can be re-activated during the free spins. Additional free spins are added to your remaining free spins. Winnings are automatically collected during the bonus game. Paytable Achievements feature Tracks your win status by highlighting symbol combinations you have won. When you win all combinations for the same symbol it is highlighted. Achievements are permanently highlighted on the payout table, even after you exit the game. Regular game wins are logged as achievements. Wild symbol substitute wins are not logged as achievements. Scatter symbol wins are not logged as achievements. Free spins wins are not logged as achievements. AutoPlay AutoPlay enables you to automatically play a set number of consecutive games without interacting with the game. AutoPlay plays with the last bet value you selected, so you must select a bet amount before starting AutoPlay. Each game has different options and AutoPlay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. The number of spins remaining in your AutoPlay session is displayed in the game. To start AutoPlay: Select a bet amount. Select and hold Spin or select AutoPlay . In some games this starts the session and it continues until you select Stop . Select your AutoPlay options. Select Start AutoPlay , Play or Spin . Select Stop to end AutoPlay. Selecting this button does not influence the results of the spin. AutoPlay Options Number of spins Set the number of spins you want to play. Bet settings Set the bet amount you want to play. Until stop Set the session to play until you select to stop. This does not influence the results of the spin. Win Limit or If win at least Stop the session if the win exceeds or equals the amount selected. Loss Limit or If amount drops by Stop the session if your balance decreases and drops below or equals the amount selected. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Quick spin Quick spin increases the reel spin speed to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. To turn quick spin on in a game: Select Settings . Select Gameplay Settings . Select Quick spin . To disable quick spin, select Quick spin again. Change my bet amount Select Bet or go to game settings to choose your bet options. Bet Options Bet options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. Coin Size Selects the coin size you want to bet. Coins Per Line Selects the number of coins you want to bet per payline. Max Bet or Max Places the maximum bet permitted. Depending on your game, this can convert the coin size and the number of coins to the maximum bet permitted. Game Controls Options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. Balance box Displays your casino balances. Bet box Displays your total bet amount per spin. You can change your total bet amount per spin using the bet box. Win box Displays your most recent wins. Displays the game settings. Spin button Starts the game. Stop button Displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Displays the game payout tables. View pay tables or rules If the game rules or pay table are not displayed on the main game screen, there are different options you can use to view the details. Depending on the game you are playing, you can either: Select right arrow to view details. Select Menu and select Paytables to view details. Change settings Select left arrow to Settings . Change the relevant settings. Select right arrow to the game. Go to the lobby Depending on the game you are playing, there are different ways to go to the lobby. You can either: Select left arrow to Settings and select Back to Lobby . Or slide down to go to the lobby. Select Home to go the lobby. Mute sounds Depending on the game you are playing, there are different ways to mute sounds. You can either: Slide right to settings or go to game settings to turn sounds on or off. Spin and Stop in slots Select Spin to start the game. The Spin becomes a Stop . Select Stop to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. The theoretical return to player (RTP) is 96.31% Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 11/11/2020