Rome: Fight For Gold About this Game This is a 5 reel 4 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Payline Rules This game includes 40 paylines. The number of paylines played is fixed. Line wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right only on adjacent reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the payline cost of 20. Payout Rules Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins and Collect wins resulting from a spin. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Wild Symbol Wilds can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wilds can substitute for all symbols except Scatters, Coins and Collect symbols. Collect Feature Land a Coin for a chance to increase your win! Coins appear on reels 1 - 4. When a Collect symbol lands on reel 5, the total value of all the Coins on the reels is awarded. Bronze Coin awards 1x - 9x bet. Silver Coin awards 10x, 12x, 15x or 20x bet. Gold Coin awards 25x, 30x, 40x or 50x bet. A Collect symbol may include a 2x - 5x multiplier. The multiplier is applied to the total value of all Coins on reels. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. This feature can trigger in base game. Scatter Symbol Scatters appear on reels 2, 3, and 4 in the base game. This symbol does not have a payout. Bonus Feature Land 3 Scatters to trigger the Bonus Feature. 3 Bonus spins are awarded. There are special Bonus symbols for the Bonus feature. If a Bonus symbol appears, the spins left count is readjusted to the reset value. The initial reset value is 3. This feature can trigger in base game. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Bonus Feature Symbols Bonus symbols are Coins, Antonius Multiplier and Helena Extra Spin symbols. Bronze Coin awards 1x - 5x bet. Silver Coin awards 10x or 20x bet. Gold Coin awards 50x bet. When a Coin lands it will remain in position until the end of the Bonus. Antonius Multiplier symbols may include a 1x - 5x multiplier. This value is added to the current multiplier of the Bonus feature. The Bonus feature starts with a 1x multiplier. The Bonus feature multiplier is applied to the total value of Coins. Antonius Multiplier symbols are removed from the following Bonus spin. Helena Extra Spin symbol increases the reset value of the spins by 1. Helena Extra Spin symbols are removed from the following Bonus spin. Bonus Grand Prize The Grand Prize is awarded when 20 Coins land on the reels. The Grand Prize award is 20000x bet. The Grand Prize award is added to a total Bonus award. Boost Activating the Boost increases win potential. The base game offers more Coins, bigger average Coin rewards and multipliers for Collect Symbols. The chance of landing Antonius Multiplier and Helena Extra Spin symbols in the Bonus is increased. The total bet is increased by 50%. This feature does not affect symbol pays. This feature can be activated in the base game. Autoplay This feature is available in base game only. Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Balance: Displays the current balances. Game Menu Menu button: Displays additional game options. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Audio button: Toggles the game audio. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Translation of Game Terms The translated terms are only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. Antonius - Character name Big Win - Big Win Bonus - Bonus Boost - Boost mode Boosted - Boosted Collect - Collect symbol label Epic Win - Epic Win Extra Spin - Extra Spin Helena - Character name Mega Win - Mega Win Multiplier - Multiplier Scatter - Scatter symbol label Win Up To - Win up to advertisement Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. The Return to Player is defined at different stages or modes of the game. Values are calculated initially by dividing the total payouts by the total bets from a simulation of numerous game rounds. Values reflect the average expected return and do not change. Overall RTP: 94.40%. Boost Mode RTP: 94.40%. Last modification date: 8/16/2023