Legendary Treasures About this Game This is a 5 reel 4 row video slot game. This game has 40 lines. It features Free Spins, Super Free Spins, Wild symbols, Buy Free Spins, Buy Super Free Spins, random cash prizes, and Scatter pays. General Win on a line pays if the same symbol appears in succession on adjacent reels, from the leftmost position to the rightmost position according to the PAYTABLE. Only the highest win per line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different lines are added. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except Free Spins symbols, Pyramid symbols, Artifact symbols, and Scatters. Wild symbols substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a line according to the PAYTABLE. Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. Free Spins and Scatter pays cannot trigger in the same spin. Super Free Spins and Scatter pays cannot trigger in the same spin. Pyramid symbols Pyramid symbols only appear on reels 1 and 5 in the base game. Landing 2 Pyramid symbols triggers the Treasure Barrel and pays out a random cash prize. Pyramid symbols do not trigger the Treasure Barrel on the spin that triggers Super Free Spins. Treasure Barrel payouts are added to line wins. Scatters In the base game, landing at least 4 Scatters anywhere on the reels in one spin pays out. In the base game, Scatters pay when the spin is complete. Only the highest paying count of the Scatters pays out. The Scatter payout is awarded as a multiple of the total bet according to the PAYTABLE. Scatter payouts are added to line wins. Free Spins Free Spins symbols only appear on reels 2, 3, and 4 in the base game. 3 Free Spins symbols awards 3 Free Spins. Free Spins always starts with a Multiplier of x1. Free Spins has a Artifact symbol that exists only on reel 5. Landing a Artifact symbol triggers the Feature Barrel. In Free Spins, the Feature Barrel can award Cash Collect, Barrel Upgrade, Multiplier Boost, Reset Extra or Super Free Spins. In Free Spins, Scatters do not pay when they land, instead they are collected. Collected Scatters are tracked on the Treasure Barrel. The Scatter pay is only awarded when the feature is complete and is based on the total number of Scatters collected. A maximum of 12 Scatters can be collected. When one or more Scatters are collected in a spin, and the total number of Scatters collected is less than 12, the Free Spins counter is reset at the end of that spin. When the maximum of 12 Scatters has been collected, any other Scatters remaining on the visible reel area will not be collected, and the Free Spins counter will not reset. The maximum cumulative total win in Free Spins is capped at 25000x bet. When the cap is reached the feature completes. The last bet placed in the game is used as the Free Spins bet amount. Super Free Spins Super Free Spins can be triggered from the base game or Free Spins. Landing 3 Free Spins and 2 Pyramid symbols in the base game awards 3 Super Free Spins with a starting Multiplier of x1. If Super Free Spins triggered from the Feature Barrel, all collected Scatters and all features unlocked in Free Spins will carry over to Super Free Spins. The current Scatter pay on the Treasure Barrel pays out at the end of each spin. Collected Scatters are tracked on the Treasure Barrel. A maximum of 12 Scatters can be collected. When one or more Scatters are collected in a spin, and the total number of Scatters collected is less than 12, the Free Spins counter is reset at the end of that spin. When the maximum of 12 Scatters has been collected, any other Scatters remaining on the visible reel area will not be collected, and the Free Spins counter will not reset. Super Free Spins has a Artifact symbol that exists only on reel 5. The maximum cumulative total win in Super Free Spins is capped at 25000x bet. When the cap is reached the feature completes. Landing a Artifact symbol triggers the Feature Barrel. In Super Free Spins the Feature Barrel can award Barrel Upgrade, Multiplier Boost or Reset Extra. The last bet placed in the game is used as the Super Free Spins bet amount. Artifact symbol The Artifact symbol exists only on reel 5 in Free Spins and Super Free Spins. When the Artifact symbol lands it resets the Free Spins counter and triggers the Feature Barrel. When 12 Scatters are collected, the Artifact symbol does not reset the counter. Feature Barrel The Feature Barrel can award one of the following features: Cash Collect awards the cash prize of the Scatters currently collected on the Treasure Barrel. Cash Collect feature is available after collecting 4 Scatters. Barrel Upgrade upgrades all the prizes on the Treasure Barrel. Barrel Upgrade feature can be triggered up to 4 times. Multiplier Boost upgrades the Multiplier by x1. The Multiplier has a cap at x3. The Multiplier only applies to line wins. Reset Extra increases the Free Spins counter reset value by 1. The Free Spins counter has a cap of 6 spins. Super Free Spins upgrades the current Free Spins to Super Free Spins. Cash Collect and Super Free Spins are not available in the Feature Barrel in Super Free Spins. Buy Free Spins In the Buy Free Spins feature, guaranteed Free Spins can be purchased at a multiple of the current bet. 3 Free Spins can be purchased for 85x the current bet. When choosing the Buy Free Spins feature, 3 Free Spins are placed on reels 2, 3, and 4. There is a chance to trigger Super Free Spins on a regular Free Spins purchase. The Buy Free Spins feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Buy Free Spins feature can only be used at any time a bet change can take place. Buy Super Free Spins In the Buy Super Free Spins feature, guaranteed Super Free Spins can be purchased at a multiple of the current bet. 3 Super Free Spins can be purchased for 500x the current bet. When choosing the Buy Super Free Spins feature, 3 Free Spins symbols are placed on reels 2, 3, and 4 and 2 Pyramid symbols are placed on reels 1 and 5. The Buy Super Free Spins feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Buy Super Free Spins feature can only be used at any time a bet change can take place. Game Terms Translations The following list is only applicable in a language other than English SCATTER / SCATTERS - SCATTER / SCATTERS WILD - WILD ARTIFACT - ARTIFACT PYRAMID - PYRAMID TREASURE SPIN - TREASURE SPIN MULTIPLIER - MULTIPLIER MULTIPLIER BOOST - MULTIPLIER BOOST BARREL UPGRADE - BARREL UPGRADE RESET EXTRA - RESET EXTRA CASH COLLECT - CASH COLLECT LAST SPIN - LAST SPIN FREE SPINS - FREE SPINS SUPER FREE SPINS - SUPER FREE SPINS TREASURE BARREL - TREASURE BARREL BUY - BUY BUY FREE SPINS - BUY FREE SPINS BUY SUPER FREE SPINS - BUY SUPER FREE SPINS BIG WIN - BIG WIN MEGA WIN - MEGA WIN EPIC WIN - EPIC WIN JUST FOR THE WIN - JUST FOR THE WIN Game Controls Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Spin Button: Start the game with the current bet size as displayed in the bet field. Clicking or tapping anywhere on the reels during a spin displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button: Select a number of spins to auto play by selecting a value. Start and stop the Autoplay by pressing the spin button. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Balance field: Displays the current account balance. Bet field: Displays the current bet size. Total and Win field: Displays the pay in a winning round. Game Menu Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Sound button: Turn sound on or off. Autoplay settings: Select a number of spins to auto play by selecting a value. Start and stop the Autoplay by pressing the spin button. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Banking button: Navigate to the Banking pages. Lobby button: Navigate back to the lobby. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Values are calculated initially by dividing the total payouts by the total bets from a simulation of numerous game rounds. Values reflect the maximum expected return and do not change. RTP with Buy Free Spins: 94.20%. RTP with Buy Free Spins (Super Free Spins): 94.20%. RTP without Buy Free Spins: 94.20%. Last modification date: 9/4/2023