Numero Uno About Numero Uno ´üČ This game is a 5 reel and 3 row video slot game. ´üČ This game includes 243 ways. ´üČ The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. ´üČ Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. General Bet and Payout Rules ´üČ All 243 pay ways are permanently enabled. ´üČ The bet size is the total number of credits bet per spin. ´üČ The total number of credits bet per spin is your credits bet multiplied by the bet multiplier. Only the total number of credits bet per spin is displayed in the game. ´üČ A bet multiplier of 10 applies per spin. ´üČ For example, 0.10 credits x 10 bet multiplier = 1.00 total credits bet per spin. ´üČ Payouts are based on the bet placed. ´üČ All paytables display the payout for each symbol combination based on your current bet. ´üČ Only one regular winning combination is paid out per pay way and you are paid out the value of the highest win. ´üČ Only one scatter winning combination is paid out per spin and you are paid out the value of the highest win. ´üČ Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. Regular symbols ´üČ Regular symbols are all symbols on the reels that do not have a bonus feature but complete regular winning combinations on enabled pay ways. ´üČ Matching regular symbols must be next to each other on an enabled pay way. ´üČ Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, starting from the first slot reel. ´üČ Regular payouts depend on your bet per spin. Wild symbol ´üČ This symbol substitutes for other symbols to complete wins. ´üČ This symbol does not substitute for the scatter symbol. ´üČ This symbol does not appear on reels 1 and 2. ´üČ This symbol creates a symbol stack on reels 3, 4 and 5. ´üČ This symbol does not create its own winning combination. Scatter symbol ´üČ This symbol does not need to appear on adjacent reels to complete a win. ´üČ This symbol cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. ´üČ This symbol does not contribute to the Rolling ReelsÔäó feature during the base game. ´üČ This symbol creates its own winning combination. ´üČ Scatter payouts depend on your total bet. Rolling ReelsÔäó feature ´üČ Any win activates the Rolling ReelsÔäó feature, except the scatter symbol winning combination. ´üČ Winning symbol combinations are removed from the reels after you are paid out. ´üČ The symbols above the removed symbols shift position to fill the empty spaces. ´üČ If you have a win from the shifting symbols, you are paid out again. ´üČ This process repeats itself, increasing your chances of winning without betting on another spin. ´üČ This continues until you do not have a win. ´üČ During Free Spins you are awarded a multiplier value for each rolling reel. The multiplier value increases on every consecutive win. ´üČ During Free Spins, once the Rolling ReelsÔäó are activated, you are awarded a 2x multiplier with a maximum multiplier value of 10x. ´üČ Winnings are automatically collected during this feature. Free Spins ´üČ 3, 4 or 5 scatter symbols scattered on the reels triggers 15, 20 or 25 free spins respectively. ´üČ You can win up to a 10x multiplier value. ´üČ Rolling ReelsÔäó is available during this feature. ´üČ The win amounts displayed are already multiplied by your total bet amount. ´üČ Free Spins cannot be retriggered. ´üČ When 3, 4 or 5 scatter symbols are scattered on the reels, they only form a winning combination. ´üČ The last bet you placed in the game is used as the free spins bet amount. ´üČ Winnings are automatically collected during this feature. Wild Showdown feature ´üČ This feature is randomly activated during the base game. A random reel is transformed into a wild reel. ´üČ Only reels 2, 3 and 4 are transformed. ´üČ Rolling ReelsÔäó are not available during this feature. ´üČ The Wild Showdown is not available during free spins. ´üČ Winnings are automatically collected during this feature. Return to Player (RTP) ´üČ The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. ´üČ Values are calculated initially by piding the total possible payouts by the total possible outcomes that are available within the game. ´üČ Values reflect the average expected return and do not change. ´üČ Overall RTP: 95.22%. Autoplay ´üČ Autoplay enables you to automatically play a set number of consecutive games without interacting with the game. ´üČ Autoplay plays with the last bet value you selected, so you must select a bet amount before starting Autoplay. ´üČ You can select the number of spins you want to play. ´üČ The number of spins remaining in your Autoplay session is displayed in the game. ´üČ You can choose to stop Autoplay at any time during the session. ´üČ This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Change my bet amount ´üČ Options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. ´üČ Bet button: Displays your bet options. ´üČ Bet Size: Places the total bet amount you want to bet per spin. ´üČ Quick bet: Displays a range of quick betting options to select your total bet amount. ´üČ Max Bet: Places the maximum bet permitted. Game Controls ´üČ Options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. ´üČ Credits box: Displays your balances. ´üČ Win box: Displays your most recent wins. ´üČ Bet box: Displays your total bet amount per spin. ´üČ Bet button: Displays your bet options. ´üČ Spin button: Starts your game. ´üČ Stop button: Displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. ´üČ Autoplay button: Displays your Autoplay options. ´üČ Autoplay Stop button: Displays the number of spins remaining and can stop the session. This does not influence the results of the spin. ´üČ Quick spin button: Increases the game play to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. ´üČ Menu button: Displays the game settings and game paytable. Last modification date: 8/12/2022