Viking Queen About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Payline Rules This game includes 25 paylines. The number of paylines played is fixed. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the paylines played. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the number of paylines played. Payout Rules Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The Paytable displays the payouts in a player's currency. The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins resulting from a spin. Wild Symbols Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Shield and Free Spins symbols. Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. Map Feature This feature is available in base game only. The Map tracks the progress of the multiplier achieved that will apply to Free Spins wins. The multiplier starts at x1, and can increase up to x10. The current Free Spins multiplier is displayed at the bottom of the map. The shield icon shows the progress towards the next Free Spins multiplier spot. Each multiplier spot is an increasing number of steps away. When the shield reaches a spot, the map will update to show the progression to the next spot multiplier. Map progress is stored per bet. Shield Symbols Shield symbols appear in base game only. Shield symbols do not have a payout. Each Shield symbol that lands advances the shield icon a step further on the Map, and then becomes a Free Spins symbol. Free Spins 3, 4 or 5 Free Spins symbols anywhere on the reels trigger this feature. 10 Free Spins are awarded. 1, 2, 3, 4 or 5 Free Spins symbols anywhere on the reels during Free Spins retrigger this feature. 2, 5, 10, 20 or 50 Free Spins are awarded respectively. Free Spins can be retriggered infinitely. Free Spins play out automatically. All Free Spins wins are multiplied by the triggering multiplier. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. All lines played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Total Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Win Feature: Select this option to end Autoplay session when trigger feature. Single Win: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Spins are played at the current selected bet. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The results of the last game played are displayed. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. This game has an RTP of 96.92%. The average payout per 1 Euro spent is 96.92 cents. The probability of max win is 0.00000000000000070145%. About Author: Microgaming Malfunction voids all plays and pays. The win up to amounts displayed on payout tables are rounded off values, and are an approximate value of the highest win possible for the game. Last modification date: 4/5/2022