Gold Blitz Extreme About this Game This is a 6 reel, 4 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Way Rules This game includes 4096 ways. A way is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other in this pattern. Way wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the ways played. The bet multiplier is 10. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the way cost of 10. Payout Rules Way win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The total payout is the sum of all way wins and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. If multiple winning combinations land on a single way, only the highest win is awarded. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Collect Feature Collect symbol Cash symbol The Collect symbol appears on reels 1 and 6 in base game and Gold Blitz™. Cash symbols appear on all reels in base game and Gold Blitz™. The feature triggers when a Collect symbol and a Cash symbol land. Each Collect symbol awards all landed Cash symbols. Cash symbol values range from 0.2x to 20x in base game. Cash symbol values range from 0.2x to 100x in Gold Blitz™. Cash symbol values are multiplied by the total bet. Cash and Collect symbols do not appear in Free Spins Bonus Choice Scatter symbol Scatters can create their own winning combination when landing anywhere on the reels. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. 3 or more Scatters award a payout and a bonus choice. 3 Scatter symbols award 8 Free Spins or 2 Spins in Gold Blitz™. 4 Scatter symbols award 12 Free Spins or 3 Spins in Gold Blitz™. 5 Scatter symbols award 20 Free Spins or 5 Spins in Gold Blitz™. 6 Scatter symbols award 30 Free Spins or 7 Spins in Gold Blitz™. Respin Feature 1 free respin is awarded when Collect symbols land on reels 1 and 6, no Cash symbols land, and the Bonus Choice is not triggered. Reels 1 and 6 lock, and reels 2 - 5 respin with Cash symbols and blank positions. 1 or more Cash symbols are guaranteed to land. This feature is available in base game only. This feature cannot retrigger. Any way wins are paid out before the feature begins. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. All wins are awarded once the feature is complete. Rising Rewards™ Jackpot Feature Token To accumulate a token, a Cash symbol must land without landing a Collect symbol. 1 - 4 Jackpot values will increase by 0.1x - 1x bet each time tokens are accumulated per spin. Accumulate tokens for a chance to trigger the Jackpot feature in the base game. Cash prizes and 1 - 4 Jackpots can be awarded. Every Cash prize and Jackpot revealed is awarded. Each Jackpot can be awarded multiple times in the Jackpot feature. Once a Jackpot has been awarded, that specific Jackpot resets to its starting value. Subsequent awards of the same Jackpot pay out the starting value. The Paytable displays the starting value of each jackpot. Jackpot values scale with bet changes. The probability of triggering the Jackpot feature changes as the Jackpot values change. This feature and Bonus Choice cannot be triggered simultaneously. This feature cannot trigger during the Respin feature. The graphical collection pot in the game is purely for visual entertainment and as such does not influence awarding a Jackpot. Rising Rewards™ Bonus Multiplier The Bonus Multiplier is displayed in the Bonus Multiplier meter. The Bonus Multiplier can increase in base game. The Bonus Multiplier applies to every win in the Free Spins and Gold Blitz™ features. The Bonus Multiplier increases by 0.5x when 2 Bonus Scatters land in base game on reels 1 - 5, and Bonus Choice is not triggered. The maximum Bonus Multiplier accumulated during the base game is 5x. The Bonus Multiplier resets to 1x after Free Spins or Gold Blitz™ is completed. The Bonus Multiplier may randomly increase by 0.5x or 1x upon return to base game. Wild Symbols Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except Scatter, Cash, and Collect symbols. The Wild symbol appears on reels 2 - 6 in base game. The Wild Symbol appears on reels 2 - 4 in Free Spins. This symbol does not have a payout. Free Spins This feature is a Bonus Choice selection. A Multiplier of either 2x, 3x, or 5x is awarded per Wild symbol when in a way win. Each Wild Multiplier will multiply the win awarded on that way. The Bonus Multiplier multiplies the total win of every spin. During Free Spins, 2, 3, 4, 5, or 6 Scatter symbols award 5, 8, 12, 20, or 30, additional Free Spins, respectively. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Free Spins play out automatically. The Cash and Collect symbols do not appear in Free Spins. The following base game symbols do not appear in Free Spins: All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. All ways played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Gold Blitz™ This feature is a Bonus Choice selection. Collect Retrigger symbol Retrigger symbol Only Collect, Collect Retrigger, Retrigger and Cash symbols appear in the Gold Blitz™ feature. All other reel positions are blank. A Collect symbol is guaranteed to land on reel 1 on every spin. A Collect symbol may also land on reel 6 and collect all Cash symbols that appear. The Collect Retrigger symbol and the Retrigger symbol are available on reel 6. The Collect Retrigger symbol awards all landed Cash symbols and 1 additional Gold Blitz™ spin. All Collect and Collect Retrigger symbol payouts appear combined in the win payout shown below the reels and in Game History. The Retrigger symbol awards 1 additional Gold Blitz™ spin. Cash symbol pays in Gold Blitz™ can be higher than the pays available in base game. The Bonus Multiplier multiplies the total win of every spin. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered the feature Bonus Buy Use the Bonus Buy to purchase Free Spins or Gold Blitz™. The Bonus Buy feature options available are: 3 Scatter symbols awards 8 Free Spins or 2 Spins in Gold Blitz™. 4 Scatter symbols awards 12 Free Spins or 3 Spins in Gold Blitz™. 5 Scatter symbols awards 20 Free Spins or 5 Spins in Gold Blitz™. 6 Scatter symbols awards 30 Free Spins or 7 Spins in Gold Blitz™. Features are purchased at the prices displayed. Features with a 1x Bonus Mutlipler are purchased at 30x, 50x, 80x and 120x bet respectively. The Bonus Multiplier applies to the selected feature. Free Spins and Gold Blitz™ features are played at the current bet. Feature pricing scales with Bonus Multiplier changes. The feature ends after the final Free Spins or Gold Blitz™ spin has completed. This feature is available in base game only. Bonus Buy or some Bonus Buy options may not be available above a certain bet threshold. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. This feature is available in base game only. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. A bet amount must be set before starting the Autoplay session, as Autoplay plays with the last bet value. Triggering the Jackpot feature or Bonus Choice feature stops Autoplay. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Select the stop button to stop the current reel spin. This can also be done by selecting the reels. This does not influence the results of the spin. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Bet Decrease button: Decreases the current bet. Bet Increase button: Increases the current bet. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. AutoPlay Stop button: Displays the number of spins remaining and can stop the session. This does not influence the results of the spin. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Quickspin button: Disables Quickspin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Exit button: Exits the game. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Return button: Returns to the game. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Help button: Displays help and additional information. Game History button: Displays game win history information. Banking button: Displays the banking page. Lobby button: Exits the game. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Sounds: Disables game sounds. Loyalty Transaction History Player Protection Responsible Gaming Discard Game Settings The Settings panel provides access to multiple game settings. Balance: Displays the current balances. The balance is displayed in currency and is available in the console bar. Credits: Displays the current balances. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Bet Amount: Sets the current bet value. Bet Value buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Win: Displays the most recent win. Once the reels stop, winning combinations are highlighted. The win amount is displayed in the win box. Music: Enables game music. All Sounds setting controls all sounds, including game and background sounds. Game Sounds setting controls console and spin sounds, as well as sounds for winning combinations and sequences. (Only enabled if All Sounds is ON.) Background Music setting controls background music. (Only enabled if All Sounds is ON.) Buy Feature button: Displays the option to purchase the Bonus Buy feature. The spin button can be repositioned by selecting it and choosing a preferred position. Bet Settings Bet Amount: Sets the current bet value. Bet Value buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Max Bet button: Sets the current bet to the maximum value. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. This feature is only available in selected games. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Last modification date: 2/28/2024