Luck of the Devil Power Combo About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Payline Rules This game includes 40 paylines. The number of paylines played is fixed. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the payline cost of 10. Payout Rules Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins resulting from a spin. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The win over value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. Wild Symbols Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wild symbols appear on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Scatters. Wild symbols do not have a payout. Wild symbols appear in base game only. Scatter Symbols The game has 3 different coloured Scatter symbols: red, green and blue. This symbol appears in base game only. This symbol does not have a payout. The graphical collection of Scatter symbols in this game is purely for visual entertainment and as such does not influence triggering the features. General Rules for Link&Win™ Features The feature can trigger only in the base game. Each Scatter symbol can trigger its individual Link&Win™ with special feature. Different coloured Scatter symbols on the same spin can trigger Link&Win™ with combined features. 3 free respins are awarded. Only Coin symbols and blank reel symbol spaces appear on the reels. During Link&Win™ features triggered by blue or green Scatter, the Coin symbols are golden and carry a grey prize. During Link&Win™ feature triggered by red Scatter, the Coin symbols can also carry red, blue or green prize. Triggering Scatters are turned to Coin symbols and they are held in place while all other symbol positions respin. Each Coin symbol is allocated a random multiplier value. The multiplier values allocated are 0.5x, 1x, 1.5x, 2x, 3x, 5x, 7.5x, 10x and 20x. The multiplier values are multiplied by the total bet. Every Coin symbol that lands remains on screen for the duration of the feature. When Coin symbol lands anywhere on the reels, all spin counters are reset to 3. The feature ends when no respins remain or when there are no symbol positions available. Filling all positions awards additionally Mini, Major and Mega jackpots. Mega Jackpot awards 5 000x total bet. Major Jackpot awards 100x total bet. Mini Jackpot awards 10x total bet. When the win cap limit is reached, the feature will be completed. The win cap limit is 15 000x. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Link&Win™ triggered by Blue Scatter The blue Scatter symbol can trigger Link&Win™ with Collection Power feature. The values of Coins triggering the collection are not awarded at this point. When a Coin symbol lands, all values from the Coins that have landed on previous spins, are awarded to the player immediately. Link&Win™ Triggered by Red Scatter The red Scatter symbol can trigger Link&Win™ with Jackpot Power feature. During this feature, collecting Coins with coloured prizes can award an additional prize. 3 Coins with red prize award Mega Jackpot, 3 Coins with blue prize award Major Jackpot, 3 Coins with green prize award Mini Jackpot. Mega Jackpot awards 5 000x total bet. Major Jackpot awards 100x total bet. Mini Jackpot awards 10x total bet. When a jackpot is awarded, the collection of the Coins for achieved jackpot is restarted. At the end of the feature, the values of all landed Coins are added to the feature win. Link&Win™ Triggered by Green Scatter The green Scatter symbol can trigger Link&Win™ with Twin Power feature. During this feature, there are 2 grids with 5 reels and 3 rows. Both grids have an individual spin counter. Triggering green Scatter is replaced with a Coin and added to both grids on the same position. When the feature ends, values of all Coins on both grids are added to the feature win. Link&Win™ with Combined Features When different coloured Scatter symbols land in the base game, Link&Win™ feature with combined features can be triggered. The green Scatter symbol and the blue Scatter symbol can trigger Link&Win™ with Twin Power and Collection Power features. The blue Scatter symbol and the red Scatter symbol can trigger Link&Win™ with Collection Power and Jackpot Power features. The green Scatter symbol and the red Scatter symbol can trigger Link&Win™ with Twin Power and Jackpot Power features. The red, blue and green Scatter symbols together can trigger Link&Win™ with POWER COMBO feature, where Jackpot Power, Collection Power and Twin Power features are all active. Buy Feature Some settings and features may not be available in this game. This feature is available in base game only. Activating this feature will instantly trigger the Link&Win™ feature. The price is calculated based on the amount of features selected (1, 2 or 3). 23x current bet triggers Link&Win™ with Twin Power feature. 35x current bet triggers Link&Win™ with Collection Power feature. 37x current bet triggers Link&Win™ with Jackpot Power feature. 54x current bet triggers Link&Win™ with Collection Power and Jackpot Power features. 74x current bet triggers Link&Win™ with Twin Power and Collection Power features. 88x current bet triggers Link&Win™ with Twin Power and Jackpot Power features. 117x current bet triggers Link&Win™ with POWER COMBO, where the Twin Power, Jackpot Power and Collection Power features are all active. The feature is played at the current bet. This feature is not available above a certain bet threshold. Translation of Game Terms MEGA, Mega Jackpot - Mega jackpot. MAJOR, Major Jackpot - Major jackpot. MINI, Mini Jackpot - Mini jackpot. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. This feature is available in base game only. Autoplay Settings Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. Bet Settings Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Bet Amount: Sets the current bet value. Game Controls Balance: Displays the current balances. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Menu button: Displays a menu of general system and game options. Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Pressing the Spin button during the current spin stops the reels quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Continue button: Advances to the next screen. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Pressing the Spin button during AutoPlay ends the current Autoplay session. Home button: Exits the game. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Depending on the game you are playing, the RTP value may be defined as a single value or defined by the different stages or modes of the game. Values are calculated initially by dividing the total payouts by the total bets from a simulation of numerous game rounds. Values reflect the maximum expected return and do not change. Last modification date: 3/5/2024