Kingfisher of the Caribbean About this game This is a 5 reel 4 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Payline Rules This game includes 20 paylines. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. The number of paylines played is fixed. Payout Rules Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins resulting from a spin. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. Bonus wins and payline wins can be awarded on the same spin. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. Wild Symbols Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Scatters and Special Symbols. Scatter Symbols Kingfisher symbols are Scatter symbols. The Scatter symbol can land on any reel. The Scatter symbol can trigger the Bonus Feature. Bonus Feature Above each reel is an egg. When a Kingfisher lands on a reel, it pecks the egg above that reel and may crack it open. The Eggs on reels 1, 2, 4, and 5 have separate symbol enhancements that can be combined if more than one is triggered simultaneously. The Golden Egg on reel 3 awards 10 free spins with all enhancements available, and a chance to increase the enhancement values further before the free spins start. Cracking 1 or more eggs, except for the Golden Egg, in a single spin awards 10 Free Spins for the initial egg and 3 more for any additional eggs cracked, with the enhancement of the cracked eggs added. Fish symbols with values are added to the reels during Free Spins. Fish symbols can have values between 0.20x - 1 000x bet. Whenever a Kingfisher is present on the reels it collects all values in view, except during the Spreader and Respin feature. During the Spreader feature additional cash values are added before collection. During the Respin feature it collects the values at the end of the respin session. Any winnings are determined by the value of the special symbol at the end of each free spin. In the feature any non active eggs, except the Golden Egg, can also be cracked and will award an additional 3 free spins with the relevant enhancement. Once an egg has been activated on entry or during the feature, it can not be retriggered again in the feature. If the Golden Egg is achieved, no retriggers on any eggs are available for the duration of the feature. After the completion of the feature, any eggs that were triggered on entry, or during the feature will reset to display no cracks. Any eggs that have not been activated on entry, or during the feature, will remain displaying the same cracked status they were before the feature. Winnings are automatically collected at the end of this Bonus. The maximum win amount is limited to 6 000x bet. If the total win of a Bonus Feature reaches or exceeds the maximum win amount, only the limit amount is awarded and the feature ends. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this bonus. Starts on x2, then upgrades by 1 for every special X symbol that lands in the feature. This enhancement multiplies the value of every Fish symbol during a Kingfisher collection. The maximum value available with the Multiplier enhancement is x5. Starts on 1x, then adds 1x the stake for every special + symbol that lands in the feature. This enhancement adds the value displayed in the box below the egg, to every Fish symbol during a Kingfisher collection. The maximum value available with the Adder enhancement is 5x the stake. All enhancements are active and before the feature starts, there is a chance to increase the enhancement values. Starts on 1, then upgrades by 1 for every special 3 fish symbol that lands in the feature. Whenever a Kingfisher appears during a spin, this enhancement will add an additional Fish to a number of adjacent positions around any Fish in view, on top of regular symbols, except on top of another Fish, or Kingfisher. The number of adjacent positions additional Fish can be added to the initial Fish in view, is displayed beneath the active egg. All line wins pay first, and any additional Fish symbols that are added to adjacent positions on the reels, are then collected by the Kingfisher. The maximum value available with the Spreader enhancement is 5. Every Heart symbol that lands adds a heart to the box on the respin egg. Each Heart represents a chance in the feature. The First Heart symbol is automatically awarded whenever the respin egg is triggered. Whenever a Kingfisher symbol lands on the reels, the Kingfisher symbol and all Fish symbols stick, and the remaining positions spin on their own. Every new Fish symbol sticks. For every spin that does not land any new Fish, a chance is taken away. The respin ends when all chances are depleted, or all positions are filled with Fish. After the respin ends, the number of chances resets to the amount displayed at the beginning of the last respin session. There are no paylines active during the respin feature. Buy feature Activating this feature will instantly trigger the Golden Egg feature. The Golden Egg cost is 200x stake. The feature is played at the current bet. This feature is available in the base game only. This feature is not available above a certain bet threshold. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Win Booster feature Activating the Boost increases the chances of cracking the Eggs in both the base game and features. The base game increases the chance of the Eggs being cracked. The feature increases the chance of non-active Eggs being cracked, re-triggering additional enhancements. The total bet is increased by 50%. Booster does not affect payouts, feature enhancement values, or Fish values. This feature can be activated in the base game only. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Hold to Quick Spin: Hold the spin button to enable Quick Spin. Quick Spin ends when the spin button is lifted. This does not influence the results of the spin. Stake: Displays the current total bet. Stake button: Displays options to change the current bet. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Win: Displays the most recent win. Credits: Displays the current balances. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Sound button: Access volume slider and toggle sound on and off. Options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. Exit button: Exits the game. Game Settings Sounds: Enables game sounds. Music: Enables game music. Quickspin: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Close button: Closes the game menu. Home button: Exits the game. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Bet Settings Stake: Displays the current bet value. Bet controls: Increase or decrease the bet with the plus and minus symbols. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. This feature is available in the base game only. In quick spin (where available), spins play out automatically at the increased speed selected. Big Win: Stops Autoplay after winning a big win. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Translation of Game Terms BIG WIN = BIG WIN SUPER WIN = SUPER WIN MEGA WIN = MEGA WIN EPIC WIN = EPIC WIN LEGENDARY WIN = LEGENDARY WIN Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Malfunction Voids all plays and pays. RTP: 94.2% Last modification date: 1/20/2026