Towers About this Game The goal is to uncover coins to reach the top of the tower and avoid uncovering any mines. The game consists of a set of towers, each with 9 levels. Uncovering a coin moves you up a level and increases your potential win. Cashout at any time, claiming your potential win and adding it to your balance. Use the risk control to increase or decrease the risk of the game. The number of towers in a round is determined by the risk level you choose. Higher risk awards bigger wins, but places more mines on the board. A single bet will entitle you to a chance at climbing the entire tower. All pick results are randomly generated at the time of picking. Each level contains a fixed number of tiles, with the distribution of coins and mines depending on the selected risk: Low risk: 3 coins, 1 mine. Medium risk: 2 coins, 1 mine. High risk: 1 coin, 1 mine. Expert risk: 1 coin, 2 mines. Master risk: 1 coin, 3 mines. Payout Details The Payout Details for each round are displayed in a banner at the top of the game. If you have not started a round, the highest potential win is shown, based on the current risk chosen and your bet amount. During a round, the number of coins already found on the board is shown. During a round, your potential win is shown, reflecting how much you will win if you cashout. During a round, your next win is shown, reflecting how much you could win if you uncover another coin. Autoplay You can select which tiles you want to uncover each Autoplay round and the number of games you want to play. You can then start Autoplay. A minimum of 1 tile must be selected to begin Autoplay. You can pick up to a maximum of 9 tiles - 1 for each level. You cannot pick more than 1 tile on a level. Autoplay can be activated using the Autoplay button on the console. Autoplay can be stopped at any time. Autoplay allows a selected number of rounds to play out automatically. The number of games remaining in your Autoplay session is displayed. Autoplay rounds are played at the current selected bet. Autoplay ends when the selected number of rounds have played out. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Game Menu Home button: Exits the game. Banking button: Displays the banking page. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Music: Switches music On/Off. Information button: Displays game information. Sounds: Switches sound On/Off. Game Controls Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Bet: Displays the current bet. Risk: Displays the current risk. Risk buttons: Changes the level of risk. Random: this will randomly select a tile for you during a game round. Win: Displays your latest win. Auto: Enables autoplay. (+) and (-) Bet buttons: Changes the bet value. Balance: Displays your current balance. Play button: Starts a round. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Help button: Displays help and additional information. Free Games Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired, the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. If a Free Games offer expires while currently in play, you will be able to complete the offer before it is closed. After a player selects a Free Game offer, they may choose how to play their Free Games with each Free Game representing 1 round A Free Games offer is a number of additional game rounds awarded to a player. These can also be done in combination to complete all available Free Games in the Free Game Offer. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The theoretical pay-out (RTP) is 96% Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Last modification date: 10/8/2025