Knockout Party About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Way Rules This game includes 243 ways. A way is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other in this pattern. Way wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the ways played. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the way cost of 30. Payout Rules Way win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The total payout is the sum of all way wins and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. If multiple winning combinations land on a single way, only the highest win is awarded. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. Wild Symbols Wilds multiply wins 2x when substituting. Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Scatters. Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a way combination. Scatter Symbols Scatters can create their own winning combination when landing anywhere on the reels. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Wild Reels Feature This is the Wild K.O! feature. Up to 5 reels are transformed into Wild reels. This feature can randomly trigger on any spin. This feature can trigger in base game only. The Scatter symbol does not appear during this feature. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Free Spins Selection 3, 4 or 5 Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels trigger this feature. 4 Free Spins features are available for selection. Free Spins play out automatically. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. All ways played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Free Spins feature 1 This is the Free Spins feature 1. 10 Free Spins are awarded. All wins are multiplied 5x. Free Spins can be retriggered. Free Spins feature 2 This is the Free Spins feature 2. 15 Free Spins are awarded. Free Spins includes the Balloons feature. This feature triggers after any win, except for wins with Scatter symbols. 1 or 2 random symbols are transformed into Wild symbols. Transformed Wilds award either a 2x or 3x multiplier when substituting. If both transformed Wilds land on the same winning payway, then a 6x multiplier is awarded. Free Spins cannot be retriggered. Free Spins feature 3 This is the Free spins feature 3. 20 Free Spins are awarded. Free Spins includes the Rolling Reels™ feature. Winning symbols are removed from the reels and the symbols above move into the empty spaces. The feature continues until no winning combinations are present on the reels. This feature includes a Multiplier Trail. The multiplier starts at 1x, and can increase up to 5x. The win multiplier value increases by 1 on every consecutive trigger. The Multiplier Trail resets when all rolls are complete. Free Spins cannot be retriggered. Free Spins feature 4 This is the Free Spins feature 4. 25 Free Spins are awarded. Free Spins includes the Wild Slime feature. A Wild Slime symbol on reel 3 transforms up to 15 symbols into Wild symbols. Wild Slime symbols pay as a Wild symbol, without the 2x multiplier. 2, 3, 4 or 5 Scatters award 1, 2, 3 or 4 Free Spins respectively. Paytable Achievements Paytable achievements track winning progress as the game is played. Winning symbol combinations are permanently highlighted on the payout table. Only base game wins are logged as achievements. Wins with symbol substitutions are not logged as achievements. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Play button: Continues the game. Fast Play Active Indicator: Indicates when Fast Play is active. Bet Increase button: Increases the current bet up to the next highest available bet. Bet Decrease button: Decreases the current bet down to the next lowest available bet. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay start button: Starts Autoplay session. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Game Menu button: Displays the game settings and game payout table. Game Menu System Menu button: Displays additional system options. Help button: Displays help and additional information. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Bet button: Displays the bet options. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Return to Game button: Closes the Game Menu and returns to the base game. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Bet Settings Bet Size: Sets the current bet value. Bet Value buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Max Bet button: Sets the current bet to the maximum value. Autoplay Settings Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. Game Settings Quickspin: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Show Mini Paytables: Enables symbol payout display. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. This game has an optimal RTP of 96.80%. This value is fixed and does not change. The average payout per 1 Euro spent is 96.80 cents. The probability of max win is 0.000003406575%. Last modification date: 10/21/2021