Bling Bling Penguin About this Game This is a 5 reel 4 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the ways played. The initial bet is the current total bet ided by the way cost of 20. The game has 17 bet levels: 0.20, 0.40, 0.60, 0.80, 1, 1.20, 1.60, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 8, 10, 12, 16, 20. Way Rules This game includes 1024 ways. A way is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other in this pattern. Way wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Payout Rules Way win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. Wins are multiplied by the total bet. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The total payout is the sum of all way wins resulting from a spin. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. If multiple winning combinations land on a single way, only the highest win is awarded. Wild Symbols Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Free Spins and Bonus symbols. Wild symbols do not have a payout. Wild symbols do not create their own winning combination. Link&Win™ 6 or more Bonus symbols anywhere on the reels trigger this feature. All symbols are removed from the reels except the Bonus symbols. 3 spins are awarded The spin counter resets to 3 every time a Bonus symbol lands. Bonus symbols that land remain on the reels until the end of the feature. The following symbols appear in the Link&Win™ feature: Bonus, Jackpot Bonus, Multiplier Upgrade and Jackpot Upgrade. Multiplier Upgrade and Jackpot Upgrade symbols do not remain on the reels after landing. Multiplier Upgrade symbols multiply all Bonus symbols cash values by up to 10x. Jackpot Upgrade symbols increase the value of all Jackpot prizes by 1 tier This feature ends when the counter reaches 0 or when all reels are filled with Bonus symbols. All cash prizes and Jackpot prizes are awarded once this feature ends. Bling Bling Bonus Wheel Fill the Bling Bling Bonus Wheel progress bar to trigger this feature Each Bonus symbol that lands increases the progress bar Bonus symbols that land during the Link&Win™ feature increase the progress bar. The Bling Bling Bonus Wheel can award a Jackpot Prize, an instant cash prize, or a Free Spins trigger. Progress is saved according to the bet level. When returned to a previously played bet level, the game status for that bet level is restored. Free Spins 3 Free Spins symbols on reels 1, 3 and 5 trigger the Free Spins feature. The Penguin slides on the ice to select the number of free spins. You can win from 10 up to 30 free spins. Gamble your results for a chance to increase the number of free spins up to 30. If the gamble is lost, a random instant prize is awarded. Instant prizes value can be 10x, 15x, 20x, 25x, 30x, 35x, 40x, 45x, 50x and 100x the bet. The Link&Win™ and Bonus Wheel features can be triggered during this feature. 3 Free Spins symbols on reels 1, 3 and 5 retrigger the free spins. This symbol does not create its own winning combination. The number of free spins retriggered is the same as the number awarded when the feature was triggered. All ways played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Buy Feature Activating this feature instantly triggers the Bling Bling Bonus Wheel or Free Spins feature once you buy it. The bet value can be changed during this feature. The Bling Bling Bonus Wheel cost is 33.95x the bet. The Free Spins cost is 56.18x the bet. This feature is available in the base game only. Game Menu Menu button: Displays additional game options. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Lobby button: Exits the game. Banking button: Displays the banking page. Close button: Closes the game menu. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Balance: Displays the current balances. Exit button: Exits the game. Help button: Displays help and additional information. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Number of spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Quickspin: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Confirm the selection to proceed. Spins are played at the current selected bet. This feature is available in the base game only. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Bet Settings Bet Value buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. Confirm the selection to proceed. Game Settings Settings button: Displays the game settings. Music: Enables game music. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Quick Spin: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Game Terminology JACKPOT = JACKPOT EPIC JACKPOT = EPIC JACKPOT GRAND JACKPOT = GRAND JACKPOT MAJOR JACKPOT = MAJOR JACKPOT MINOR JACKPOT = MINOR JACKPOT MINI JACKPOT = MINI JACKPOT Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Last modification date: 1/31/2024