Lucky Clucks 2: Rooster Respins About this Game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. The base game includes a gameboard consisting of 5 reels, with 3, 4, 4, 4, and 3 symbol rows each respectively, and 576 active ways. Featuring: ANY ADJACENT PAYS™ - Winning combinations can be anywhere on the reels! 3 or more matching symbols on a way, on adjacent reels, represent a winning combination. Only the highest win per way will be paid. Way wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier of the winning game. Credit awards are multiplied by the bet multiplier of the winning game. Your bet multiplier is equal to the number of credits played divided by 0.15. For example, 0.3 credits bet per spin = 0.3 / 0.15 = a bet multiplier of 2. All payout tables display the number of credits that are won for each combination for the current bet multiplier. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you may play again. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Regular Symbols Matching symbols must be next to each other on a way. Payouts depend on your bet multiplier per spin. Wild Symbol This symbol is a wild symbol and substitutes for all paying symbols. This symbol does not substitute for scatter symbols. Scatter Symbol This symbol is a scatter symbol. This symbol is only available in the base game. Chicken Symbols These symbols are passive symbols and do not pay. Corn Symbol This symbol is a passive symbol and does not pay. This symbol is only available in the base game. This symbol appears on reel 3 only. Sun Symbol This symbol is a passive symbol and does not pay. In the base game, this symbol appears on reels 1, 2, 4, and 5 only. Rooster Symbol This symbol is a passive symbol and does not pay. This symbol is only available in the base game. This symbol appears on reels 1, 2, 4, and 5 only. BIG BuildUp® Feature The BIG BuildUp® Feature can trigger randomly on any spin. During this feature, 1 or more chickens may lay eggs revealing feature prizes that include the Mother Hen Prize, Wild Symbols, or 2x, 3x, 4x, or 5x multipliers. Each awarded Wild Symbol adds a symbol position to its reel. During this feature, the rooster may cause the game to respin the reels 1 or more times. During these respins, any Wild Symbols added by chickens will persist and the reels will maintain the increased number of symbol positions. If multipliers are awarded with the Mother Hen Prize, they multiply the Mother Hen Prize only. If multipliers are awarded without the Mother Hen Prize, they multiply all ways wins evaluated during the feature. The BIG BuildUp® Feature completes when all feature prizes have been revealed and all respins are complete. The feature bet multiplier is determined by the bet multiplier of the feature-triggering game. Credit awards are multiplied by the feature bet multiplier. Credit wins are awarded immediately. Symbol wins are awarded when all feature prizes have been revealed, and at the end of each respin. Feature wins are added to regular wins. Rooster Respins Bonus 3 Scatter Symbols trigger the Rooster Respins Bonus. Every bonus spin, one or more chickens may land and award Wild Symbols. Each awarded Wild Symbol adds a symbol position to its reel for the duration of the bonus. Wild Symbols persist to subsequent bonus spins, moving down 1 symbol position each spin until they are no longer on the gameboard. The bonus may be retriggered; if a Sun Symbol is landed during a bonus spin, way wins are evaluated and the reels are spun again without moving Wild Symbols down 1 symbol position. After the final bonus spin concludes, the bonus is complete. The bonus bet multiplier is determined by the bet multiplier of the bonus-triggering game. Bonus wins are added to regular wins. Game Controls Some settings and features may not be available in this game. A click or tap on the reels stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Banking button: Displays the banking page. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Home button: Exits the game. Left-Handed Mode button: Enables left-handed mode. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Balance: Displays the current balances. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Win: Displays the most recent win. Return button: Returns to the game. Autoplay Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Spins are played at the current selected bet. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. This feature is available in base game only. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Depending on the game you are playing, the RTP value may be defined as a single value or defined by the different stages or modes of the game. Values are calculated initially by dividing the total payouts by the total bets from a simulation of numerous game rounds. Values reflect the maximum expected return and do not change. RTP: 94.14%. The probability of triggering certain game events may change during gameplay depending on the current game state or progress. Last modification date: 1/25/2024