9 Races to Glory Epic Strike About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form winning combinations. The payout is dependent on the winning combinations formed. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Playing the Game The balance is displayed in currency and is available in the console bar. Select the spin button to spin the reels. Select the stop button to stop the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Once the reels stop, winning combinations are highlighted. The win amount is displayed in the win box. If there is no winning combination, the game is completed. Payline Rules The number of paylines played is fixed. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. This game includes 20 paylines. To calculate the Line Bet, divide the Total Bet by the number of fixed paylines. All line wins are multiplied by the bet per line. Payout Rules The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. Wild Symbols The Wild symbol is a wild symbol. The Wild symbol can substitute for all symbols except the Jockey Scatter Symbol and Free Spin symbols. Bonus Feature The Jockey Scatter symbol is a scatter symbol. 3 or more Jockey Scatter symbol appearing anywhere on screen pays out. Only the highest win amount paid for scatter symbol combination. Jockey Scatter symbol pays are calculated by multiplying by total bet. Jockey Scatter symbol wins are added to line wins. Jockey Scatter symbols cannot be substituted by the Wild symbols. Free Spins The Free Spin symbol is a scatter symbol. 3 Free Spin symbols pays out and triggers a spin of the Free Spin Wheel. The wheel will spin once and award a single wedge containing a number of free spins and a multiplier. All line wins and Free Spin symbol wins during Free Spins will be multiplied by the wheel multiplier. During Free Spins, Jockey Scatter Symbol wins are not multiplied by the wheel multiplier. Retriggering will grant additional free spins equal to the amount initially awarded and at the same multiplier level. All bets played in Free Spins are the same as the spin that triggered the Free Spins feature. Free Spin symbols appear on reels 2, 3, and 4 only. Free Spin Symbol pays are calculated by multiplying by total bet. Free Spin symbol wins are added to line wins. Free Spin symbols cannot be substituted by the Wild symbols. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. A bet amount must be set before starting the Autoplay session, as Autoplay plays with the last bet value. Autoplay can be stopped at any time. This does not influence the results of the spin. Triggering the Free Spin feature will stop Autoplay. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Bet Settings Each spin played costs a total bet amount. Select the bet on a mobile device by selecting Bet in the console bar or by selecting the Bet icon. Select the bet in desktop with the Increment and Decrement icons on the console bar. Also, select the bet from the Main Menu using the Bet icon, or by selecting the bet area. Settings The Settings panel provides access to multiple game settings. To access the Settings panel, open the Main Menu and select the Settings icon. Choose which settings to turn on or off. Intro Screen setting displays the intro screen at startup. Quick Spin setting increases the speed of the slot reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. All Sounds setting controls all sounds, including game and background sounds. Game Sounds setting controls console and spin sounds, as well as sounds for winning combinations and sequences. (Only enabled if All Sounds is ON.) Background Music setting controls background music. (Only enabled if All Sounds is ON.) Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. This feature is only available in selected games. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost The results of the last game played are displaye If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Last modification date: 5/21/2025