Big Mighty Bear About this Game ´üČ This is a 5 reel video slot game with 1 reel with 5 positions and 4 reels with 4 positions. ´üČ This game includes 8 fixed paylines. ´üČ The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. ´üČ Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Bet Rules ´üČ Each spin played costs a total bet amount. ´üČ The game has 9 bet levels: 0.10, 0.20, 0.50, 1, 2, 2.5, 5, 10, 20. Payline Rules ´üČ A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. ´üČ Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. ´üČ The pattern of the paylines depends on the number of symbols on Reel 1. ´üČ This game includes 8 fixed paylines. ´üČ A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. ´üČ The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. Payout Rules ´üČ The total payout is the sum of all payline wins resulting from a spin. ´üČ Wins are multiplied by the total bet. ´üČ If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. ´üČ The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. ´üČ The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. Reel 1 ´üČ The first reel is a special reel that can include 1 to 5 symbols at random. ´üČ The number of symbols that land on Reel 1 is determined when the symbols land. ´üČ The pattern of the paylines depends on the number of symbols on Reel 1. Big Bear Feature ´üČ The large Big Bear symbol can appear randomly on the reels after each spin. ´üČ The Bear symbol can appear as a single position symbol or as a Big Bear symbol sized 3x3 or 4x4. ´üČ The large Big Bear symbol can only appear on reels 2 to 5. ´üČ Large Big Bear symbols appear in the base game and Big Bear Frenzy feature only. ´üČ After a spin, random symbol positions will melt away to reveal a large Big Bear symbol. ´üČ Symbols participating in win combinations will not melt away if the Big Bear feature triggers. ´üČ The large Big Bear symbol can be combined with smaller Bear symbols to form win lines. ´üČ Wins with the 4x4 Big Bear symbol award a 125x bet payout. ´üČ The large Big Bear symbol may appear as a partial symbol on the reels. Honey Respin ´üČ The Honey Respin feature triggers when the large Big Bear symbol does not participate in any win combinations. ´üČ The Big Bear symbol has to appear as a full 3x3 symbol, full 4x4 symbol or partial 3x4 symbol to trigger this feature. ´üČ This feature can trigger only after all payline wins are updated. ´üČ The feature awards 1 respin. ´üČ The Respin occurs on all reels without the large Big Bear symbol that triggered this feature. ´üČ The number of symbols on Reel 1 remains the same during this feature. ´üČ This feature can trigger in the base game and Big Bear Frenzy feature only. Free Spins ´üČ Land 1 or more Free Spins symbols on Reel 1 and 4 or more Free Spins symbols on reels 2 to 5 to trigger this feature. ´üČ The number of Free Spins awarded is equal to the number of Free Spins symbols that triggered this feature. ´üČ Up to 21 Free Spins are awarded. ´üČ The following symbols appear in the Free Spins feature: Bear, Beehive, Bear's Paw and Flower. ´üČ Free Spins play out automatically. ´üČ Free Spins cannot be retriggered. ´üČ All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. ´üČ The number of symbols on Reel 1 remains the same during this feature. ´üČ This feature can trigger in the base game only. Sweet Bonus ´üČ Land 1 or more Bonus symbols on Reel 1 and 2 or more Bonus symbols on reels 2 to 5 to trigger this feature. ´üČ This feature can trigger in the base game only. ´üČ The bonus game is played on a 4x4 grid. ´üČ The following symbols appear in the Sweet Bonus feature: Bear, Bee, Flower, Bear's Paw and 2x Multiplier. ´üČ On every spin, only 1 symbol will remain on the reels. ´üČ Each symbol displays a multiplier value. ´üČ Land a Bear symbol to extract the value displayed on the Bear's Paw symbols. ´üČ The extracted value is added to the Bear symbol value. ´üČ Once the Bear's Paw value is extracted, the symbol is removed from the reels. ´üČ Land a Bee symbol to extract the value displayed on the Flower symbols. ´üČ The extracted value is added to the Bee symbol value. ´üČ Once the Flower value is extracted, the symbol is removed from the reels. ´üČ Bear and Bee symbols can extract the symbols' value only on the current spin it landed on. ´üČ The Multiplier symbol multiplies the value of all symbols on the reels on the current spin it landed. ´üČ After the symbol value is multiplied, the Multiplier symbol is removed from the reels. ´üČ Land 5 Bear's Paw, 4 Flower, 4 Bee, or 3 Bear symbols to win. ´üČ The bonus payout is the base pay of the winning symbol multiplied by the sum of all the winning symbol values on the reels. Big Bear Frenzy ´üČ The Big Bear Frenzy feature triggers randomly in the base game. ´üČ This feature will trigger after the first 5 spins played when the player enters the game for the first time. ´üČ After the first trigger, the feature triggers randomly during the base game. ´üČ During the feature, the 3x3 Big Bear symbol has a higher chance of landing on the reels. ´üČ Once it is triggered, the feature is active for 20 spins. ´üČ The 4x4 Big Bear symbol will not land during the feature. ´üČ Only the Honey Respin feature can be triggered during the feature. Big Mighty Prize ´üČ Land a full 4x4 Big Bear symbol on the reels and cover reel 1 with Bear symbols to trigger this feature. ´üČ This feature can be triggered regardless of the number of symbols in Reel 1. ´üČ The Big Mighty Prize payout is 15000x the bet. ´üČ The Big Mighty Prize feature can trigger in the base game only. Game Menu ´üČ Menu button: Displays additional game options. ´üČ Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. ´üČ Settings button: Displays the game settings. ´üČ Lobby button: Exits the game. ´üČ Banking button: Displays the banking page. ´üČ Close button: Closes the game menu. Game Controls ´üČ Spin button: Starts a reel spin. ´üČ Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. ´üČ Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. ´üČ Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. ´üČ Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. ´üČ Bet: Displays the current total bet. ´üČ Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. ´üČ Win: Displays the most recent win. ´üČ Balance: Displays the current balances. ´üČ Exit button: Exits the game. ´üČ Help button: Displays help and additional information. ´üČ Menu button: Displays additional game options. ´üČ Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. ´üČ Settings button: Displays the game settings. ´üČ Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Autoplay ´üČ Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. ´üČ Some settings and features may not be available in this game. ´üČ Number of spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. ´üČ Quickspin: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. ´üČ Confirm the selection to proceed. ´üČ Spins are played at the current selected bet. ´üČ The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. ´üČ This feature is available in the base game and Big Bear Frenzy feature only. Bet Settings ´üČ Bet Value buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. ´üČ Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. ´üČ Confirm the selection to proceed. Game Settings ´üČ Settings button: Displays the game settings. ´üČ Music: Enables game music. ´üČ Sounds: Enables game sounds. ´üČ Quickspin: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. ´üČ Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Return to Player ´üČ The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. ´üČ Values are calculated initially by dividing the total payouts by the total bets from a simulation of numerous game rounds. ´üČ Values reflect the maximum expected return and do not change. ´üČ Overall RTP: 94.02%. ´üČ Big Bear Frenzy RTP: 94.01%. Additional Information ´üČ The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. ´üČ In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. ´üČ The results of the last game played are displayed. ´üČ If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. ´üČ Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. ´üČ Malfunction voids all pays and plays. ´üČ Some settings and features may not be available in this game. ´üČ Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. Last modification date: 1/19/2023