Treasures of Kilauea About this Game The board consists of 2 sets of reels. The bottom set has 4 rows and 5 reels. The top set is a single reel which is horizontally oriented. The top reel has 3 positions. The top reel is centered over the bottom reel. Both reel sets spin on each play and contribute to pays. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the paylines played. Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. Payline Rules All wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right only on adjacent reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The number of paylines played is fixed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. This game includes 40 fixed paylines. Payout Rules The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins resulting from a spin. The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. Wild Symbols In the Base Game, Wild symbols only appear during the Lava Spin and the Eruption Spin During the Lava Spin, Wild symbols only appear on the lower reels. During the Eruption Spin, Wild symbols may be placed anywhere. In Free Spins, Wild symbols appear on lower reels. Wild x2 symbols appear in base game only. Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wild and Wild x2 symbols can substitute for all symbols except Idol, Volcano and Free Spins symbols. Scatter Symbols Free Spin symbols are Scatter symbols. This symbol can appear in the base game and Free Spins. This symbol does not have a payout. Free Spins When Free Spins are triggered, the player chooses the number of spins and Wilds based on the number of Scatter symbols displayed. 3 Scatter symbols award the choice of: 15 Free Spins with 5 wilds, 10 Free Spins with 7 wilds, or 5 Free Spins with 10 wilds. 4 Scatter symbols award the choice of: 30 Free Spins with 5 wilds, 20 Free Spins with 7 wilds, or 10 Free Spins with 10 wilds. 5 Scatter symbols award the choice of: 45 Free Spins with 5 wilds, 30 Free Spins with 7 wilds, or 15 Free Spins with 10 wilds. During the Free Spins, the number of wilds initially selected will be randomly displayed on the board. Free spins can be retriggered to grant additional spins and wilds equal to the number initially selected. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Free Spins play out automatically. All lines played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Wins awarded during this feature are added to base game wins. Jackpot Wheel Land an Idol symbol in the centre position of the top reel to trigger the Jackpot Wheel. The Jackpot Wheel awards 1 of 5 Jackpot prizes Spin Counters There are two spin counters on the top of the reels. The left counter counts from 10 to 0 and then resets on the subsequent spin. The right counter counts from 50 to 0 and then resets on the subsequent spin. Special Features Volcano symbols leave a Lava frame behind on subsequent spins. Volcano symbols appear only in the base game. The Lava Spin occurs when the left spin counter reaches 0. During the Lava Spin, all Lava frames become Wild. The Eruption Spin occurs when the right spin counter reaches 0. During the Eruption Spin, all Lava frames become Wild and additional Wilds are added. If a Wild is placed on another Wild, it becomes a Wild x2 Autoplay This feature is available in base game only. Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Big Win: Stops autoplay after winning a big win Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Autoplay is played at the current bet selected. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Balance: Displays the current balances. Exit button: Exits the game. Help button: Displays help and additional information. Bet controls: Increase or decrease the bet with the plus and minus symbols. Hold to Turbo Spin: Hold the spin button to enable Turbo Spin. Turbo Spin ends when the spin button is lifted. This does not influence the results of the spin. Info button: Opens the paytable menu. Menu button: Opens the game menu. Max Bet button: Increases the bet to the maximum available level. Game Menu Banking button: Displays the banking page. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Home button: Exits the game. Close button: Closes the game menu. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Big win toggle: Toggle big win celepation display on or off. Splash page toggle: Toggles the splash page display on or off. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Bet Settings Min Bet button: Sets the current bet to the minimum value. Max Bet button: Sets the current bet to the maximum value. Bet Amount: Sets the current bet value. Bet Value buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Game Settings Sounds: Enables game sounds. Quickspin: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Big Win: Enables big win animations Music: Enables game music. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Splash page toggle: Toggles the splash page display on or off. Turbospin button: Enables Turbospin to resolve spins faster than Quick Spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Game Terminology Treasures of Kilauea = Treasures of Kilauea FREE SPINS = FREE SPINS WILD = WILD MAX BET = MAX BET BIG WIN = BIG WIN SUPER WIN = SUPER WIN MEGA WIN = MEGA WIN EPIC WIN = EPIC WIN JACKPOT = JACKPOT Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Values reflect the maximum expected return and do not change. Overall RTP: 94.05%. Values are calculated initially by piding the total possible payouts by the total possible outcomes that are available within the game. Product Information Helpfile versions: Content 1.5.0 | App 1.2.0 © 2022. All rights reserved. Last modification date: 10/12/2022