Jungle Jim the lost Sphinx About Jungle Jim and the Lost Sphinx Jungle Jim and the Lost Sphinx is a 5 reel and 35 or 50 payline slot machine, including: Regular symbols Wild symbol Scatter symbol Rolling Reels™ feature Win Booster™ feature Sphinx symbol Free Spins bonus game Free Spins Stars feature Paytable Achievements feature General Your bet is dependent on the number of coins and coin size played. The total number of credits bet per spin is your credits bet multiplied by the bet multiplier. Only the total number of credits bet per spin is displayed in the game. Your bet is calculated on the first 10 paylines but you play and win on all enabled paylines. You can bet up to 4 coins per betting payline. A bet multiplier of 10 applies per spin. For example, 2 coins bet per betting payline x 0.20 coins size = 0.40 credits bet per betting payline x 10 bet multiplier = 4 total credits bet per spin. When the Win Booster™ is activated a bet multiplier of 40 applies per spin. For example, 0.40 credits bet per betting payline x 40 Win Booster™ bet multiplier = 16 total credits bet per spin. During the base game, 35 paylines are permanently enabled. This increases to 50 paylines if a 4x multiplier trail value is awarded. During the free spins, 50 paylines are permanently enabled. All paytables display the number of credits that are won for each combination. Only one regular winning combination is paid out per payline and you are paid out the value of the highest win. Only one scatter winning combination is paid out per spin and you are paid out the value of the highest win. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. If you have a winning combination, the win is highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The theoretical return to player (RTP) is 96.30% Regular symbols Matching symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, starting from the first slot reel. Regular payouts depend on your bet per payline. Wild symbol This symbol substitutes for other symbols to complete wins. This symbol does not substitute for the scatter symbol and sphinx symbol. This symbol only appears on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. Scatter symbol This symbol does not need to appear on an enabled payline to win. This symbol cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. This symbol does not appear during the free spins. Scatter payouts depend on your total bet excluding Win Booster™. Rolling Reels™ feature Any win activates the Rolling Reels™ feature, except for scatter symbol winning combinations. Winning symbol combinations are removed from the reels after you are paid out. The symbols above the removed symbols shift position to fill the empty spaces. If a winning combination results from the shifting symbols, you are paid out again. This process repeats itself, increasing your chances of winning without betting on another spin. You are awarded a multiplier value for each rolling reel. The multiplier value increases on every consecutive win. In the base game, Second Chance Respin awards a respin without resetting the trail. This is awarded on the third roll if no win is awarded. The multiplier resets if a win does not occur. Win Booster™ feature You can choose to activate or deactivate this feature in the regular game. The boosted bet consists of your current bet + an extra bet. The extra bet is calculated at 3x your current bet. An additional scatter is enabled that is placed outside of the reels. This increases your chance of activating free spins. Sphinx symbol This symbol only appears on reel 3 during free spins. The symbol lands on the reel and is collected and removed from the reel. After the symbol is removed the remaining symbols shift. Each symbol collected awards an additional spin and increases the minimum multiplier value awarded during the free spins. The multiplier trail increases until the maximum multiplier is reached. Once a maximum multiplier is reached and this symbol appears on reel 3, you are awarded an additional spin. If a winning combination is not formed, the multiplier trail resets. It resets to the first visible minimum multiplier on the trail. Free Spins bonus game 50 paylines are permanently enabled for the free spins. Rolling Reels™ are available during the free spins. Each Sphinx symbol collected awards an additional spin and increases the minimum multiplier value awarded during the free spins. The last bet you placed in the game is used as the free spins bet amount. Winnings are automatically collected during the free spins. Free Spins Stars feature You are awarded free spins stars rating based on how much you won during free spins. This rating is calculated on your base bet excluding the Win Booster™ feature. Stars Awarded Base Bet Win Threshold 1 >0x base bet 2 10x base bet 3 45x base bet 4 150x base bet 5 450x base bet Paytable Achievements feature Tracks your win status by highlighting symbol combinations you have won. When you win all combinations for the same symbol it is highlighted. Achievements are permanently highlighted on the payout table, even after you exit the game. Regular game wins are logged as achievements. Wild symbol substitute wins are not logged as achievements. Game Controls Item Description Balance box Displays your casino balances. Bet box Displays your total bet amount per spin. Win box Displays your most recent wins. Bet button Displays your bet options. Depending on your game some of these bet options may not apply. Spin button Starts the game. Stop button Displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. AutoPlay button Displays the AutoPlay options where you can select to spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game. AutoPlay Stop button Displays the number of spins remaining and can stop the session. This does not influence the results of the spin. Quick spin button Quick spin increases the reel spin speed to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Menu button Displays the game settings and game payout table. X button Closes the game. Each game has different options and AutoPlay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. AutoPlay AutoPlay enables you to automatically play a set number of consecutive games without interacting with the game. AutoPlay plays with the last bet value you selected, so you must select a bet amount before starting AutoPlay. Each game has different options and AutoPlay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. The number of spins remaining in your AutoPlay session is displayed in the game. In some games AutoPlay is available in Expert mode only. To start AutoPlay: If the game has Expert mode, select Expert . Select a bet amount. Select and hold Spin or select AutoPlay . In some games this starts the session and it continues until you select Stop . Select your AutoPlay options. Select Start AutoPlay , Start , Play or Spin . Select Stop to end AutoPlay. Selecting this button does not influence the results of the spin. AutoPlay Options AutoPlay options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. Number of spins Set the number of spins you want to play. Number of seconds between spins Set the delay between AutoPlay spins. Bet settings Set the bet amount you want to play. Until stop Set the session to play until you select to stop. This does not influence the results of the spin. Stop if a win exceeds or equals Stop the session if the win exceeds or equals the amount selected. Win Limit or If win at least Stop the session if the win exceeds or equals the amount selected. Loss Limit or If amount drops by Stop the session if your balance decreases and drops below or equals the amount selected. Stop once all spins are complete Stop after playing the number of spins selected. Stop when jackpot is won Stop spins if the Jackpot is won. Stop on any win Stop the session if you win on a spin. Stop if credits increase by Stop the session if your balance increases and exceeds or equals the amount selected. Stop if credits decrease by Stop the session if your balance decreases and drops below or equals the amount selected. Stop on a feature Stops if Free Spins or another bonus feature is activated. Start AutoPlay without showing this dialog Start future sessions without viewing the AutoPlay settings, using your saved settings or the default settings. Change my bet amount The Bet button displays your bet options. Bet options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. Bet Options (+) or (-) Selects the total amount you want to bet. Coin Size Selects the coin size you want to bet. Coins Per Line Selects the number of coins you want to bet per payline. Coins or Coins Bet Selects the number of coins you want to bet. Lines Selects the number of paylines you want to play. Quick Bet Displays a range of quick betting options to select your total bet amount. Max Bet or Max Places the maximum bet permitted. Depending on your game, this can convert the coin size and the number of coins to the maximum bet permitted. View pay tables or rules If the game rules or pay table are not displayed on the main game screen, there are different options you can use to view the details. Depending on the game you are playing, you can either: Select right arrow to view details. Select Menu and select Paytables to view details. Change settings Select left arrow to Settings . Change the relevant settings. Select right arrow to the game. Go to the lobby Depending on the game you are playing, there are different ways to go to the lobby. You can either: Select left arrow to Settings and select Back to Lobby . Or slide down to go to the lobby. Select Home to go the lobby. Mute sounds Depending on the game you are playing, there are different ways to mute sounds. You can either: Slide right to settings or go to game settings to turn sounds on or off. Spin and Stop in slots Select Spin to start the game. The Spin becomes a Stop . Select Stop to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Last modification date: 6/2/2021