Hyper Gold Wild Symbols ´üČ The Wild symbol is a wild symbol. ´üČ The Wild symbol can substitute for all symbols except the Link Ôäó symbols and Scatter symbols. ´üČ The Wild symbols can appear on any reel. Scatter Symbols ´üČ The Scatter symbol is a scatter symbol. ´üČ Scatter symbols appear on reels 2, 3, and 4 only. ´üČ 3 Scatter symbols landing on the base reels trigger Free Spins and pay 1 times total bet. ´üČ Scatters pay in any position. ´üČ Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. ´üČ Scatter symbol wins are added to line wins. In the event of a Scatter symbol win and a line win, both wins are paid out, as the Scatter symbol does not need to appear on a payline to win. ´üČ Scatter symbols cannot be substituted by the Wild symbols. Win BoosterÔäó Rules ´üČ Win BoosterÔäó adds additional Link Ôäó symbols to base reels increasing the chance of triggering the Link Ôäó feature. ´üČ You can choose to activate or deactivate the Win BoosterÔäó in the base game. ´üČ The boosted bet consists of your current bet plus an extra bet. ´üČ The extra bet is equal to 1.5 times your current bet. ´üČ Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Link Ôäó ´üČ Link Ôäó feature is triggered when 6 to 14 Link Ôäó symbols land. ´üČ Link Ôäó can be triggered in both base game and free spins. ´üČ All triggering Link Ôäó symbols are locked on the reels. ´üČ Respins have special reels with Link Ôäó symbols and blank positions only. ´üČ Link Ôäó begins with 3 respins. ´üČ Each unlocked position spins individually. ´üČ All additional landed Link Ôäó symbols lock on the reels. ´üČ If any additional Link Ôäó symbols land, the number of respins resets to 3. ´üČ Each Link Ôäó symbol reveals a cash prize or a Jackpot. ´üČ Link Ôäó ends when no respins remain or when 15 Link Ôäó symbols are locked on the reels. ´üČ The Mega Jackpot is added to the sum of the prizes awarded on the Link Ôäó symbols. ´üČ The Mini, Minor, and Major Jackpots are awarded for each Link Ôäó symbol they appear on. ´üČ Filling the reels with 15 Link Ôäó symbols awards the Mega Jackpot. ´üČ Link Ôäó symbols cannot be substituted by the Wild symbols. Free Spins ´üČ 3 Scatters trigger 10 Free Spins. ´üČ The centre 3 reels combine to form a 3 x 3 Jumbo Block. ´üČ Landing a scatter Jumbo Block awards 10 additional free spins and 1 times total bet. ´üČ The Link Ôäó Jumbo Block acts as 9 individual symbols. ´üČ Win BoosterÔäó state is the same as the spin that triggered Free Spins. Win BoosterÔäó state cannot be changed during Free Spins. ´üČ All bets during Free Spins are the same as the triggering spin. Line Payouts ´üČ The line bet is total bet divided by number of lines played. ´üČ Winnings paid out for a payline are dependent on the symbols displayed on the payline, once the reels have come to a stop. ´üČ Line wins are calculated by multiplying the line combination payout by the line bet. ´üČ The line bet is total bet divided by 25. ´üČ The symbols must be next to each other on a payline to produce a winning line combination. ´üČ Payline winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, a winning payline combination must start with the leftmost payline position and continue on adjacent positions on the payline. ´üČ Line wins are paid out only on the highest paying combination on each line. ´üČ At most 1 winning combination is paid out per payline. ´üČ Only the available lines can produce a winning line combination. ´üČ You are paid the total of all payline wins that land on a spin. Game Payouts ´üČ Winnings paid out on the slot machine are dependent on the symbols displayed in the reel area, once the reels have come to a stop. ´üČ All payout tables display the number of credits that are won for each winning combination. ´üČ Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Icons ÔÇó Main Menu ÔÇó Return ÔÇó Decrement ÔÇó Increment ÔÇó Bet ÔÇó Quick Spin ÔÇó Mute / Unmute ÔÇó Responsible Gaming ÔÇó Player Protection ÔÇó Loyalty ÔÇó Game History ÔÇó Transaction History ÔÇó Banking ÔÇó Settings ÔÇó Paytable / Information ÔÇó Help Files ÔÇó Lobby ÔÇó Discard ÔÇó Some of these options may not be available in your location. Playing the Game ´üČ The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form winning combinations. The payout is dependent on the winning combinations formed. ´üČ Your balance is displayed in credits and is available in the console bar. ´üČ Select your bet on a mobile device by tapping the Bet icon or the Bet area. ´üČ Select your bet in desktop through the Main Menu or on the console bar. ´üČ Click or tap the spin button to spin the reels. ´üČ Select the stop button to stop the current reel spin. This can also be done by clicking or tapping the reels. This does not influence the results of the spin. ´üČ If enabled in Settings, you may press spacebar to spin or stop. ´üČ If you do not have a winning combination, the game is completed and you can play again. ´üČ Once the reels stop, wins are highlighted if you have a winning combination. You are paid out the win amount as displayed in the win box. Bet Selection ´üČ Select your bet in desktop with the Increment and Decrement icons on the console bar. You can also select your bet from the Main Menu using the Bet icon, or by clicking the bet area. ´üČ Select your bet on a mobile device by tapping Bet in the console bar or by tapping the Bet icon. Settings ´üČ The Settings panel provides access to multiple game settings. ´üČ Some settings may not be available in your location. ´üČ To access the Settings panel, open the Main Menu and select the Settings icon. ´üČ You can choose which settings to turn on or off. ´üČ Show Tutorial at Startup setting displays the tutorial on launching the game. ´üČ Quick Spin setting increases the speed of the slot reel spin. ´üČ All Sounds setting controls all sounds, including game and background sounds. ´üČ Game Sounds setting controls console and spin sounds, as well as sounds for winning combinations and sequences. (Only enabled if All Sounds is ON.) ´üČ Background Music setting controls background music. (Only enabled if All Sounds is ON.) ´üČ Spacebar to Spin setting allows you to spin the reels using your computer's spacebar. Return to Player ´üČ The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. ´üČ This value is fixed and does not change. ´üČ This game has an RTP of 96.08%. ´üČ With Win BoosterÔäó activated, RTP is 96.33% Additional Information ´üČ Some settings and features may not be available in this game. ´üČ Malfunction voids all pays and plays. ´üČ Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. ´üČ In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. ´üČ The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. ´üČ The results of the last game played are displayed. ´üČ If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. ´üČ Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Last modification date: 6/7/2021