Secret Fortunes Power Combo About this game A 6-reel, 4-row video slot. This game has 4096 Ways. It features money, token and Free Spins symbols with 3 different features: Giant Reels, Multi-Collect and Cash Reel. General Way pays if matching symbols appear in a row in any position on adjacent reels, from the leftmost to the rightmost according to the PAYTABLE. Currency symbols are not included in Way payouts. Only the highest win per Way is paid. Simultaneous earnings in different Ways are added together. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except Money, Chip and Collect symbols. Substituting Wild symbols pays the highest possible winning combination in one Way, according to the PAYTABLE. Money symbols In the base game and in Free Spins, money symbols can appear anywhere on the reels. Each money symbol has a random value or prize assigned to it. The values are: x1, x2, x3, x4, x5, x7 and x10 the current bet. The MINI prize awards x15 the current bet. The MINOR prize awards x40 the current bet. The MAJOR prize awards x200 the current bet. The MEGA prize awards x5000 the current bet. The MEGA prize can only be awarded once per game round. Collect Symbols The Collect symbol only exists on reel 6 in the base game and in Free Spins. If the Multi-Collect feature is active in Free Spins, Collect symbols can land on any reel. When a Collect symbol appears, the values of all money symbols or prizes appearing on the same spin are added together and awarded. Token symbols The game has 3 different token symbols. The tokens represent the Giant Reels, Multi-Collect and Cash Reel features. Token symbols exist on all reels in the base game and in Free Spins. The game's graphical collecting cauldrons are for visual purposes only and do not influence the probability of awarding the Free Spins feature. Activating Free Spins Every time a token lands, there is a chance to trigger the Free Spins feature. If 2 different tokens land at the same time and trigger Free Spins, both features will be active in Free Spins. If 3 different tokens land at the same time and trigger Free Spins, all 3 features will be active in Free Spins. Free Spins Free Spins always start with 10 Free Spins. Every time a non-active token is drawn, there is a chance that it will activate the corresponding function. Triggering another feature within the Free Spins awards +3 SPINS. Only 1 non-triggering feature can be activated per spin within the Free Spins. When a token representing an active feature appears, +3 SPINS may be awarded. Free Spins with the Giant Reels feature During Free Spins, the reel area expands from 6x4 to 6x6 and the number of Ways to Win increases from 4096 to 46,656 Ways. Free Spins with the Multi-Collect Feature During Free Spins, Collect symbols can appear on all reels. When multiple Collect symbols appear, the values of all money symbols or prizes appearing on the same spin are added together and awarded once for each Collect symbol. Free Spins with the Cash Reel feature On each spin during the Free Spins, a randomly selected number of reels 2 to 5 will contain only coin symbols. Translations of game terms The following list only applies to languages other than English. POWER COMBO™ - POWER COMBO™ COLLECT - RECOGER WILD - WILD CARD WAY / WAYS - COMBINATION / COMBINATIONS MINI - MINI MINOR - MINOR MAJOR - MAJOR MEGA - MEGA FREE SPINS - FREE DRAWS +3 SPINS - +3 DRILLS GIANT REELS - GIANT REELS MULTI-COLLECT - MULTIPLE COLLECTION CASH REEL - MONEY DRUM WIN OVER 5000X - WIN MORE THAN X5000 COLLECT TO WIN FEATURES - COLLECT TO WIN FEATURES BIG WIN - BIG WINS MEGA WIN - MEGAWINS EPIC WIN - EPIC WIN JUST FOR THE WIN - SOLO PARA VIRNAR Game Controls Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Spin button – allows you to start the game with the current bet size displayed in the betting field. Selecting any position on the reels or the Spin button during a spin will display the results of the spin more quickly. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button – allows you to choose the number of spins for autoplay by selecting a value. Start and stop autoplay by pressing the Spin button. Bet button: Displays options for changing the current bet. Balance field: Displays the current balance of the account. Bet field: Displays the current bet size. Total and Win Field – Displays the payout for the winning round. Game menu Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Sound button: Turn the sound on or off. Autoplay button – allows you to choose the number of spins for autoplay by selecting a value. Start and stop autoplay by pressing the Spin button. Bet button: Displays options for changing the current bet. Paytable button – Displays the paytables and rules of the game. Banking button: access the banking pages. Lobby button: Return to the lobby. Free games A free game offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The betting settings are defined by the game operators and cannot be modified. Winnings are added to your bonus balance or cash balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or rejected. Select play now to start playing a free spins offer. Only one free spins offer can be played at a time. Select play later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will become available again when you log back into the game. Select the trash can icon to discard free games. To reopen a discarded offer, you must contact the game managers and provide the reference number. When an offer has been completed, discarded, or expired, the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiration date and time, if it is not played before then it will no longer be available. Select the information icon to view bet information and expiry date and time. Additional information Malfunctions void all games and all payouts. Any changes made to the rules of the game will be carried out in accordance with the requirements of current regulations. If you disconnect, the final state of the game will be displayed upon returning. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before the disconnection, the results of the previous game played will be displayed. Ongoing functions that require interaction or selection can be continued. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Return to player Return to Player (RTP) is the statistical and theoretical percentage of the total money wagered on a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Initially, the values are calculated by dividing the total payouts by the total bets from a simulation of numerous rounds of play. The values reflect the maximum expected return and do not change. Last modification date: 5/21/2025