Miami Reels Power Combo About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Payline Rules This game includes 20 paylines in the base game. This game includes 50 paylines in the Multi Grow Bonus Spins. The number of paylines played is fixed. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. Line wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right only on adjacent reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the payline cost of 10. Payout Rules Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins resulting from a spin. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. Coin Symbols Land a coin for a chance to increase your win! Coins may appear on reels 1 - 5 in the base game and Bonus Spins, ranging in value from 0.5x - 50x bet. Coins are collected when there are at least 5 of them on the reels. Mystery Symbols Mystery symbols may appear anywhere on the reels to reveal random symbols. Mystery symbols reveal payout symbols or Wild symbols. If multiple Mystery symbols land at once, they all reveal the same symbol. Revealed Wild symbols may have a different colour. Base Jackpot Tokens Base Jackpot tokens may appear in the base game anywhere on the reels. Each Jackpot token in the base game increments the value of a corresponding Jackpot. Mini Jackpot is incremented by 0.5x bet. Minor Jackpot is incremented by 1x bet. Maxi Jackpot is incremented by 2x bet. Major Jackpot is incremented by 4x bet. Mega Jackpot is incremented by 5x bet. Grand Jackpot is incremented by 10x bet. Bonus Jackpot Tokens Corresponding Bonus Jackpot tokens may appear in Bonus Spins anywhere on the reels. Collecting a specific number of Jackpot tokens in Bonus Spins grants a corresponding Jackpot. Collect 1 Bonus Jackpot token in any Bonus Spins to win the Mini Jackpot. Collect 2 Bonus Jackpot tokens in any Bonus Spins to win the Minor Jackpot. Collect 3 Bonus Jackpot tokens in any Bonus Spins to win the Maxi Jackpot. Collect 4 Bonus Jackpot tokens in any Bonus Spins to win the Major Jackpot. Collect 5 Bonus Jackpot tokens in any Bonus Spins to win the Mega Jackpot. Collect 6 Bonus Jackpot tokens in any Bonus Spins to win the Grand Jackpot. Jackpots: Mini, Minor, Maxi, Major, Mega, Grand The Mini Jackpot offers 2x - 10x bet. The Minor Jackpot presents 8x - 25x bet. The Maxi Jackpot gifts 10x - 50x bet. The Major Jackpot grants 20x - 100x bet. The Mega Jackpot bestows 500x - 2 500x bet. The Grand Jackpot awards 5 000x - 10 000x bet. It is possible to win jackpots only in Bonus Spins. Jackpot values scale with bet changes. Wild Symbols Wilds can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wilds can substitute for all symbols except Coin and Star symbols. Bonus Spins 10 spins are initially awarded in every Bonus Spins. Bonus Spins are randomly triggered by a corresponding Wild symbol filling the blenders. 2 or 3 Bonus Spins can be simultaneously triggered, activating the Power Combo™ feature. Star Symbols Land star symbols in Bonus Spins to get corresponding upgrades. Fresh Spin Land a star symbol on the reel 1 to get either 1, 2 or 3 extra spins. Multi Grow Multi Grow is played on a 5 x 5 grid. Land a star symbol on the reel 5 to get either 2x, 3x or 5x instant multiplier. Instant multiplier is applied to all wins on the current spin. Blend Upgrade Land a star symbol on the reel 3 to add it to the upgrade meter. Filling the meter with the stars upgrades fruit symbols by turning them into coins. Collect 1 star symbol to upgrade apple symbols. Collect 2 star symbols to upgrade blueberry symbols. Collect 4 star symbols to upgrade strawberry symbols. Collect 6 star symbols to upgrade orange symbols. Upgrade happens to non-winning combinations only. Power Combo™ Feature The Power Combo™ feature is activated when at least 2 Bonus Spins are simultaneously triggered. Depending on the Bonus Spins triggered, the Power Combo™ feature integrates corresponding features. Depending on the Bonus Spins triggered, star symbols can land on reels 1, 3 and 5. Autoplay This feature is available in the base game only. Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. The spacebar/enter performs the function of a spin button. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Slam Stop allows a player to manually interact with the game to stop the reels. Holding the spacebar/enter allows to play in the slam stop mode. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Holding the spacebar/enter for 3 seconds activates a QuickSpin. (If it has not been activated before). Balance: Displays the current balances. Game Menu Menu button: Displays additional game options. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Audio button: Toggles the game audio. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Game Settings Audio: Enables the game audio. Show Video Intro: Displays the video intro on game launch. Translation of Game Terms Big Win - Big Win Blend Upgrade - Bonus Spins Bonus Spins - Bonus Spins Epic Win - Epic Win Fresh Spin - Bonus Spins Grand - Grand (prize) Major - Major (prize) Maxi - Maxi (prize) Mega - Mega (prize) Mega Win - Mega Win Mini - Mini (prize) Minor - Minor (prize) Multi Grow - Bonus Spins Power Combo™ - The trademark feature name Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information In-game video is used for promotional purposes only. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. RTP - 94.36% Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Last modification date: 3/5/2026