Amazing Link Catalleros About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Bet Rules The total bet is based on the initial bet placed on each payline played. Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the number of paylines played. Payline Rules This game includes 20 paylines. The number of paylines played is fixed. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Payout Rules The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins resulting from a spin. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. A click or tap on the reels stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Spin Settings button: Displays additional spin options. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Bet Increase button: Increases the current bet. Bet Decrease button: Decreases the current bet. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Credits: Displays the current balances. Pick Feature Autoplay button: Automatically selects icons in the Pick Feature. This does not influence the results of the feature. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Buy Feature button: Displays the option to purchase the Epic Free Spins feature. Game Menu Menu button: Displays additional game options. Home button: Exits the game. Banking button: Displays the banking page. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. This feature is available in base game only. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Wild Symbols Catalleros symbols are Wild symbols. Catalleros symbols can substitute for all symbols except Bonus and Amazing symbols. Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. Amazing Link™ Feature 6 or more Amazing symbols anywhere on the reels trigger this feature. 3 free respins are awarded. Triggering Amazing symbols are locked in place while all other symbol positions respin. Any additional Amazing symbols that land are locked in place and reset the remaining respins to 3. The feature ends when all positions are filled or respins are finished. Amazing symbol prize values are based on total bet. All prizes are awarded at the end of the feature. The MEGA prize is awarded when all positions are filled with Amazing symbols. Free Spins Bonus symbols appear in base game only. Bonus symbols appear on reels 1, 3 and 5 in base game. Bonus symbols do not have a payout. 3 Bonus symbols anywhere on the reels trigger this feature. Choose 10 Tabby Catallero, 10 Tuxedo Catallero or 3 Calico Catallero Free Spins. Some selections are unlocked by playing the Free Spins. Amazing Reels have only Wild and Amazing symbols. Wild Amazing symbols can substitute for all symbols except Bonus symbols. On each Tabby Catallero Free Spin, 1 reel is randomly selected to contain only Wild Amazing symbols. On each Tuxedo Catallero Free Spin, there are no ‘A’, ‘K’, ‘Q’, ‘J’, ‘10’ or ‘9’ symbols on the reels. On each Calico Catallero Free Spin, there are no ‘A’, ‘K’, ‘Q’, ‘J’, ‘10’ or ‘9’ symbols on the reels and 1 reel is randomly selected to contain only Wild Amazing symbols. Free Spins cannot be retriggered. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. All lines played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Buy Feature The Buy Feature cost is 100x total bet. Activating this feature will instantly trigger the Epic Free Spins feature. In Epic Free Spins, Tabby Catallero Free Spins are upgraded from 10 to 15 Free Spins. In Epic Free Spins, Tuxedo Catallero Free Spins are upgraded from 10 to 15 Free Spins. In Epic Free Spins, Calico Catallero Free Spins are upgraded from 3 to 5 Free Spins. Choose 15 Tabby Catallero, 15 Tuxedo Catallero or 5 Calico Catallero Free Spins. Some selections are unlocked by playing the Epic Free Spins. The feature is played at the current bet. This feature is available in base game only. This feature is not available above a certain bet threshold. Pick Feature This feature can trigger after any spin or Amazing Link™ feature in base game only. Amazing symbols that land during the base game collect above the reels. Collected symbols can randomly trigger the Pick feature. Match 3 icons to win the respective prize. If the Amazing Link™ feature triggers during the base game, all Amazing symbols collect when the feature completes. Game Terminology The following are translations of game terms that may appear in English in the game. MEGA = MEGA MAJOR = MAJOR MINOR = MINOR MINI = MINI Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Values are calculated initially by dividing the total possible payouts by the total possible outcomes that are available within the game. Values reflect the maximum expected return and do not change. Overall RTP: 94.20%. Last modification date: 3/29/2023