Rome Fight for Gold Eternal Empire About this Game This is a 5 reel 4 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Payline Rules This game includes 40 paylines. The number of paylines played is fixed. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. Line wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right only on adjacent reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the payline cost of 10. Payout Rules Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins resulting from a spin. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. Collect Feature When a Collect symbol lands on the reels 1 or 5, the total value of all coins on the reels is awarded. This feature can be triggered in the base game. Coin Symbols Land a Coin for a chance to increase your win! Coins may appear on reels 1 - 5. Bronze Coin awards 1x - 5x bet. Silver Coin awards 6x - 15x bet. Gold Coin awards 20x - 50x bet. Collect Symbol A Collect symbol may land either on reel 1 or reel 5 but can also land on both reels simultaneously. Jackpot Token Jackpot tokens may appear in the base game anywhere on the reels. Mini Jackpot token increments the value of the corresponding jackpot by 0.5x bet. Major Jackpot token increments the value of the corresponding jackpot by 1x bet. Grand Jackpot token increments the value of the corresponding jackpot by 5x bet. Jackpots: Mini, Major, Grand The Jackpot awards are added to the total bonus award. The Mini Jackpot is awarded when 10 coins land on the reels in any Bonus game. The Mini Jackpot awards 10x - 25x bet. The Major Jackpot is awarded when 15 coins land on the reels in any Bonus game. The Major Jackpot grants 50x - 100x bet. The Grand Jackpot is awarded when 20 coins land on the reels in any Bonus game. The Grand Jackpot bestows 20 000x - 25 000x bet. Every reached Jackpot is awarded. Jackpot values scale with bet changes. Bonus Games Bronze, Silver and Gold coins are collected to corresponding cups at the top. Every time a corresponding coin is collected, there is a chance for the bonus game to be triggered. There are 4 bonus games: the Bronze, Silver, Gold bonus games as well as the Imperial bonus game. After being placed in relevant cups, all coins are collected by the Imperial bonus. 3 Bonus spins are awarded. The initial reset value is 3. The Bronze bonus game is played with bronze coins. The Silver bonus game is played with silver coins. The Gold bonus game is played with gold coins. If a Bonus symbol appears, the spins left count is readjusted to the reset value. Imperial Bonus Game The eagle represents the Imperial bonus, where it is probable to simultaneously land Bronze, Silver and Gold coins on the reels. Bonus Game Symbols Bonus symbols are Coins, Antonius Multiplier, Helena Extra Spin, Jackpot maximiser, Immediate multiplier and Mystery symbols. Antonius Multiplier symbols include a 1x - 5x multiplier. This value is added to the current multiplier of the bonus game. The bonus game starts with a 1x multiplier. The Bonus game multiplier is applied to the total value of coins. The Bonus game multiplier is not applied to Jackpot awards. Helena Extra Spin symbol increases the reset value of the spins by 1. The red Mystery symbol reveals Antonius multiplier, Helena Extra Spin or a coin symbol. Immediate multiplier instantly multiplies the value of coins that are currently present in the bonus game by 1.5x - 5x. Jackpot maximiser symbols increment the bonus game jackpots to their maximum value. Jackpot maximiser is applied only in the bonus game. The purple Mystery symbol reveals Immediate multiplier, Jackpot maximiser or a coin symbol. Antonius Multiplier, Helena Extra Spin, Immediate multiplier, Jackpot maximiser symbols are removed from the following bonus spin. Wild Symbols Wilds can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wilds can substitute for all symbols except Coins and Collect symbols. Autoplay This feature is available in base game only. Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. The spacebar/enter performs the function of a spin button. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Balance: Displays the current balances. Game Menu Menu button: Displays additional game options. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Audio button: Toggles the game audio. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Game Settings Audio: Enables the game audio. Show Video Intro: Displays the video intro on game launch Translation of Game Terms Antonius - Character name Big Win - Big Win Bonus - Bonus Collect - Collect (symbol label) Epic Win - Epic Win Extra Spin - Extra Spin Grand - Grand (prize) Helena - Character name Major - Major (prize) Mega Win - Mega Win Mini - Mini (prize) Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information In-game video is used for promotional purposes only. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. RTP:94.36% Last modification date: 9/30/2025