Crimson Moon About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form winning combinations. The payout is dependent on the winning combinations formed. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the current total bet pided by the payline cost of 10. Payline Rules The number of paylines played is fixed. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. This game includes 25 paylines. To calculate the Line Bet, pide the Total Bet by 10. All line wins are multiplied by the bet per line. Payout Rules The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. Wild Symbols The Hero symbol is a Wild symbol. Choose male or female hero on the Character Select screen to determine Wild used in game. Wilds can substitute for all symbols except the Link ™ and Scatter symbols. Wilds can appear on any reel. Scatter Symbol The Free Spins symbol is a scatter symbol. Scatter symbols appear on reels 2, 3, and 4 only. 3 Scatter symbols landing on the base reels trigger Free Spins and pay 1 times total bet. Scatters pay in any position. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Scatter symbol wins are added to line wins. In the event of a Scatter symbol win and a line win, both wins are paid out, as the Scatter symbol does not need to appear on a payline to win. Scatter symbols cannot be substituted by the Wild symbols. Win Booster™ Rules Win Booster™ adds additional Link ™ symbols to base reels increasing the chance of triggering the Link ™ feature. You can choose to activate or deactivate the Win Booster™ in the base game. The boosted bet consists of your current bet plus an extra bet. The extra bet is equal to 2.5 times your current bet. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Link ™ Link ™ feature is triggered when 6 to 14 Link ™ symbols land. Link ™ can be triggered in both base game and free spins. All triggering Link ™ symbols are locked on the reels. Respins have special reels with Link ™ symbols and blank positions only. Link ™ begins with 3 respins. Each unlocked position spins inpidually. All additional landed Link ™ symbols lock on the reels. If any additional Link ™ symbols land, the number of respins resets to 3. Each Link ™ symbol reveals a Cash or a Bonus Prize. Link ™ ends when no respins remain or when 15 Link ™ symbols are locked on the reels. The Mega Bonus Prize is added to the sum of the prizes awarded on the Link ™ symbols. The Mini, Minor, and Major Bonus Prizes are awarded for each Link ™ symbol they appear on. Filling the reels with 15 Link ™ symbols awards the Mega Bonus Prize. Link ™ symbols cannot be substituted by the Wild symbols. Free Spins 3 Scatters trigger 10 Free Spins. The center 3 reels combine to form a 3 x 3 Super Block. Landing a Scatter Super Block awards 10 additional free spins and 1 times total bet. The Link ™ Super Block acts as 9 inpidual symbols. Win Booster™ state is the same as the spin that triggered Free Spins. Win Booster™ state cannot be changed during Free Spins. All bets during Free Spins are the same as the triggering spin. Translation of Game Terms MEGA, Mega Bonus - Mega Bonus. MAJOR, Major Bonus - Major Bonus. MINOR, Minor Bonus - Minor Bonus. MINI, Mini Bonus - Mini Bonus. Kaboom - “Kaboom” Animation transition during Free Spins and Link ™. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Turbospin button: Enables Turbospin to resolve spins faster than Quick Spin. This does not influence the results of the Spin. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Bet controls: Increase or decrease the bet with the plus and minus symbols. Max Bet button: Sets the current bet to the maximum value. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Credits: Displays the current balances. Select your Hero: Displays the character selection and the Wild that will be displayed on the reels. Game Menu Menu button: Displays additional game options. Home button: Exits the game. Hero button: Change Hero at any time from the game menu. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Banking button: Displays the banking page. Settings button: Displays the game settings including sound, spin speed and big win options. Discard button: Allows the player to discard a free game offer from the base game, if any. Game Settings Some settings and features may not be available in this game. All Sounds: Enable all game sounds. Music: Sets the game music volume. Sound FX: Sets the game Sound FX volume. Turbo Spin: Enables Turbospin to resolve spins faster than Quick Spin. This does not influence the result of the spin. Show Big Wins: Toggles big win animations on and off. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. This feature is available in base game only. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Number of Auto Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Stop on Big Win: Autoplay will stop on big win. Stop on a Feature: Autoplay will stop on a Feature played out. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. In quick and turbo spin (where available), spins play out automatically at the increased speed selected. Start Autoplay: Starts the Autoplay session. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Values are calculated initially by piding the total payouts by the total bets from a simulation of numerous game rounds. Values reflect the maximum expected return and do not change. RTP: 94.08%. RTP with Win Booster™ enabled: 94.35% Last modification date: 10/19/2023