Liberty Multiplier Retro Roller About this Game This game is a 3 reel and 3 row video slot game. This game includes 9 fixed paylines. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. General bet and payout rules Your bet per payline is your total bet per spin divided by the number of paylines. All paytables display the payout for each symbol combination based on your current bet. The in-game paytable can display the payout as a win value or a multiplier value. Multiplier values displayed are rounded down, but payouts can be higher to match the actual win value. Only one regular winning combination is paid out per payline and you are paid out the value of the highest win. If you have a winning combination, the win is highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. Regular symbols Regular symbols are all symbols on the reels that do not have a bonus feature but complete regular winning combinations on enabled paylines. Matching regular symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, starting from the first slot reel. Regular payouts depend on your bet per payline. Wild Multiplier Symbols These symbols substitute for Bells symbols and any Bar symbols to complete wins. If one Wild Multiplier symbol completes a winning combination, your win is multiplied by the multiplier value. If two Wild Multiplier symbols complete a winning combination, your win is multiplied by both multipliers. For example: symbol win X first multiplier X second multiplier = line win. Three Wild Multiplier symbols win a jackpot amount. The 5x, 4x and 3x Wild Multiplier symbols only appear on reel 2. Only the highest winning combination is paid out per payline. Respin Bonus Two or more Wild Multiplier symbols on reel 2 trigger this feature. Reel 2 locks with the landed symbols and reels 1 and 3 spin again, once. All Respin Bonus wins are doubled. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Autoplay Autoplay enables you to automatically play a set number of consecutive games without interacting with the game. You can select your bet level when starting the Autoplay session. You can select the number of spins you want to play. The number of spins remaining in your Autoplay session is displayed in the game. You can choose to stop Autoplay at any time during the session. You can set a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. You can set a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Change my bet amount Options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. Bet button: Displays your bet options. Max bet: Places the maximum bet permitted. Bet size: Places the total bet amount you want to bet per spin. Quick bet: Displays a range of quick betting options to select your total bet amount. Game Controls Options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. Credits box: Displays your balances. Win box: Displays your most recent wins. Bet box: Displays your total bet amount per spin. Bet button: Displays your bet options. Spin button: Starts your game. Stop button: Displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button: Displays the Autoplay options. Autoplay Stop button: Displays the number of spins remaining and can stop the session. This does not influence the results of the spin. Quick spin button: Increases the game play to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Menu button: Displays the game settings and game paytable. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of additional game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to accept the offer and begin playing. Only one offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the offer. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired, the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. The game displays the bet information and offer expiry date and time. This feature is only available in selected games. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Last modification date: 7/1/2025