WWE Legends Link and Win About this Game l This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. l The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. l Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Payline Rules l This game includes 25 paylines. l The number of paylines played is fixed. l A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. l A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. l Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Bet Rules l Each spin played costs a total bet amount. l The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the payline cost of 10. Payout Rules l Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. l The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. l The total payout is the sum of all payline wins and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. l If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. l The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. l The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. Wild Symbols l Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. l Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Scatters and Coin symbols. Scatter Symbols l Scatters can create their own winning combination when landing anywhere on the reels. l Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. l Scatters appear on reels 1, 3 and 5 only. Free Spins l 3 Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels trigger this feature. l 5 Free Spins are awarded. l Reels 2, 3 and 4 are merged into a single reel with big symbols. l Big symbols count as 9 symbols. l Big Scatter symbols count as 1 symbol. l Land 3 Scatter symbols during Free Spins to trigger an additional 3 Free Spins. l Free Spins play out automatically. l Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. l All lines played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. l All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Link ™ Feature l The feature can trigger in base game and Free Spins. l 6 Coin symbols anywhere on the reels trigger this feature. l 3 free respins are awarded. l Only Coin symbols and blank reel symbol spaces appear on the reels. l Each Coin symbol is allocated a random multiplier value. l The multiplier values allocated are 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, 10x, 12x, 15x, 20x, 50x, 100x, 1000x. l The multiplier values are multiplied by total bet. l The Mini Jackpot awards 50x total bet. l The Minor Jackpot awards 100x total bet. l The Major Jackpot awards 1000x total bet. l The Champion Jackpot awards 5000x total bet. l The Champion Jackpot is awarded in addition to other prizes when all 15 symbols positions are filled with Coin symbols. l Coloured Coin symbols have extra functionality. l The green Coin symbol adds the values of other Coin symbols to its own. l The red Coin symbol adds its value to other Coin symbols. l The blue Coin symbol increments the win multiplier. l The win multiplier is applied at the end of the feature. l All Coin prizes are awarded at the end of the feature. l The feature ends when no respins remain or when all 15 symbol positions are filled. l If the value of all Coins and Champion Jackpot reaches 25000x bet or higher, the Link ™ feature is finished with the win amount of 25000x bet. Buy Feature l This feature is available in base game only. l Activating this feature will instantly trigger the Link ™ feature. l The cost is 60x current bet. l The feature is played at the current bet. l This feature is not available above a certain bet threshold. HyperSpins™ Feature l Respins are available only in the base game after the first spin. l Each respin is offered at a calculated cost. l There is no respin limit. l Only wins that involve the respun reels are paid. l Respins are not available for the first spin on a completion of a feature. l Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Translation of Game Terms l MINI, Mini Jackpot - Mini jackpot. l MINOR, Minor Jackpot - Minor jackpot. l MAJOR, Major Jackpot - Major jackpot. l CHAMPION, Champion Jackpot - Champion jackpot. Bet Settings l Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. l Bet Amount: Sets the current bet value. Game Controls l Balance: Displays the current balances. l Bet: Displays the current total bet. l Win: Displays the most recent win. l Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. l Menu button: Displays additional game options. l Spin button: Starts a reel spin. l Pressing the Spin button during the current spin stops the reels quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. l Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. l Pressing the Spin button during AutoPlay ends the current Autoplay session. l Home button: Exits the game. Additional Information l Some settings and features may not be available in this game. l Malfunction voids all pays and plays. l In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. l The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. l The results of the last game played are displayed. l If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. l Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. l Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. l All WWE programming, talent names, images, likenesses, slogans, wrestling moves, trademarks, logos and copyrights are the exclusive property of WWE and its subsidiaries. All other trademarks, logos and copyrights are the property of their respective owners. © 2021 WWE. All Rights Reserved. l Macho Man Randy Savage TM licensed by CMG Brands, LLC Return to Player l The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. l This value is fixed and does not change. l This game has an RTP of 94.25%. l Buy Feature has RTP of 94.25%. l HyperSpins™ Feature has RTP of 94.25%.