Bust the Mansion About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Payline Rules This game includes 25 paylines. The number of paylines played is fixed. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the number of paylines played. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed on each payline played. Payout Rules Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins resulting from a spin. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. Wild Symbols Regular Wild symbols appear on all reels. Wild Money Vault symbols appear on reel 3 in Free Spins and the LINK&WIN™ feature. Wild Money Vault symbols will remain on reel 3 until the end of Free Spins. In Free Spins, Wild Money Vault symbol act as both Wild and Money Vault symbols. In the LINK&WIN™ feature, Wild Money Vault symbol act as a Money Vault symbol only. Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols except Scatter and Money Vault symbols. Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. LINK&WIN™ Feature Only Money Vault symbols appear on the reels. The feature can be triggered in base game and Free Spins. Each Money Vault symbol is allocated a random multiplier value. The multiplier values allocated are 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 10x, 20x, 50x, 200x, 1000x. - The Mini bonus awards a 20x multiplier value. - The Minor bonus awards a 50x multiplier value. - The Major bonus awards a 200x multiplier value. - The Mega bonus awards a 1000x multiplier value. The Grand prize is awarded when all 15 reel symbol spaces are filled with Money Vault symbols. You are awarded a 5000x multiplier value and the collected win amount. The multiplier values are multiplied by your current bet. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. You are awarded 3 respins. If additional Money Vault symbols land on the reels as a result of the respin the counter resets to 3. The feature ends: - After 3 respins with no Money Vault symbols landing on the reels. - All 15 symbol positions are filled. Money Vault symbol will remain until the next spin. The last bet you placed in the game is used as the feature bet amount. Winnings are automatically collected at the end of the feature. Free Spins 3, 4 or 5 Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels trigger 10, 15 or 25 Free Spins respectively. 3 or 4 Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels retrigger 10 or 15 Free Spins respectively. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. All lines played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Free Spins play out automatically. Scatter symbols do not have a payout. The feature ends: - When all Free Spins are completed. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Game Controls Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Bet button: Displays your bet options. Depending on your game some of these bet options may not apply. Max Bet button: Places the maximum bet permitted. Depending on your game, this can convert the bet size and the bet value to the maximum bet permitted Credits: Displays the current balances. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. A click or tap on the reels stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Menu button: Displays the game settings. Paytable button: Displays the game payout tables. Help button: Displays help and additional information. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Autoplay Settings Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. Bet Settings Bet Size: Sets the current bet value. Max Bet button: Sets the current bet to the maximum value. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements.