Zeus Gold Blitz Fortune Tower Zeus Gold Blitz Fortune Tower™ About this game This is a video slot game with 5 reels and variable rows in base game. There are 5 reels and 5 rows in the Bonus Feature. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Way Rules This game includes 720 ways in the base game, and 3125 ways in the Bonus Feature. A way is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other in this pattern. Way wins run from left to right and right to left, starting from the first and last reel respectively. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The total bet is the number of coins multiplied by coin size. The bet multiplier is 10. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the ways played. Payout Rules Way win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The total payout is the sum of all way wins and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. Gold Blitz Fortune Tower™ Feature The Gold Blitz Fortune Tower™ displays 6 Jackpots and 9 Cash values. When a Zeus and a Collect symbol land on a single spin, a displayed value is collected from the Gold Blitz Fortune Tower™. The number of Jackpot and Cash values awarded is determined by the number of landed Collect symbols. Multiple Jackpot and Cash values can be awarded per spin. Cash values range from 0.5x to 15x the bet. Jackpot values range from 5x to 1 000x the bet. Zeus symbol This symbol appears on reel 3 only. A maximum of 5 Zeus symbols can land on a single spin. Every Zeus symbol that lands activates all Collect symbols on that spin. Collect Symbol Jackpot and Cash Collect symbols can appear on reels 1, 2, 4 and 5. When activated, Jackpot values are collected by the Jackpot Collect symbol. Each Jackpot Collect symbol collects a Jackpot value from the Gold Blitz Fortune Tower™. When activated, Cash values are collected by the Cash Collect symbol. Each Cash Collect symbol collects a cash value from the Gold Blitz Fortune Tower™. Cash Collect symbol Upgrade Feature When multiple Zeus symbols land on the same spin as Cash Collect symbols, the Cash Collect symbols can randomly upgrade to Jackpot Collect symbols before being awarded. Cash Collect Symbols can only upgrade after the Gold Blitz Fortune Tower™ feature has been awarded once. Gold Blitz Fortune Tower™ Multiplier When a Zeus symbol lands without a Collect symbol, it awards a 1x multiplier increase. Multipliers are added to a random Jackpot or a Cash value on the Gold Blitz Fortune Tower™. The maximum Multiplier that can be accumulated on any value is 5x. The multipliers are applied to the Jackpot or Cash values when collected. The multiplier of any awarded value resets at the end of that spin. All multipliers reset after Free Spins are complete. A multiplier of up to 5x can be randomly awarded upon return to the base game. Bonus Symbol Bonus symbols appear on reels 1, 3 and 5. This symbol appears in the base game and in Free Spins. 3 Bonus symbols award 1x the bet. Bonus Feature 3 Bonus symbols in the base game award 8 Free Spins. When 2 or 3 Bonus symbols land during Free Spins, an additional 3 or 8 Free Spins are awarded respectively. Free Spins play out automatically. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Wild Symbols Wild symbols appear on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except the Bonus, Zeus and Collect symbols. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. Spins are played at the current selected bet. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Triggering the Bonus feature stops Autoplay. This feature is available in the base game only. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Game Controls Spin Button: Starts a reel spin. Spin Settings button: Displays additional spin options. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Balance: Displays the current balance. Credits: Displays the current balances. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Bet Decrease button: Decreases the current bet. Bet Increase button: Increases the current bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Video button: Displays In-game information. Exit button: Exits the game. Spacebar: Pressing this keyboard button starts or stops a spin. This does not influence the result of the spin. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Game Menu Menu button: Displays additional game options. Home button: Exits the game. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Help button: Displays help and additional information. Win History button: Displays game win history information. Cashier button: Displays the cashier page. Close button: Closes the game menu.Lobby button: Exits the game. Return button: Returns to the game. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Spin Button Position button: Re positions spin button location. Bet Settings Bet Amount: Sets the current bet value. Bet Size: Sets the current bet value. Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Min Bet button: Sets the current bet to the minimum value. Max Bet button: Sets the current bet to the maximum value. Game Settings All Sounds: Controls all sounds, including game and background sounds. Game Sounds: Controls in-game sounds. (Only enabled if All Sounds is ON.) Background Music: Controls background music. (Only enabled if All Sounds is ON.) Voice Overs: Controls voice sounds. (Only enabled if All Sounds is ON.)Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins award. Each offer has a unique reference number.The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed.Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer.A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the FreeGames. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. This feature is only available in selected games. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game.Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event you disconnect, the final game results are displayed upon returning to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Values reflect the maximum expected return and do not change. Values are calculated initially by dividing the total possible payouts by the total possible outcomes that are available within the game. RTP: 94.20%. The probability of triggering certain game events may change during gameplay depending on the current game state or progress. Last modification date: 9/23/2025