Ark of Ra About this Game ´üČ This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. ´üČ The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. ´üČ Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Payline Rules ´üČ A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. ´üČ The number of paylines played is fixed. ´üČ The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. ´üČ This game includes 20 paylines. ´üČ A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. ´üČ Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Bet Rules ´üČ Each spin played costs a total bet amount. ´üČ The total bet is based on the initial bet placed on each payline played. ´üČ The initial bet is the current total bet pided by the number of paylines played. Payout Rules ´üČ Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. ´üČ The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. ´üČ The total payout is the sum of all payline wins resulting from a spin. ´üČ If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. ´üČ Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. ´üČ The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. ´üČ The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Coin Collect ´üČ Each base game reel has a Coin Meter located above the reel. ´üČ Whenever a Coin lands on a base game reel it is added to the Coin Meter above the reel. ´üČ Collecting 2 Coins in a Coin Meter triggers the Wild Reel feature on that reel. ´üČ Coins are not collected on an active Wild Reel. ´üČ Coin Meters persist for each bet level. Wild Symbols ´üČ The Wild symbols can appear on any reel. ´üČ Wild symbols are available during the base game and the Free Spins feature. ´üČ Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. ´üČ Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except the Scatter symbol and the Coin symbols. ´üČ Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wild Reel ´üČ The Wild Reel feature makes all positions on a reel wild. ´üČ Wild Reels are active for 2 wagered spins in base game. ´üČ The Wild Reel feature is active for 1 to 3 random reels during Free Spins depending on player's choice. ´üČ Free Spins Scatter symbols can appear on Wild Reels. Free Spins ´üČ Free Spins Scatter symbols appear on reel 1, 3, and 5 only. ´üČ 3 Free Spins Scatter symbols pay 2 times total bet and triggers Free Spins. ´üČ A choice of three options are offered when entering Free Spins. ´üČ Option 1: 2 Free Spins awarded with 3 Wild Reels. ´üČ Option 2: 8 Free Spins awarded with 2 Wild Reels. ´üČ Option 3: 25 Free Spins awarded with 1 Wild Reel. ´üČ Depending on the player's selected Free Spins option, 1 to 3 reels become Wild Reels during Free Spins. ´üČ Free Spins play out automatically. ´üČ During Free Spins, 3 Free Spins Scatter symbols retrigger ongoing Free Spins option. ´üČ The Free Spins Scatter symbol cannot be substituted by any Wild symbol. ´üČ Free Spins Scatter wins are added to line wins. ´üČ All bets played in Free Spins are the same as the spin that triggered the Free Spins. Game Controls ´üČ Credits: Displays the current balances. ´üČ Bet: Displays the current total bet. ´üČ Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. ´üČ Win: Displays the most recent win. ´üČ Max Bet button: Sets the current bet to the maximum value. ´üČ Spin button: Starts a reel spin. ´üČ Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. ´üČ A click or tap on the reels stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. ´üČ Sounds: Enables game sounds. ´üČ Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. ´üČ Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. ´üČ Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. ´üČ Paytable button: Displays the game payout tables. ´üČ Menu button: Displays the game settings. Autoplay ´üČ This feature is available in base game only. ´üČ Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. ´üČ Spins are played at the current selected bet. ´üČ The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Autoplay Settings ´üČ Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. ´üČ Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. ´üČ Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. ´üČ Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. Bet Settings ´üČ Bet Size: Sets the current bet value. ´üČ Max Bet button: Sets the current bet to the maximum value. Additional Information ´üČ Some settings and features may not be available in this game. ´üČ Malfunction voids all pays and plays. ´üČ In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. ´üČ The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. ´üČ The results of the last game played are displayed. ´üČ If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. ´üČ Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. ´üČ Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. ´üČ The win up to amounts displayed on payout tables are rounded off values, and are an approximate value of the highest win possible for the game. Return to Player ´üČ The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. ´üČ Values are calculated initially by piding the total possible payouts by the total possible outcomes that are available within the game. ´üČ Values reflect the average expected return and do not change. ´üČ Overall RTP: 96.14%. Last modification date: 7/21/2022