Pineapple Pop About this Game This game includes up to 262144 ways. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form winning combinations. The payout is dependent on the winning combinations formed. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Playing the Game The balance is displayed in currency and is available in the console bar. Select the spin button to spin the reels. Once the reels stop, winning combinations are highlighted. The win amount is displayed in the win box. If there is no winning combination, the game is completed. Way Rules A way is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other in this pattern. Way wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Each spin can have up to 262144 ways to win. Payout Rules The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The total payout is the sum of all way wins and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. If multiple winning combinations land on a single way, only the highest win is awarded. Rolling Reels™ Feature This feature can trigger in base game and Free Spins. This feature triggers after any win. Winning symbols are removed from the reels and the symbols above move into the empty spaces. Rolling Reels™ can award multiple consecutive wins. The feature continues until no winning combinations are present on the reels. Escalating Ways An additional row of symbols is added to the top of the reels following a winning Rolling Reels™ cascade. Up to 4 additional rows can be added for more ways to win. Additional rows are removed upon completion of a base game spin. Jumbo Blocks™ Jumbo Blocks™ can appear during Rolling Reels™. Jumbo Blocks™ can range in size: 2x2, 3x3, and 4x4. Jumbo Blocks™ can appear on reels 2 - 6. Jumbo Blocks™ can be any symbol except Scatters and Wilds. Jumbo Blocks™ can contribute to more winning combinations. Any portions of Jumbo Blocks™ appearing outside of the reel area do not contribute to winning combinations. Wild Fill Feature Empty spaces below Jumbo Blocks™ are filled with Wilds. Wilds will collect at the bottom of the reels in Free Spins until they are part of a winning combination. Second Chance Feature Every Scatter that lands activates the Second Chance Feature. The Second Chance Feature triggers after all wins are complete. Up to 12 symbols within a diamond shaped area around each Scatter explode and give space for additional symbols to cascade in. Scatters do not explode Wilds, Jumbo Blocks™, or other Scatters. Wild Symbols Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Scatters. Wild symbols can land on reels 2 - 6 only. Persistent Wilds Persistent Wilds remain on the reels until they are part of a win. Persistent Wilds appear in Free Spins only. Free Spins 3 Scatter symbols award 6 Free Spins. Each additional Scatter symbol that lands during the triggering spin awards 3 extra Free Spins. Only the highest win amount is paid for scatter symbol combinations. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Elevator The Elevator feature is active during Free Spins. The feature locks in higher minimum Ways to win for the duration of Free Spins. Free Spins start with the Elevator set to 4 rows high. The Elevator moves up 1 row after each winning spin. The Elevator may increase up to 8 rows high. The Elevator level never decreases during a Free Spins feature. UPSIZER™ Use the UPSIZER™ to purchase additional Free Spins. UPSIZER™ options are purchased at the prices displayed. UPSIZER™ options displayed are a total of Free Spins awarded and additional Free Spins purchased through the feature. 9, 12, 15 or 25 total Free Spins can be purchased with UPSIZER™. This feature is only available during Free Spins. UPSIZER™ is not available for purchase through Feature Buy. Some UPSIZER™ options may not be available above a certain bet threshold. Some of these options may not be available in your location. Feature Buy Use the Feature Buy to trigger Free Spins. Feature options available are: 6 Free Spins 9 Free Spins 12 Free Spins 15 Free Spins 25 Free Spins Features are purchased at the prices displayed. Free Spins are played at the current bet. This feature is available in base game only. This feature may not be available above a certain bet threshold. Some of these options may not be available in your location. Icons Autoplay Main Menu Return Decrement Increment Bet Mute / Unmute Move Responsible Gaming Player Protection Loyalty Game History Transaction History Banking Settings Paytable / Information Help Files Lobby Discard Some of these options may not be available in your location. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Autoplay can be stopped at any time. This does not influence the results of the spin. Triggering any feature will stop Autoplay. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. Bet Selection Each spin played costs a total bet amount. Select the bet on a mobile device by selecting Bet in the console bar or by selecting the Bet icon. Select the bet in desktop with the Increment and Decrement icons on the console bar. Also, select the bet from the Main Menu using the Bet icon, or by selecting the bet area. Max Bet: Places the maximum bet permitted. Quick bet: Displays a range of quick betting options to select the total bet amount. Settings The Settings panel provides access to multiple game settings. To access the Settings panel, open the Main Menu and select the Settings icon. Choose which settings to turn on or off. Spacebar: Pressing this keyboard button starts or stops a spin. This does not influence the result of the spin. All Sounds setting controls all sounds, including game and background sounds. Game Sounds setting controls console and spin sounds, as well as sounds for winning combinations and sequences. (Only enabled if All Sounds is ON.) Background Music setting controls background music. (Only enabled if All Sounds is ON.) Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. This feature is only available in selected games. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Depending on the game you are playing, the RTP value may be defined as a single value or defined by the different stages or modes of the game. Values are calculated initially by dividing the total payouts by the total bets from a simulation of numerous game rounds. Values reflect the maximum expected return and do not change. Last modification date: 4/10/2024