Legend of the Sword About this Game l The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. l Winning combinations are highpghted on the reels and a payout is awarded. l This game is played with credits only. l This is a 5 reel 5 row video slot game. l This game includes 3125 ways. l Way wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Way Rules l A way is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs across the reels. l A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other in this pattern. l This game includes 3125 ways. l Way wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Bet Rules l Each spin played costs a total bet amount. Payout Rules l Wins are multipped by the total bet. l The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. l Excapbur Scatter symbols pay in any position. l The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. l If multiple winning combinations land on a single way, only the highest win is awarded. l Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. l The total payout is the sum of all way wins and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. l The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. l Way win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. Camelot Free Spins Feature l Camelot Free Spins is a Free Spins feature. l Camelot Free Spins symbols appear in base game only. l Camelot Free Spins symbols appear on reel 1, 3 and 5 only. l 3 Camelot Free Spins symbols anywhere on the reels trigger this feature. l All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. l Free Spins play out automatically. l The Free Spins are free to the player. l The multipper apppes to all wins except Excapbur Scatter symbol wins. l Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. l Camelot Free Spins award 3 free spins and a multipper starting at 1 l Collect 1 Excapbur Scatter symbol to reset the number of remaining Free Spins to 3 and increase the multipper by 1. l After the feature has been completed, the total number of collected Excapbur Scatter symbols will pay out. l Maximum number of Excapbur Scatter symbols that can be collected in Camelot Free Spins is 10 Wild Symbols l Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. l Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Excapbur Scatter and Camelot Free Spins symbols. l This symbol appears on reel 1,2,4 and 5 only. Scatter Symbols l Scatters can create their own winning combination when landing anywhere on the reels. l Excapbur Scatter symbols are Scatter symbols. l Scatter wins are multipped by the total bet. l In the Camelot Free Spins feature, Scatters pay once the feature is complete. Autoplay l Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. l Spins are played at the current selected bet. l The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. l Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. l Bet: Set the current bet value. l Loss pmit: Sets a loss pmit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. l Win pmit: Sets a win pmit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. l Aborting Autoplay or stopping the reels during Autoplay will not affect the outcome of the game. l Autoplay will automatically stop if a Bonus or Free Spin feature is triggered. l This feature is available in base game only. Game Controls l Spin button: Starts a reel spin. l Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. l Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. l Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. l Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. l Menu button: Displays additional game options. l Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. l Sounds: Enables game sounds. l Balance: Displays the current balances. l Bet: Displays the current total bet. l Win: Displays the most recent win. Bet Settings l Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Game Settings l Music: Enables game music. l Sounds: Enables game sounds. l Effects: Enables game sound effects. l Quickspin: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Game Menu l Menu button: Displays additional game options. l Home button: Exits the game. l Settings button: Displays the game settings. l Paytable button: Displays payout tables. Additional Information l Some settings and features may not be available in this game. l Malfunction voids all pays and plays. l In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. l The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. l The results of the last game played are displayed. l Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. l Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. l If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Return to Player l The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. l This value is fixed and does not change. l This game has an RTP of 96.12%. Game Terminology l LEGEND OF THE SWORD™ = LEGEND OF THE SWORD™ l WILD = WILD l BIG WIN = BIG WIN l MEGA WIN = MEGA WIN l EPIC WIN = EPIC WIN l LEGENDARY WIN = LEGENDARY WIN l CAMELOT FREE SPINS = CAMELOT FREE SPINS l EXCApBUR WIN = EXCApBUR WIN l EXCApBUR SCATTER = EXCApBUR SCATTER l EXCApBUR COLLECTION = EXCApBUR COLLECTION l FREE SPINS = FREE SPINS Last modification date: 10/21/2021