Froot Loot About this Game This game is a 5 reel and 3 row video slot game. This game includes 9 fixed paylines. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. General Bet and Payout Rules The number of credits bet per payline is your total bet per spin divided by the number of paylines. All paylines are permanently enabled for every spin. All paytables display the payout for each symbol combination based on your current bet. Only one regular winning combination is paid out per payline and you are paid out the value of the highest win. Only one scatter winning combination is paid out per spin and you are paid out the value of the highest win. Scatter wins are added to regular wins. If you have a winning combination, the win is highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. Regular symbols Regular symbols are all symbols on the reels that do not have a bonus feature but complete regular winning combinations on enabled paylines. Matching regular symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, starting from the first slot reel. Regular payouts depend on your bet per payline. Wild symbol This symbol only appears on reels 2, 3 and 4. This symbol substitutes for other symbols to complete wins. This symbol does not substitute for the scatter symbol. This symbol does not create its own winning combination. Scatter symbol This symbol does not need to appear on adjacent reels to complete a win. This symbol cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. This symbol creates its own winning combination. Scatter payouts depend on your total bet. Autoplay Autoplay enables you to automatically play a set number of consecutive games without interacting with the game. AutoPlay plays with the last bet value you selected, so you must select a bet amount before starting AutoPlay. You can select the number of spins you want to play. The number of spins remaining in your Autoplay session is displayed in the game. You can choose to stop Autoplay at any time during the session. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Change my bet amount Options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. Bet button: Displays your bet options. Max Bet: Places the maximum bet permitted. Bet size: Places the total bet amount you want to bet per spin. Quick bet: Displays a range of quick betting options to select your total bet amount. Game Controls Options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. Credits box: Displays your balances. Win box: Displays your most recent wins. Bet box: Displays your total bet amount per spin. Bet button: Displays your bet options. Spin button: Starts your game. Stop button: Displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button: Displays your Autoplay options. Quick spin button: Increases the game play to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Menu button: Displays the game settings and game paytable. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Values are calculated initially by dividing the total possible payouts by the total possible outcomes that are available within the game. Values reflect the maximum expected return and do not change. RTP: 93.94%. Last modification date: 9/11/2023