Stellar Gold About this game The aim of the game is to spin the reels so that the symbols form different combinations. Winning combinations appear highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. A 5 reel, 3 row video slot. This game is played with credits only. The spins in the Starry Free Spins feature are called free spins. The spins within the Bonus feature are called bonus spins. Betting rules Each spin costs a total bet amount. Prize Rules Winnings are multiplied by the total bet. Payline winnings prizes are based on the initial bet placed. The value of the prize depends on the winning combination formed. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins and coin symbol wins resulting from one spin. If multiple winning combinations appear on a single payline, only the highest win is paid. Only the highest winning combination is paid when matching symbols. The paytable shows the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Free Spins symbols pay scatter. The Free Spins symbol is a scatter symbol. Simultaneous wins on different paylines are added to the winnings. Payline Rules A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that spans a line across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols appear adjacent to each other on a payline. Payline wins are formed from left to right, starting with the first reel. The number of paylines played is fixed. This game includes 20 paylines. Wild symbols Wild symbols appear on all reels in the base game and Starry Free Spins. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Free Spins, Bonus, Coin, Collect and 1UP symbols. Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when they appear in a payline combination. Cash Collect Function Coin symbols appear on reels 1-4. When a Collect symbol lands on reel 5, you receive the total amount of all coin symbols on the screen multiplied by the value of the Collect Booster feature. This feature can be triggered in the base game and in Starry Free Spins. Coin symbols can have a value between x0.2 and x50 the total bet. Collect Booster Function This feature is available in the base game, in Starry Free Spins and in Bonus. The Collect Booster feature multiplies the values of all coin symbols on the reels by the multiplier shown on the Collect Booster screen. The multiplier starts at x1 and increases with each 1UP symbol that appears on any reel. The multiplier can increase up to x10. Once the multiplier is applied, it will reset to x1. The multiplier value is collected and saved per bet. The Collect Booster feature does not apply to payline wins. The Collect Booster feature is activated when a Collect symbol lands on reel 5 or, in the case of the Bonus feature, at the end of the feature. Starry Free Spins Feature This feature is only available in the base game. If 3 Free Spins symbols appear scattered on reels 1, 3 and 5, the Starry Free Spins feature will be activated. The feature awards the player with 9 free spins to start with. If 2 Free Spins symbols land scattered on reels 1, 3 or 5 at any time during the Starry Free Spins feature, you will receive 3 additional Free Spins. If 3 Free Spins symbols appear scattered across reels 1, 3 and 5, at any time during the Starry Free Spins feature you will receive 9 additional free spins. The initial value of the Collect Booster multiplier is maintained from the base game. Coin symbol and payline wins from the feature are added to the total win for each spin. All coin symbol values landed during the free spins are collected in the Extra Chance Golden Respin counter. When there are no more free spins, the Extra Chance Golden Respin feature will be activated with the chance to win the collected value. In the Extra Chance Golden Respin feature only reel 5 is activated, reels 1 to 4 are disabled and hidden by the coin stacks. If a Collect symbol lands on reel 5 during the Extra Chance Golden Respin feature, the total value collected in the Extra Chance Golden Respin meter will be paid, multiplied by the value shown in the Collect Booster multiplier. The Bonus feature cannot be activated within the feature. Free spins are free to the player. All bets placed are equal to the bets placed on the spin that triggered the feature. The Starry Free Spins feature ends once the Extra Chance Golden Respin feature has been played. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins, Cash Collect feature wins, Free Spins symbol wins and Extra Chance Golden Respin feature wins resulting from one spin. All lines played are the same as the spin that triggered the feature. Bonus Feature This feature is only available in the base game. Landing a Bonus symbol on all reels will trigger the Heart Bonus feature. If a Bonus symbol lands, that reel will be locked as soon as it is collected and the player will be informed with a diamond in the reel frame. Bonus symbols can be collected in multiple spins and more than one Bonus symbol can appear at a time. Bonus symbol collections are saved per bet; changing a bet will reset the collection, but returning to a previous bet will allow the player to continue collecting from the state they were in before changing the bet. The feature awards the player with 3 bonus spins to start with. The initial value of the Collect Booster multiplier is maintained from the base game. Bonus spins are reset for each coin or 1UP symbol that lands. The coin symbols will remain in place until the end of the spins. The feature win will be paid at the end of the feature and the values of all coin symbols will be added together; the multiplier value of the Collect Booster feature will also be applied. If there is a coin in each position, all coins will spin and award a prize of x50 the bet per coin, with the multiplier value of the Collect Booster feature applied. The feature ends when there are no more bonus spins or no more available positions from which coins can land. The last bet used in the round that triggers the feature is the bet amount used for the feature. The Starry Free Spins feature cannot be activated within the Bonus. Bonus spins are free for the player. Auto play Autoplay allows you to automatically play a defined number of spins. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the autoplay session is displayed in the game. Spins: Defines the number of spins for the autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins are completed. Bet: Defines the value of the current bet. Loss Limit – Define a loss limit for the autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance falls below this amount. Win Limit – Define a win limit for the autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. If autoplay is stopped or the reels are stopped during autoplay, the outcome of the game will not be affected. Autoplay stops automatically if a bonus or free spins feature is triggered. This feature is only available in the base game. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Bet button: Displays options for changing the current bet. Raise Bet button: Increases the current bet. Lower Bet button: Reduces the current bet. Auto Play Button – Displays auto play options. Stop Autoplay Button – Ends the current autoplay session. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Sounds: Activate the game sounds. Balance: Displays current balances. Bet: Displays the total amount wagered. Profit: Displays the most recent profit. Pressing Skip on the Roll button temporarily increases the game speed to x3. This does not affect the results of the roll. Game menu Home button: exit the game. Paytable button – Displays the paytables. Setting up bets Quick Bet Buttons – Sets the current bet to the selected value. Free games A free game offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The betting settings are defined by the game operators and cannot be modified. Winnings are added to your bonus balance or cash balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or rejected. Select Start Now to begin playing a free game offer. Only one free spins offer can be played at a time. Select Use Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will become available again when you log back into the game. Select No, thanks to decline free games. To reopen a discarded offer, you must contact the game managers and provide the reference number. When an offer has been completed, discarded, or expired, the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiration date and time, if it is not played before then it will no longer be available. This feature is only available during select games. Additional information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunctions void all games and all payouts. Any changes made to the rules of the game will be carried out in accordance with the requirements of current regulations. If you disconnect, the final state of the game will be displayed upon returning. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before the disconnection, the results of the previous game played will be displayed. Ongoing functions that require interaction or selection can be continued. Spacebar: Pressing this key starts or stops a drum from spinning. Spacebar: Holding this key starts a quick roll. Enter: Pressing this key starts or stops the rotation of a drum. Enter: Holding this key starts a quick roll. Return to player Return to Player (RTP) is the statistical and theoretical percentage of the total money wagered on a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Depending on the game you are playing, the RTP value can be defined as a single value for the entire game or it can depend on the stage or game mode. Initially, the values are calculated by dividing the total payouts by the total bets from a simulation of numerous rounds of play. Values reflect the average expected return and do not change. RTP: 94.48 %. The probability of triggering certain game events may change during gameplay depending on the current game state or progress. Last modification date: 10/15/2025