Aquatic Treasures About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the paylines played. Payline Rules This game includes 20 The number of paylines played is A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot On a single payline if multiple winning combinations land, only the highest win is awarded. Payline wins are awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet Bonus Symbol Bonus symbol wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot Bonus symbols in any positions on reels 1, 2 and 3 trigger Free Only the highest Bonus symbol combination is Bonus symbol wins are multiplied by the total This symbol appears in both base game and Free Wild Symbol Every Wild that lands will expand to form a Wild Adjacent reels of expanded Wilds form a larger image with the same Wild symbols can substitute for all Wild symbols can substitute for Bonus Symbols to trigger Free This symbol appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 This symbol appears in both base game and Free This symbol does not have its own Payout Rules Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet The total payout is the sum of all payline wins and Bonus symbol wins resulting from a spin. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Free Spins Bonus symbols in any positions on reels 1, 2 and 3 trigger Free 8 Free Spins are Free Spins can be All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this All lines played are the same as the spin that triggered this Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game Free Spins are played on a different reel set from the base Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The Autoplay start button starts the Autoplay session based on your selected options. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. If any condition is met to stop the session, all AutoPlay settings return to default. If you are disconnected, AutoPlay will stop. All AutoPlay settings return to default when the game is reloaded. Autoplay Settings Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the cost of the next spin would decrease the balance by this amount. Single Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Game Controls Fast Play Active Indicator: Indicates when Fast Play is Spin button: Starts a reel Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. The following describes the functions for each of the buttons found on the game interface. Play button: Continues the Game Menu button: Displays the game settings and game payout Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay Autoplay start button: Starts Autoplay Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay Bet Increase button: Increases the current bet up to the next highest available Bet Decrease button: Decreases the current bet down to the next lowest available bet. Game Menu System Menu button: Displays additional system Help button: Displays help and additional Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game Bet button: Displays the bet Settings button: Displays the game Return to Game button: Closes the Game Menu and returns to the base Bet Settings Coin Size: Sets the coin Coins Per Line: Sets the number of coins to bet per Game Settings Fast Play button: Toggle to turn Fast Play on or off to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the Mute All Sounds button: Toggle to mute all game Background Music button: Toggle to turn background music on or Sound Effects button: Toggle to turn game sound effects on or Intro Screen button: Toggle to turn the game Intro Screen on or Left-Handed Mode button: Toggle to turn left-handed mode on or Additional Information Double Up winnings are automatically collected on If a Double Up feature is in progress, the game will refresh into the base In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. If a spin request does not reach the casino server before disconnection, the results of the previous spin played are Some settings and features may not be available in this Malfunctions void all pays and plays Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over This game has an RTP of 96.03%. Last modification date: 8/4/2021