Money Mines Play the game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form winning The payout is dependent on the winning combinations Your balance is displayed in credits and is available in the console Select your bet by pressing the Bet button or bet area on the Press the Spin button to spin the Press the Stop button to stop the current reel This does not influence the results of the spin. Once the reels stop, wins are highlighted if you have a winning You are paid out the win amount as displayed in the win box. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is completed and you can play Game Settings Change your game settings by doing the following: Select Select You can choose which to turn on or off. Sounds control all Show Feature Screen displays the feature screen at Quick Spin increases the speed of the slot reel l Quick Spin Prompt Desktop Only Depending on your game, using your computer’s spacebar allows you to start and stop the spin of the General Rules FIREPOT™ Symbol Rules FIREPOT™ symbols appear on any Land 3 FIREPOT™ symbols in Base Game to award Land 4 or more FIREPOT™ symbols in Base Game to win a cash Land 3 or more FIREPOT™ symbols in Free Spins to win a cash Wild Symbol Rules The Wild symbol can substitute for all symbols except the FIREPOT™ symbol and Scatter symbols. Land 3 or more Wild symbols to win a cash Wild symbols appear on any Scatter Symbol Rules Land 3 Scatter symbols to win 1X total bet and trigger the Free Spins . Scatter symbols appear on reels 2, 3 and Scatter symbols randomly change into Golden Scatter Golder Scatter Symbol Rules Golden Scatter symbols collect in the Cart . Cart Rules During Base Game the Cart fills up with Golden Scatter The Cart awards up to 5 extra free spins in the Free Spins Bonus Wheel Rules When Free Spins is triggered the Bonus Wheel is The Bonus Wheel will spin once and award a number of free spins and a The multiplier is applied to all wins in Free Spins except FIREPOT™ symbol After the Bonus Wheel spin is complete, the Cart awards up to 5 extra free spins and will start the Free Spins High Symbol Rules Land any combination of 3 or more High symbols to win a cash Low Symbol Rules Low symbols award spins in Base Game . Low symbols award cash prizes in Free Spins . Spins Feature The Spins Feature award spins when landing a combination of 3 or more Low symbols or 3 FIREPOT™ symbols. Spins are awarded based on the credits Your collected Spins will be adjusted based on the selected When you have 1 or more Spins collected, the reels will spin without the staked bet being subtracted from your credit When playing a Spins bet, your game will play out and winnings are collected as Spins Feature in Free Games Free Games award a number of Free Game spins over a set period of Free Games may not be available in the game you are Spins awarded during the Spins Feature cannot be played during an active Free Game During Free Games, all Spins Feature spins won are collected until the Free Game Offer is completed or Free Spins Rules During Free Spins , the win multiplier triggered on the Bonus Wheel is applied to all wins in Free Spins except FIREPOT™ symbol Achieve 3 Scatter symbols that appear on reels 2, 3 or 4 to retrigger Free The number of free spins awarded on retrigger is equal to the number of free spins awarded on the Bonus Wheel . All bets and lines played are the same as the spin that triggered the All winnings during Free Spins are automatically added into your Completing Free Spins The total Free Spin winnings will be You can then resume regular Betting and Payout Rules There are 20 All wins pay left to right except Scatter symbols which pay Matching symbols must be on adjacent reels, from left-to-right, starting from the first slot Highest win paid per winning All winning combinations are added together. All wins are multiplied by the credits AutoPlay AutoPlay enables you to automatically play a set number of consecutive games without interacting with the game. AutoPlay plays with the last bet value you selected, so you must select a bet amount before starting AutoPlay can be stopped at any time and does not influence the results of the The number of spins remaining in your AutoPlay session is displayed in the Triggering Free Spins will stop This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Return To Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. RTP – 96.24% Values are calculated initially by piding the total possible payouts by the total possible outcomes that are available within the game. This value is fixed and does not change. Last modification date: 9/16/2022