Wolf Howl About this Game Welcome to Wolf Howl. This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. It features Buy Free Spins, Scatter Adder, Multiplier Wild, and Wild Call. General Win on a line pays if in succession from the leftmost to the rightmost position according to the PAYTABLE. Only the highest win per line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different lines are added. Wild symbols substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a line according to the PAYTABLE. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except Scatter symbols and Multiplier Wild symbols. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. The theoretical return to player (RTP) is 96.15% Multiplier Wild In the base game, the possible multipliers a Multiplier Wild can award are 1X, 2X, and 3X. In the base game, 2X and 3X Multiplier Wild appear only on reels 2, 3, and 4. In Free Spins, the possible multipliers a Multiplier Wild can award are 1X, 2X, 3X, 4X, and 5X. More than one can appear on a payline, with any multipliers awarded multiplied by one another. For example, a 2X Multiplier Wild and a 3X Multiplier Wild awards a total multiplier of 6X on that line. Free Spins If 3, 4, or 5 Scatter symbols have landed anywhere on the reels, then 8, 15, or 30 Free Spins are awarded, respectively. Landing additional Scatter symbols award additional Free Spins. 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5 Scatter symbols award 2, 5, 8, 15, and 30 additional Free Spins respectively. The last bet placed in the game is used as the Free Spins bet amount. Wild Call In Free Spins, before every spin, every visible Scatter symbol triggers Wild Call. All Scatter symbols and all symbols adjacent to them will convert into 1X Multiplier Wild symbols. If Multiplier Wild symbols are already adjacent to the Scatter symbols, then they will upgrade to the next, more valuable Multiplier Wild. These Multiplier Wild symbol positions on the reelstrips will remain as Multiplier Wild symbol positions for the remainder of Free Spins. 5X Multiplier Wild symbol cannot be upgraded further. Scatter Adder In the base game, there is a chance to be awarded between 2 - 4 random Scatter symbols. If Scatter Adder is triggered, then the Scatter symbols can appear on any reel in any order. This feature is randomly triggered during the spin. Buy Free Spins In the Buy Free Spins feature, guaranteed Free Spins can be purchased at a multiple of the current bet. Buy Free Spins feature can be used only at any time a bet change can take place. The options are: At least 8 Free Spins for 90X the current bet. At least 15 Free Spins for 159X the current bet. 30 Free Spins for 314X the current bet. When choosing 8 or 15 Free Spins, there is a chance to land more Scatter symbols. The Buy Free Spins feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Game Terms Translations The following list is only applicable in a language other than English WOLF HOWL - WOLF HOWL MULTIPLIER WILD - MULTIPLIER WILD WILD CALL - WILD CALL SCATTER - SCATTER SCATTER ADDER - SCATTER ADDER ADDING SCATTERS - ADDING SCATTERS BUY FREE SPINS - BUY FREE SPINS WILD - WILD FREE SPINS - FREE SPINS WIN OVER 25 000X - WIN OVER 25 000X LINES - LINES BIG WIN - BIG WIN MEGA WIN - MEGA WIN EPIC WIN - EPIC WIN JUST FOR THE WIN - JUST FOR THE WIN Game Controls Autoplay settings: Select a number of spins to auto play by the up and down arrows or by selecting a value directly. Start and stop the Autoplay by pressing the spin button. Balance field: Displays the current account balance. Bet field: Displays the current bet size. Bet settings: Change the bet size by the up and down arrows or by selecting a value directly. Spin Button: Start the game with the current bet size as displayed in the bet field. Clicking or tapping anywhere on the reels during a spin displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Win field: Displays the pay in a winning round. Game Menu Advanced settings: Navigate to the Responsible Gaming pages. Advanced settings: Open the Advanced Settings menu. Advanced settings: Turn Quick Spin on or off. Banking: Navigate to the Banking pages. Lobby: Navigate back to the casino lobby. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Paytables button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Sound settings: Turn sound on or off. Autoplay Settings Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Spin and Stop in slots Select Spin to start the game. The Spin becomes a Stop . Select Stop to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Last modification date: 7/6/2021