Divine Riches Helios About this Game ´üČ Welcome to pine Riches Helios. ´üČ This is a 5 reel 4 row video slot game. ´üČ This game has 30 lines. ´üČ It features Blazing Bonus, Free Spins with the Hand of Helios feature and Both Ways pay on Helios symbols. General ´üČ Win on a line pays if the same symbol appears in succession on adjacent reels, from the leftmost position to the rightmost position according to the PAYTABLE. ´üČ Helios symbols in a winning combination on adjacent reels pays left to right, beginning with the leftmost reel and right to left, beginning with the rightmost reel. ´üČ Only the highest win per line from both ways is paid. ´üČ Simultaneous wins on different lines are added. ´üČ Wild symbols substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a line according to the PAYTABLE. ´üČ Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except Free Spins symbols. Blazing Bonus Trigger ´üČ Some symbols on the reels in the base game have a bonus token attached to them. ´üČ Every time a bonus token lands there is a chance to trigger the Blazing Bonus feature. ´üČ The graphical collection area in the game is purely for visual entertainment purposes and as such does not influence the chance of awarding the Blazing Bonus feature. ´üČ The Blazing Bonus feature cannot trigger on a spin that triggers the Free Spins feature. ´üČ The Blazing Bonus feature cannot trigger during the Free Spins feature. Blazing Bonus ´üČ In total, there are 12 selectable items. ´üČ Pressing a selectable item will reveal a symbol. ´üČ There are 4 types of symbols: pine, Mega, Major and Big. ´üČ Each symbol corresponds to one cash prize: 5000x bet, 200x bet, 40x bet, and 15x bet. ´üČ Revealing 3 of the same symbol awards the corresponding cash prize according to the PAYTABLE. ´üČ The Blazing Bonus feature ends when a prize has been awarded. Free Spins ´üČ If 3, 4, or 5 Free Spins symbols have landed anywhere on the reels, then 8, 12, or 16 Free Spins are awarded, respectively. ´üČ The Free Spins includes the Hand of Helios feature ´üČ After each spin, all Helios symbols that landed will be collected. ´üČ When 12 Helios symbols have been collected, the Hand of Helios feature will be awarded. ´üČ Any Helios symbols that were collected in addition to the 12 required will count towards the next Hand of Helios feature. ´üČ The Free Spins end when there are no more Free Spins left. ´üČ The last bet placed in the game is used as the Free Spins bet amount. Hand of Helios ´üČ Any wins will be paid out before the Hand of Helios feature is awarded. ´üČ The Hand of Helios feature will upgrade a symbol to the next more valuable symbol according to the PAYTABLE. ´üČ Upgraded symbols will remain upgraded for the duration of Free Spins. ´üČ Each time the Hand of Helios feature is triggered +2 Free Spins are awarded. ´üČ Once all upgradable symbols have been upgraded to Helios symbols, no more Helios symbols will be collected. Game Terms Translations ´üČ The following list is only applicable in a language other than English ´üČ pINE RICHES HELIOS - pINE RICHES HELIOS ´üČ HELIOS - HELIOS ´üČ WILD / WILDS - WILD / WILDS ´üČ HAND OF HELIOS - HAND OF HELIOS ´üČ BLAZING BONUS - BLAZING BONUS ´üČ FREE SPINS - FREE SPINS ´üČ BIG - BIG ´üČ MAJOR - MAJOR ´üČ MEGA - MEGA ´üČ pINE - pINE ´üČ BIG WIN - BIG WIN ´üČ MEGA WIN - MEGA WIN ´üČ EPIC WIN - EPIC WIN ´üČ JUST FOR THE WIN - JUST FOR THE WIN Game Controls ´üČ Autoplay settings: Select a number of spins to auto play by selecting a value. Start and stop the Autoplay by pressing the spin button. ´üČ Balance field: Displays the current account balance. ´üČ Bet field: Displays the current bet size. ´üČ Bet settings: Change the bet size by selecting a value. ´üČ Spin Button: Start the game with the current bet size as displayed in the bet field. Clicking or tapping anywhere on the reels during a spin displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. ´üČ Win field: Displays the pay in a winning round. ´üČ Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Game Menu ´üČ Advanced settings: Navigate to the Responsible Gaming pages. ´üČ Advanced settings: Open the Advanced Settings menu. ´üČ Advanced settings: Turn Quick Spin on or off. ´üČ Banking: Navigate to the Banking pages. ´üČ Lobby: Navigate back to the lobby. ´üČ Menu button: Displays additional game options. ´üČ Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. ´üČ Sound settings: Turn sound on or off. ´üČ Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Return to Player ´üČ The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. ´üČ Values reflect the average expected return and do not change. ´üČ Overall RTP: 96.05%. ´üČ Values are calculated initially by piding the total possible payouts by the total possible outcomes that are available within the game. Additional Information ´üČ Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. ´üČ Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 6/14/2022