Andvari: The Magic Ring About this Game This is a 5 reel 4 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the way cost of 20. Way Rules This game includes 1024 ways. A way is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other in this pattern. Way wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Payout Rules Way win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. Wins are multiplied by the total bet. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The total payout is the sum of all way wins resulting from a spin. If multiple winning combinations land on a single way, only the highest win is awarded. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. Magic Prizes There are 5 Magic Prizes available. Epic prize awards 5000x of your bet. Grand prize awards 1000x of your bet. Major prize awards 250x of your bet. Minor prize awards 100x of your bet. Mini prize awards 50x of your bet. Land a Magic Prize symbol during LockNWinᵀᴹ to trigger the corresponding prize. Bonus Symbols Bonus symbols award a Magic Prize and cash prizes. Cash prizes can have any value between 1x - 25x of your bet. LockNWinᵀᴹ Land 6+ bonus symbols to trigger LockNWinᵀᴹ. 3 respins are awarded. All symbols are removed except bonus symbols, which lock on the reels when they land. Every time a bonus symbol lands the respin count resets to 3. LockNWinᵀᴹ ends when the number of respins runs out or the reels are full of bonus symbols. LockNWinᵀᴹ Power Ups Multiplier upgrades and Magic Prizes upgrades are randomly awarded to power up the feature. LockNWinᵀᴹ Multiplier Upgrade The multiplier upgrade instantly multiplies all on-screen cash values by up to 10x their original value. LockNWinᵀᴹ Magic Prize Upgrade The Magic Prize upgrade increases the value of all Magic Prizes by 1 tier. Magic Wheel Fill the progress bar to trigger the Magic Wheel feature. Every bonus symbol that lands increases the Magic Wheel progress bar. Progress on the bar is saved per bet level. Spin the Magic Wheel for the chance to win a prize. The Magic Wheel can award a Magic Prize, an instant cash prize or Free Spins. Scatter Symbols Scatters appear on reels 1, 3 and 5. This symbol does not have a payout. Free Spins Wheel Land 3 scatters in the base game to trigger a spin of the Free Spins Wheel. Spin the Free Spins Wheel to win 10 - 30 Free Spins. Free Spins can be retriggered. 3 Scatter symbols on reels 1, 3 and 5 retrigger Free Spins. Free Spins play out automatically. All bets and ways played are the same as the spin that triggered the Free Spins. Gamble and Mystery Wheel The results of the Free Spins Wheel spin may be gambled to win a greater number of free spins. If the gamble is won, the result of the spin may be gambled again. Receive an instant cash prize if the gamble is lost. Cash prizes can have any value between 10x - 100x of your bet. Buy Feature Press 'Buy' to purchase feature at the price displayed. The result of the Free Spins Wheel spin may be gambled. The feature is played at the current bet. This feature is available in base game only. This feature may not be available above a certain bet threshold. Wild Symbols Wilds can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wilds can substitute for all symbols except Scatters and Bonus symbols. Autoplay This feature is available in base game only. Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Balance: Displays the current balances. Game Menu Settings button: Displays the game settings. Audio button: Toggles the game audio. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Translation of Game Terms The translated terms are only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. Andvari: The Magic Ring - Game name Big Win - Big Win Buy Feature - Buy Feature Epic - Epic (prize) Epic Win - Epic Win Free Spins - Free Spins Grand - Grand (prize) Magic Wheel - Magic Wheel Feature Major - Major (prize) Mega Win - Mega Win Mini - Mini (prize) Minor - Minor (prize) Win Up To - Win up to advertisement Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Values are calculated initially by dividing the total payouts by the total bets from a simulation of numerous game rounds. Values reflect the average expected return and do not change. RTP: 93.91%. RTP with Buy Magic Wheel: 94.03%. RTP with Buy Free Spins: 94.00%. Last modification date: 11/9/2023