Atlantis Rising About this Game ´üČ This is a 5 reel 4 row video slot game. ´üČ The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. ´üČ Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Bet Rules ´üČ Each spin played costs a total bet amount. ´üČ The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the payline cost of 10. ´üČ The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the paylines played. Payline Rules ´üČ This game includes 25 paylines. ´üČ The number of paylines played is fixed. ´üČ A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. ´üČ A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. ´üČ Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Payout Rules ´üČ Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. ´üČ The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. ´üČ If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. ´üČ Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. ´üČ The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. ´üČ The total payout is the sum of all payline wins resulting from a spin. Icons Descriptions Main Menu Return Decrement Increment Bet Quick Spin Mute / Unmute Responsible Gaming Player Protection Loyalty Game History Transaction History Banking Settings Paytable / Information Help Files Lobby Discard Additional Information ´üČ Some settings and features may not be available in this game. ´üČ Malfunction voids all pays and plays. ´üČ In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. ´üČ The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. ´üČ The results of the last game played are displayed. ´üČ If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Wild Symbols ´üČ Bubble symbols are Wild symbols. ´üČ There are regular Wilds symbols and 2x Wilds symbols. ´üČ Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Bonus symbols. ´üČ Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. ´üČ Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. ´üČ 2x Wild symbols on a payline multiply pays on that payline by 2. Rising Wilds ´üČ Rising Wilds can randomly be placed on the screen on any spin. ´üČ Rising Wilds remain on screen and move up by one position on each spin. ´üČ Rising Wilds can appear on any reel. ´üČ Rising Wilds on screen are saved per bet selection. Wild Blast ´üČ This feature triggers when a Compass symbol lands behind a Rising Wild. ´üČ A Compass symbol behind a Rising Wild turns all adjacent positions into Wilds. ´üČ A Compass symbol behind a 2x Rising Wild turns all adjacent positions into 2x Wilds. ´üČ New Wilds created from the Wild Blast feature do not remain for the next spin. Free Spins ´üČ 3, 4 or 5 Bonus symbols anywhere on the reels trigger this feature. ´üČ 10, 15 or 20 bubble picks are awarded respectively. ´üČ Bubbles can be selected until there are no picks remaining. ´üČ Bubbles can award Free Spins or additional picks. ´üČ Each bubble can reveal 1 - 5 Free Spins or 2 - 3 additional picks. ´üČ If the game connection is interrupted the game will refresh with all picks completed. ´üČ A game refresh does not affect the pick results. ´üČ Free Spins starts with the number of spins awarded during the bubble pick. ´üČ Free Spins play out automatically. ´üČ All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. ´üČ All lines played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. ´üČ Free Spins can be retriggered. Return to Player ´üČ The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. ´üČ This value is fixed and does not change. ´üČ This game has an RTP of 96.20% Last modification date: 5/11/2021