Galactic Invaders About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Way Rules This game includes 243 ways and can go up to the maximum number of 7776 ways. A way is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs across the reels. Way wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the ways played. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the way cost of 10. Payout Rules Wins are multiplied by the total bet. Way win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The total payout is the sum of all way wins and SwiftHits™ wins resulting from a spin. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. Wild Symbols Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Scatter and Alien symbols. The overall ways multiplier is reset to zero at the end of a game round. The Wild Multiplier can have the following values X2 X3 X5 X10 X15 X20 X25 X50 X75 X100 X250. Scatter Symbols Free Spins symbols are Scatter symbols. Scatter symbols do not have a payout. This symbol can appear in the base game and Free Spins. This symbol appears on reels 2, 3, and 4 only. Base Game When a Wild Symbol lands and results in a win, the assigned multiplier is added to the overall ways multiplier. The Wild Multiplier Symbol can only contribute once to the overall ways multiplier for each game round. Free Spins 3 Scatter symbols on reels 2, 3, and 4 trigger the Free Spins wheel. Free Spins play out automatically. 3 Scatter symbols on reels 2, 3, and 4 retrigger Free Spins. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Way wins are multiplied by the amount displayed in the overall ways multiplier. When a Wild Symbol lands and results in a win, the assigned multiplier is added to the overall ways multiplier. The Wild Multiplier Symbol can only contribute once to the overall ways multiplier for each game round. Wild symbols may land and award up to a X250 multiplier. The number displayed in the overall ways multiplier is added to each win until the free spins feature ends. The overall win displayed at the end of the free spins feature is not multiplied. During Free Spins, all SwiftHits™ symbol wins are not multiplied by the ways multiplier. Retriggering will grant additional free spins equal to the amount initially awarded and at the same multiplier level. The Free Spins wheel awards 8, 10, 12, 15 spins at an X2, X3, X5 or X8. The Free Spins wheel spins twice, the first spin awards the number of spins and the second spin awards a multiplier. Regular Alien SwiftHits™ Symbols Three or more Alien SwiftHits™ symbols appearing anywhere on the reels pay out. SwiftHits™ can appear on any reel. Respin Alien SwiftHits™ Symbols Three or more Alien SwiftHits™ symbols appearing anywhere on the reels pay out. Respin SwiftHits™ appearing anywhere on the reels gives one free Respin after all way wins are evaluated. Any SwiftHits™ appearing on the reels are held and any reels with the Respin SwiftHits™ are respun to land more SwiftHits™ symbols and re-evaluate the ways wins. Respin SwiftHits™ pays first, then respins, then pays again if applicable. When a respin lands, all ways wins are paid before the reel respins, once the respin is complete, ways wins are paid again if any along with the relevant SwiftHits™ are paid. Respin SwiftHits™ symbols are sticky. Split Alien SwiftHits™ Symbols Three or more Alien SwiftHits™ symbols appearing anywhere on the reels pay out. Split Alien SwiftHits™ symbols can increase the number of ways to win up to 7776. The selected reel it lands on continues to spin behind it until symbols land to change reel to 4,5 or 6. Split Alien SwiftHits™ symbols are removed from the reel set after one spin. Split Alien SwiftHits™ symbols can appear anywhere on the reels. Autoplay Settings Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. This feature is available in base game only. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. Big Win: Stops autoplay after winning a big win Autoplay is played at the current bet selected. Game Controls Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Spacebar: Holding down this keyboard button will start a quickspin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Spacebar: Pressing this keyboard button will start or stop a reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Balance: Displays the current balances. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Max Bet button: Increases the bet to the maximum available level. Win: Displays the most recent win. Exit button: Exits the game. Menu button: Opens the game menu. Info button: Opens the paytable menu. Bet controls: Increase or decrease the bet with the plus and minus symbols. Hold to Turbo Spin: Hold the spin button to enable Turbo Spin. Turbo Spin ends when the spin button is lifted. This does not influence the results of the spin. Game Menu Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Home button: Exits the game. Help button: Displays help and additional information. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Banking button: Displays the banking page. Close button: Closes the game menu. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Big win toggle: Toggles big win celebration display on or off. Splash page toggle: Toggles the splash page display on or off. Bet Settings Bet Amount: Sets the current bet value. Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Bet Value buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Min Bet button: Sets the current bet to the minimum value. Max Bet button: Sets the current bet to the maximum value. Game Terminology Galactic Invaders™ = Galactic Invaders™ SWIFTHITS™ = SWIFTHITS™ FREE SPINS = FREE SPINS WILD = WILD MAX BET = MAX BET Game Settings Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Quickspin: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Left-Handed Mode button: Enables left-handed mode. Music: Enables game music. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Splash page toggle: Toggles the splash page display on or off. Big Win: Enables big win animations Turbospin button: Enables Turbospin to resolve spins faster than Quick Spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Last modification date: 10/23/2024