Champions Of Olympus About this Game This is a 5 reel 5 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the number of coins multiplied by the coin size. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the bet multiplier played. This game includes a bet multiplier of 20. The bet multiplier played is fixed. Any Adjacent Pays Rules This game has no paylines. Any 3 or more matching adjacent symbols, horizontally or vertically, create a winning combination. Symbols can participate in multiple win combinations. Only the highest win is awarded per matching adjacent symbol combination. This feature is available in base game only. Rolling Reels™ Feature This feature triggers after any win. Winning symbols are removed from the reels and the symbols above move into the empty spaces. New symbols will roll in and if new winning combinations are formed, the feature triggers again. The feature continues until no winning combinations are present on the reels. This feature is available in base game only. Multiplier Trail Rules This game includes a Multiplier Trail. A win multiplier is awarded for every Wild symbol contained in winning combinations. The win multiplier value increases for consecutive wins containing Wild symbols. The win multiplier is applied to winning combinations as each win is revealed. The win multiplier does not increase with winning combinations without a Wild symbol. The win multiplier starts at 1 on each wagered Base Game spin. The Multiplier Trail resets when all rolls are complete. This feature is available in base game only. Payout Rules Winning combination payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The total payout is the sum of all winning combination wins resulting from a spin. The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. Disclaimer: The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Wild Symbols Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Zeus Lightning Wild symbols. Wild symbols can create their own winning combinations. These symbols appear in base game only. Zeus Lightning Wilds Zeus Lightning Wilds in winning combinations award up to 4 extra Wilds on the next roll. Extra Wilds can land on any other reel position. Extra Wilds landing on an existing Wild symbol will increase that Wild’s multiplier. Multiplied Zeus Lightning Wilds award multiplied Wilds. This feature is available in base game only. Power of Zeus Feature Power of Zeus feature can randomly trigger at the end of any wagered base game spin. 3 - 6 random low symbols transform into Wilds. Link&Win™ Any Zeus Lightning Wild symbol in a winning combination is collected. Collect 8 or more Zeus Lightning Wilds to trigger the Link&Win™ feature. Zeus Lightning Wild symbol collection is saved per bet. Link&Win™ Symbols The Link&Win™ feature awards multiplier values. The total winning value awarded is the total multiplier value won multiplied by the total bet. 3 random Link&Win™ symbols between 1x - 3x are initially awarded. The feature begins with 3 spins. All Link&Win™ symbols are held on the reels. Each position that is not held spins individually. All additional Link&Win™ symbols that land are held on the reels and spins are reset to 3. 25 Link&Win™ symbols award the maximum prize of 12500 times the bet. The feature ends when no spins remain or when the maximum prize is awarded. Can appear on any spin. Awards 5x. Adds 5x to 2 - 5 random Link&Win™ symbols. Collect 13 Link&Win™ symbols to unlock. Awards 1x - 4x. Adds double the value of a random Link&Win™ symbol to itself. Adds its value to a random Link&Win™ symbol. Collect 16 Link&Win™ symbols to unlock. Awards 2x - 4x. Adds its value to 2 - 4 random Link&Win™ symbols. Collect 19 Link&Win™ symbols to unlock. Awards 2x - 4x. Adds the value of 2 - 4 random Link&Win™ symbols to itself. Collect 22 Link&Win™ symbols to unlock. Awards 2x - 4x. Adds its value to all surrounding Link&Win™ symbols. Buy Feature The Buy feature is unlocked after triggering the Link&Win™ feature. Activating this feature will instantly trigger the Link&Win™ feature. The Buy feature costs 70 times the total bet amount. Select a bet amount and then confirm your selection by pressing the Buy Button. Press the X button to cancel the Buy Feature option. This feature is available in base game only. Game Controls Buy Feature button: Displays the option to purchase the Link&Win™ feature. Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Play button: Continues the game. Bet button: Opens the Bet dialog. Bet Up button: Increases the current bet up to the next highest available bet. Bet Down button: Decreases the current bet down to the next lowest available bet. Max Bet button: Sets the current bet to the maximum value. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay start button: Starts Autoplay session. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Game Menu button: Displays the game settings and game payout table. Help button: Displays help and additional information. Game Menu System Menu button: Displays additional system options. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Return button: Returns to the game. Bet Settings Coin Size: Sets the coin value. Number of Coins: Sets the number of coins. Autoplay The Autoplay start button starts the Autoplay session based on your selected options. Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. If any condition is met to stop the session, all AutoPlay settings return to default. If you are disconnected, AutoPlay will stop. All AutoPlay settings return to default when the game is reloaded. Game Settings Intro Screen button: Toggle to turn the game Intro Screen on or off. Mute All Sounds button: Toggle to mute all game sounds. Background Music button: Toggle to turn background music on or off. Sound Effects button: Toggle to turn game sound effects on or off. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. The Return to Player is defined at different stages or modes of the game. Values are calculated initially by dividing the total possible payouts by the total possible outcomes that are available within the game. Values reflect the average expected return and do not change. RTP: 94.06%. Buy Feature: 95.10% Last modification date: 10/3/2023