Book of Inti About Book of Inti Book of Inti is a five-reel, fixed 10 payline slot machine including: ´üČ Regular symbols ´üČ Wild symbol ´üČ Free Spins feature ´üČ Book of Inti wheel ´üČ Special Expanding symbols Game Rules General ´üČ Press Total Bet or use the arrows at the side of the box to increase or decrease the bet per spin. ´üČ The total bet is shown at all times and this is what will be debited from your balance for each spin. This game does not use Coins. ´üČ Payout table displays the winnings that are won for each combination. ´üČ Only one regular winning combination is paid out per payline and you are paid out the value of the highest win. ´üČ If you have a winning combination, the win is highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. ´üČ During autoplay, you can click on the 2 triangles on the Spin button to skip any animations on that spin. ´üČ Malfunction Voids all Pays and Plays. Regular symbols ´üČ Matching symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. ´üČ Winning combinations pay from left to right and amounts are accordingly calculated as a multiplier of the bet per line. Wild symbol ´üČ This symbol substitutes for other symbols to complete wins. ´üČ Three or more wild symbols trigger free spins. ´üČ In free spins the expanding symbols cannot be substituted by wild symbols. ´üČ Landing three or more Wild symbols at any position will pay out a multiplier of your total bet. This win will be added to any line wins ´üČ The multipliers of total bet are: x2 for 3 Wilds, x20 for 4 Wilds and x200 for 5 Wilds. Free Spins Features ´üČ 8 Free Spins are awarded with a chance to re-trigger. ´üČ Free Spins can be retriggered the same way as the initial set was triggered. ´üČ Before the free spins start, the player is presented with the Book of Inti wheel. ´üČ The outer wheel will determine the special expanding symbol for free spins. ´üČ The middle wheel will award additional free spins. ´üČ The inner wheel will remove a symbol from the reels for the duration of free spins ´üČ Land on a golden segment to progress to the next wheel. ´üČ If free spins are re-triggered, another spin of the wheel is awarded. ´üČ If all symbols have been removed from the wheel only 8 extra free spins are awarded. ´üČ The expanding symbols are highlighted golden during the free spins. ´üČ Each special expanding symbol activated will expand to cover the reel, covering all 10 paylines. ´üČ The special symbol will expand only when additional prizes can be awarded along active paylines for winning combinations ´üČ Expanded symbols do not need to appear adjacent to each other to result in a winning combination. ´üČ Multiple symbols can become stacked or be removed from the free spins. ´üČ The last bet you placed in the game is used as the free spins bet amount. ´üČ Winnings are automatically collected during this feature. Game Settings You can change your game play and sound settings. 1. Click Settings. 2. Choose the required settings. 3. Close the window to return to game. Available settings: Sound effects Adjust the volume of in-game sound effects or turn them off completely. Music Adjust the volume of in-game music or turn it off completely. Turbo Adjust the speed of the reels. This does not change the result of the spins. Some settings (Turbo) may not be available based on game and/or country. Autoplay Autoplay enables you to automatically play a set number of consecutive games without interacting with the game. ´üČ Autoplay plays with the last bet value you selected, so you must select a bet amount before starting Autoplay. ´üČ The number of spins remaining in your Autoplay session is displayed in the game. ´üČ During autoplay, you can click on the 2 triangles on the Spin button to skip any animations on that spin. ´üČ Autoplay stops automatically if any feature is triggered, selected number of spins is played out or the balance is less than the total bet per spin. Please see breakdown of autoplay options below: Autoplay Options Number of spins Set the number of spins you want to play. Loss limit Set a limit on the maximum amount to lose to stop Autoplay. Single win limit Set the limit on the maximum amount you want to win in a single spin to stop Autoplay. ´üČ Some autoplay settings may not be available based on game and/or country. Start Autoplay 1. Select the bet amount you wish to play and click on Autoplay button. 2. Select your Autoplay options ÔÇô number of spins, loss limit and single win limit. 3. Click Spin to start Autoplay. 4. Click Stop to end Autoplay. Clicking this button does not influence the results of the spin. Game Controls Item Description Total Bet Displays your current bet per spin. Click the arrows (up or down) to change the bet amount or click on the amount to select the bet manually. Balance box Displays your balance. Win box Displays your win after a winning spin and winning lines. Last Win box Displays your last win. Spin button Starts the game. Stop button Displays the result of your spin quicker. This does not influence the result of the spin. Autoplay button Opens the Autoplay menu allowing to set up your settings and use Auto Spins feature. Settings button Allows to adjust in-game settings (audio volume, sound effects, music, turbo spins). Menu button Opens Game information about paylines, payouts, special features and game rules. Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed, and does not change. This game has an RTP of 96.06%. Last modification date: 5/11/2021