Deco Diamonds Elite About this game A 5 reel, 3 row video slot. This game has 9 lines. It features Deco Diamonds Elite, Respin and Elite Reel symbols. General The win on a line is paid if the same symbol appears in consecutive positions on adjacent reels, from the leftmost position to the rightmost position according to the PAYTABLE. Only the highest win per line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different lines are added together. Deco Diamonds Elite Symbols Deco Diamonds Elite symbols are Wilds. Deco Diamonds Elite symbols substitute for all symbols. Deco Diamonds Elite symbols can create their own winning combination when they appear in a payline combination. Deco Diamonds Elite symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a line according to the PAYTABLE. When a Deco Diamonds Elite symbol lands, a random multiplier is assigned to the top of that reel. This multiplier is only active for the Elite Reel feature. Respin Function In the base game, landing 2, 3 or 4 Deco Diamonds Elite symbols awards a Respin. During the Respin feature, all reels with a Deco Diamonds Elite symbol will remain static, while all other reels will spin and stop. One or more additional Deco Diamonds Elite symbols during the Respin feature will award an additional Respin symbol. When no additional Deco Diamonds Elite symbols appear or all reels contain Deco Diamonds Elite symbols, the game round ends or the Elite Reel feature is awarded. Elite Reel Feature Elite Reel is a horizontal reel at the top of the game reel area. Landing 3, 4 or 5 Deco Diamonds Elite symbols awards the Elite Reel feature. Only reels with Deco Diamonds Elite symbols participate in the Elite Reel feature. The Elite Reel feature is awarded at the end of the game round. Elite Reel will spin and when it stops on each of the five reels, it will reveal either a cash prize or a Respin symbol. The cash prizes available are: x1, x2, x3, x4, x5, x8, x10, x18, x38 and x100. Each reel with a Deco Diamonds Elite symbol has a multiplier attached to it. Multipliers can be x1, x2, x3, x5, x8, x10, x20, x50 or x100. Each reel with a Deco Diamonds Elite symbol will have its respective cash prize multiplied by its multiplier. All multiplied prizes will be awarded to the player. If a Respin symbol lands on a reel containing a Deco Diamonds Elite symbol, an additional Elite Reel respin will be awarded. Diamond Menu In the Diamond menu, guaranteed Deco Diamonds Elite symbols can be acquired with a multiple of the current bet: 2 Deco Diamonds Elite symbols for 10 times the current bet. 3 Deco Diamonds Elite symbols for 40 times the current bet. 4 Deco Diamonds Elite symbols for 100 times the current bet. 5 Deco Diamonds Elite symbols for 200 times the current bet. Using any of the Diamond Menu options will trigger a base game respin that is guaranteed to land the number of Deco Diamonds Elite symbols selected. This menu or some of the options may not be available in the game you are playing. The options in this menu can only be used at times when a bet change can be made. Translations of game terms The following list only applies to languages other than English. RESPIN - EXTRA SPIN ELITE REEL - ELITE DRUM WILD/WILDS - WILD CARD/WILD CARDS DECO DIAMONDS ELITE - ELITE DECORATIVE DIAMONDS DIAMOND: DIAMOND WIN OVER - WIN MORE THAN AWARDS RESPIN - GIVES AN EXTRA SPIN TRIGGERS ELITE REEL - ACTIVATE THE ELITE REEL BIG WIN - BIG WINS MEGA WIN - MEGAWINS EPIC WIN - EPIC WIN JUST FOR THE WIN - SOLO PARA VIRNAR Game Controls Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Spin button – allows you to start the game with the current bet size displayed in the betting field. Selecting any position on the reels or the Spin button during a spin will display the results of the spin more quickly. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button – allows you to choose the number of spins for autoplay by selecting a value. Start and stop autoplay by pressing the Spin button. Bet button: Displays options for changing the current bet. Balance field: Displays the current balance of the account. Bet field: Displays the current bet size. Total and Win Field – Displays the payout for the winning round. Game menu Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Sound button: Turn the sound on or off. Autoplay button – allows you to choose the number of spins for autoplay by selecting a value. Start and stop autoplay by pressing the Spin button. Bet button: Displays options for changing the current bet. Paytable button – Displays the paytables and rules of the game. Banking button: access the banking pages. Lobby button: Return to the lobby. Free games A free game offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The betting settings are defined by the game operators and cannot be modified. Winnings are added to your bonus balance or cash balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or rejected. Select play now to start playing a free spins offer. Only one free spins offer can be played at a time. Select play later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will become available again when you log back into the game. Select the trash can icon to discard free games. To re-apply a discarded offer, you must contact the game managers and provide the reference number. When an offer has been completed, discarded, or expired, the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiration date and time, if it is not played before then it will no longer be available. Select the information icon to view bet information and expiry date and time. Additional information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunctions void all games and all payouts. Any changes made to the rules of the game will be carried out in accordance with the requirements of current regulations. If you disconnect, the final state of the game will be displayed upon returning. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before the disconnection, the results of the previous game played will be displayed. Ongoing functions that require interaction or selection can be continued. Return to player Return to Player (RTP) is the statistical and theoretical percentage of the total money wagered on a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Initially, the values are calculated by asking for the total payouts between total bets from a simulation of numerous rounds of play. The values reflect the maximum expected return and do not change. Last modification date: 6/18/2025