Sugar Craze Rising Rewards About this Game This is a 5 reel slot game. All 720 pay ways are permanently enabled. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form winning combinations. General bet and payout rules The bet size is the total number of credits bet per spin. The total number of credits bet per spin is your credits bet multiplied by the bet multiplier. Only the total number of credits bet per spin is displayed in the game. A bet multiplier of 10 applies per spin. For example, 0.10 credits x 10 bet multiplier = 1.00 total credits bet per spin. All paytables display the payout for each symbol combination based on your current bet. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. If multiple winning combinations land on a single way, only the highest win is awarded. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. If you have a winning combination, the win is highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. Regular symbols Regular symbols are all symbols on the reels that do not have a bonus feature but complete regular winning combinations on enabled pay ways. Matching regular symbols must be next to each other on an enabled pay way. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right and right-to-left, starting from the first or fifth slot reel. Regular payouts depend on your bet per spin. Wild Symbols This symbol substitutes for other symbols to complete wins. This symbol appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. This symbol does not substitute for the scatter or Jackpot Trigger symbols. This symbol does not create its own winning combination. Scatter Symbols Scatters can create their own winning combination when landing anywhere on the reels. 1 or more scatters on every reel pays 1x your bet. These symbols appears in the base game and Free Spins. Scatters may appear stacked in the base game. Rising Rewards™ Jackpot Feature The Jackpot Wheel awards 1 of 5 guaranteed jackpots when triggered. Each segment of the wheel is associated with a different jackpot. Each reel in the game is also associated with one of the jackpots, and the current jackpot amount is displayed above each reel. Jackpot values increase by 0.5x your bet for each Jackpot Trigger token that lands on the associated reel. Every Jackpot Trigger token collected has a chance of triggering the Jackpot Wheel on that spin. Once a jackpot is awarded, that specific jackpot resets to its starting value. Jackpot values scale with bet changes. The probability of triggering the Jackpot Wheel can change as the jackpot values change. This feature cannot trigger at the same time as Free Spins. This feature can be triggered in the base game and free spins. The Paytable displays the starting value of each jackpot. Free Spins 1 or more scatter symbols on every reel triggers this feature. On the spin that triggered this feature, every scatter symbol that landed awards either 1 additional free spin or increases the Free Spins Multiplier by 1x. A minimum of 2 scatter symbols will award free spins. 4 free spins are added to what you are awarded. This feature can be retriggered. The number of additional free spins awarded when retriggered is equal to the number that started the feature. The feature retrigger awards 1x your total bet multiplied by the Free Spins Multiplier. It is not possible to retrigger Free Spins or trigger the Jackpot Wheel on the last spin of Free Spins. The last bet you placed in the game is used as the free spins bet amount. Winnings are automatically collected during this feature. Rising Rewards™ Free Spins Multiplier The Free Spins Multiplier value is displayed in the Free Spins Multiplier meter. The value can increase in the base game and when entering Free Spins. The value increases by 0.5x when scatter symbols land on exactly 4 reels in the base game. The maximum value accumulated during the base game is 10x. The maximum value when entering Free Spins is 15x. The Free Spins Multiplier applies to way wins and retrigger pays during Free Spins. The value does not increase during free spins. The Free Spins Multiplier resets to 1x when free spins are complete. The Free Spins Multiplier can increase by an additional 0.5x to 3x on return to the base game. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Autoplay plays with the total bet you place. Select a bet amount before starting Autoplay. Autoplay can be stopped at any time. This does not influence the results of the spin. Triggering any feature will stop Autoplay. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Some of these options may not be available in the game you are playing. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Change my bet amount Options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. Bet button: Displays your bet amount and your bet options. Quick bet: Displays a range of quick betting options to select your total bet amount. Max Bet: Places the maximum bet permitted. Game Controls Credits: Displays the current balances. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Bet controls: Increase or decrease the bet with the plus and minus symbols. Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Win: Displays the most recent win. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Sounds button: Enables or disables the game sounds. Menu button: Displays the game settings and game paytable. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Last modification date: 6/11/2025