Immortal Romance About Immortal Romance™ Immortal Romance™ is a five reel, 243 ways and 300 coin slot machine, including: Regular symbols Wild, Multiplier Symbol Scatter symbol Wild Desire bonus game Chamber of Spins bonus game Paytable Achievements feature General All 243 pay ways are permanently enabled. The bet size is the total number of credits bet per spin. A bet multiplier of 30 applies per spin. For example, 0.10 credits x 30 bet multiplier = 3 total credits bet per spin. All paytables display the number of credits that are won for each combination. Only one regular winning combination is paid out per pay way and you are paid out the value of the highest win. Only one scatter winning combination is paid out per spin and you are paid out the value of the highest win. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. If you have a winning combination, the win is highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. Regular symbols Matching symbols must be next to each other on an enabled pay way. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, starting from the first slot reel. Regular payouts depend on the total bet per spin. Wild, multiplier symbol This symbol doubles the payout of any combination it completes as a wild symbol. This symbol does not substitute for the scatter symbol. This symbol creates its own winning combination. These wins are not multiplied. This symbol does not appear during the Wild Desire bonus game. Scatter symbol This symbol does not need to appear on an enabled pay way to win. This symbol cannot be substituted by the wild, multiplier symbol. This symbol does not appear during the Wild Desire bonus game. Scatter payouts depend on your total bet. Wild Desire bonus This bonus game is randomly activated. Up to five reels are transformed into wild reels. The wild symbol does not appear during this bonus game. The scatter symbol does not appear during this bonus game. Chamber of Spins bonus You can play one of four bonus games. After five sequential activations a bonus game is unlocked. Each bonus game awards free spins with an additional bonus feature. All the bets and pay ways played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. Winnings are automatically collected at the end of the bonus game. Amber bonus All wins are multiplied by 5 during the free spins. Free spins can be re-activated. Additional free spins are added to your remaining free spins. Troy bonus Any win activates the Vampire Bats feature, except for scatter symbol combination wins. Random symbols are transformed into a wild, multiplier symbol. Multiplies the payout by up to 6 when symbols complete a win. Free spins cannot be re-activated. Sarah bonus If two, three, four or five scatter symbols appear in a free spin, you win one, two, three or four extra free spins respectively. These are added to your remaining free spins count. Free spins can be re-activated. Additional free spins are added to your remaining free spins. One symbol displayed on reel 3, transforms up to fifteen symbols into wild symbols. This symbol pays the same value as the wild, multiplier symbol combinations as displayed on the paytable. The 2x multiplier value does not apply. Michael bonus Any win activates the Rolling Reels™ feature, except for scatter symbol combination wins. Winning symbol combinations are removed from the reels after you are Paid out. The symbols above the removed symbols shift position to fill the empty spaces. This process repeats itself, increasing your chances of winning without betting on another spin. If you have a win from the shifting symbols, you are paid out again with an increasing multiplier value. This continues until you do not have a win. The multiplier value increases by 1. The maximum multiplier value is 5. The multiplier value resets to 1 if the shifting symbols do not complete a win. Free spins cannot be re-activated. Paytable Achievements This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Tracks your win status by highlighting symbol combinations you have won. When you win all combinations for the same symbol it is highlighted. Achievements are permanently highlighted on the payout table, even after you exit the game. Regular game wins are logged as achievements. Regular wins created in the Wild Desire bonus are logged as achievements. Wild, multiplier symbol substitute wins are not logged as achievements. Free spins wins are not logged as achievements. AutoPlay AutoPlay enables you to automatically play a set number of consecutive games without interacting with the game. AutoPlay plays with the last bet value you selected, so you must select a bet amount before starting AutoPlay. Each game has different options and AutoPlay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. The number of spins remaining in your AutoPlay session is displayed in the game. In some games AutoPlay is available in Expert mode only. To start AutoPlay: If the game has Expert mode, select Expert . Select a bet amount. Select and hold Spin or select AutoPlay . In some games this starts the session and it continues until you select Stop . Select your AutoPlay options. Select Start AutoPlay , Start , Play or Spin . Select Stop to end AutoPlay. Selecting this button does not influence the results of the spin. AutoPlay Options AutoPlay options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. Number of spins Set the number of spins you want to play. Number of seconds between spins Set the delay between AutoPlay spins. Bet settings Set the bet amount you want to play. Until stop Set the session to play until you select to stop. This does not influence the results of the spin. Stop if a win exceeds or equals Stop the session if the win exceeds or equals the amount selected. Win Limit or If win at least Stop the session if the win exceeds or equals the amount selected. Loss Limit or If amount drops by Stop the session if your balance decreases and drops below or equals the amount selected. Stop once all spins are complete Stop after playing the number of spins selected. Stop when jackpot is won Stop spins if the Jackpot is won. Stop on any win Stop the session if you win on a spin. Stop if credits increase by Stop the session if your balance increases and exceeds or equals the amount selected. Stop if credits decrease by Stop the session if your balance decreases and drops below or equals the amount selected. Stop on a feature Stops if Free Spins or another bonus feature is activated. Start AutoPlay without showing this dialog Start future sessions without viewing the AutoPlay settings, using your saved settings or the default settings. Change my bet amount The Bet button displays your bet options. Bet options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. Bet Options (+) or (-) Selects the total amount you want to bet. Coin Size Selects the coin size you want to bet. Coins Per Line Selects the number of coins you want to bet per payline. Coins or Coins Bet Selects the number of coins you want to bet. Lines Selects the number of paylines you want to play. Quick Bet Displays a range of quick betting options to select your total bet amount. Max Bet or Max Places the maximum bet permitted. Depending on your game, this can convert the coin size and the number of coins to the maximum bet permitted. Game Controls Item Description Balance box Displays your casino balances. Bet box Displays your total bet amount per spin. Win box Displays your most recent wins. Bet button Displays your bet options. Depending on your game some of these bet options may not apply. Spin button Starts the game. Stop button Displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. AutoPlay button Displays the AutoPlay options where you can select to spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game. AutoPlay Stop button Displays the number of spins remaining and can stop the session. This does not influence the results of the spin. Quick spin button Quick spin increases the reel spin speed to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Menu button Displays the game settings and game payout table. X button Closes the game. Each game has different options and AutoPlay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. Return to Player (RTP) The theoretical return to player (RTP) is 96.86%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 10/15/2020