Agent Blitz: Mission Moneymaker About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Payline Rules This game includes 40 paylines. The number of paylines played is fixed. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the payline cost of 20. Payout Rules Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The win over value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. Wild Symbols Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Scatters, Badge, Retrigger and Chip symbols. Scatter Symbols Scatters appear on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. This symbol appears in base game only. Scatters can create their own winning combination when landing anywhere on the reels. Epic Strike™ Feature Badge symbols can create their own winning combination when landing anywhere on the reels. 3 or more Badge symbols award a cash prize. Badge symbol wins are added to the payline wins. Epic Strike™ feature is available in the base game and Mission Sticky Wilds Free Spins. Free Spins Selection 3 Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels trigger this feature. 2 Free Spins features are available for selection. After selection, one of the following Free Spins options is picked randomly. Mission Sticky Wilds - 6 Free Spins with sticky Wild symbols. Mission Moneymaker - 3 Free Spins with Moneymaker feature. All lines played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Free Spins with Mission Sticky Wilds When a Wild symbol lands, its positions is marked as Wild until the end of Free Spins session. Each Retrigger symbol that lands, awards 1 additional Free Spin. Retrigger symbol appears only on reels 2, 3 and 4. Retrigger symbol does not have individual payout. Retrigger symbol appears only during Mission Sticky Wilds Free Spins. Free Spins with Mission Moneymaker Upon entry, the starting level has a prize of 1x current bet. The feature starts with 3 Free Spins. Besides starting level, there are 8 levels to reach. Completing a level awards a cash prize. To complete a level, certain amount of Chips must be collected. Level 1: 5 Chips must be collected to win 5x current bet. Level 2: 10 Chips more must be collected to increase the win to 15x current bet. Level 3: 15 Chips more must be collected to increase the win to 40x current bet. Level 4: 20 Chips more must be collected to increase the win to 100x current bet. Level 5: 25 Chips more must be collected to increase the win to 500x current bet. Level 6: 30 Chips more must be collected to increase the win to 1000x current bet. Level 7: 35 Chips more must be collected to increase the win to 5000x current bet. Level 8: 40 Chips more must be collected to increase the win to 10000x current bet. After every 5 Chips collected, a Booster Point is reached (except in level 1). At a Booster Point, one of the following awards will be given: up to 10 Chips, up to 3 extra spins or Safe Zone. In Safe Zone, the current prize will be increased to a level between the current prize and the next level prize. When the last Booster Point of the level is reached, the win is increased accordingly to the level that has been achieved. When the last Booster Point of the level is reached, other prizes (additional Chips, spins or Safe Zone) are not available. When a level is completed, the amount of collected Chips is set to 0 and spins are set to 3. The feature continues until all spins are played or all levels are completed. If the highest level is not completed, the award is the prize of the achieved level or of the latest Safe Zone. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Autoplay Settings Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. Bet Settings Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Bet Amount: Sets the current bet value. Game Controls Balance: Displays the current balances. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Pressing the Spin button during the current spin stops the reels quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Continue button: Advances to the next screen. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Pressing the Spin button during AutoPlay ends the current Autoplay session. Home button: Exits the game. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Values are calculated initially by dividing the total payouts by the total bets from a simulation of numerous game rounds. Values reflect the maximum expected return and do not change Last modification date: 4/18/2023