Valhalla Gold About Valhalla GoldÔäó Valhalla GoldÔäó is a 5x3 reels, 25 fixed paylines slot game. ´üČ Return to Player (RTP) ´üČ General ´üČ Bonus symbol ´üČ Wild symbol ´üČ Mystery Feature ´üČ ReelCopyFeature ´üČ Free Spin Bonus Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed and does not change. This game has an RTP of 96.03%. General ´üČ Game has fixed 25 lines. ´üČ If you have a winning combination lined up on the payline, the win is highlighted on the reels. ´üČ All wins pay left to right. ´üČ Regular wins are created when the same symbols appear next to each other on a payline, with one of the symbols displayed on the first slot reel. ´üČ One regular win is paid per line. If you have more than one combination on a payline, you are paid the win that has the highest value. ´üČ Regular wins depend on your bet per line. Bet per line = (Total bet / Number of paylines). ´üČ Regular wins in paytable are displayed in credits, so if your total bet is 0.25 credits per spin, your bet per line = total bet / number of paylines i.e. 0.25 credits / 25 paylines = 0.01 credits. Your total payout is calculated as { (bet per line * credits won on minimum bet) * 100 }. For example a 5 of a kind win of Ace symbol which is 0.40 credits, the total payout amount will come as { (0.01 bet per line * 0.40 credits won on minimum bet) * 100 } = 0.40 credits. ´üČ For providing more information to the player in calculating the payouts, this game has a dynamic paytable. The payouts displayed in the paytable for all the symbol combinations are the final amounts in credits which is already multiplied by active bet per line and paid to the player. ´üČ You are paid out the win amount displayed in the Win box. ´üČ If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. Bonus symbol ´üČ 5, 4 or 3 Bonus symbol on any payline award 8, 6 or 5 Free Spins respectively. ´üČ If Multiple paylines contain winning combinations of Bonus symbols, then all awarded Free Spins are added together. ´üČ Player can win up to 200 Free Spins. Wild symbol ´üČ Wild symbols appear on all reels. ´üČ Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except Bonus symbol. Example: Game A has the following criteria: ´üČ Wild substitutes for all symbols except Bonus to complete winning combinations. ´üČ Winning combinations pay out from left to right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. ´üČ A symbol combination starting from second, third, fourth or fifth reel does not pay out. Only highest winning combination is paid out per payline. ´üČ If there is more than one possible winning combination on a payline, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. ´üČ If your total bet is 0.25 credits per spin, your bet per line = total bet / number of paylines i.e. 0.25 credits / 25 paylines = 0.01 credits. Your total payout is calculated as { (bet per line * credits won on minimum bet) * 100 }. ´üČ You spin the reels. ´üČ Three Regular Ace symbols are displayed on reels 2, 3 & 4, Wild symbol appears on reel 1 & 5. ´üČ This completes 5 Regular Ace symbols win which pays out 0.40 credits on minimum bet. ´üČ So, your total payout amount will come as { (0.01 bet per line * 0.40 credits won on minimum bet) * 100 } = 0.40 credits. Mystery Feature ´üČ Each reel contains a stack of mystery positions which are replaced by a game symbol during each reel spin. ´üČ Base game: All symbols including Wild and Bonus symbol can be Mystery stacked. ´üČ Free spins: All symbols including wild can be mystery stacked except bonus symbol. Reel Copy Feature ´üČ On any spin, If Reel 1 contains a full stack of the same symbol, the same full stack from reel 1 can be copied to 1, 2, 3 or all 4 remaining reels and Game expands to 5x6 with 50 paylines. ´üČ All wins are evaluated after the reel copy feature is completed. ´üČ Game does not expand to 5x6 in case of a full stack of Bonus symbol or a non-winning situation. ´üČ All wins are evaluated on the same bet as those started the feature. Free Spin Bonus ´üČ 5, 4 or 3 Bonus symbol on any payline award 8, 6 or 5 Free Spins respectively. ´üČ If Multiple paylines contain winning combinations of Bonus symbols, then all awarded Free Spins are added together. ´üČ Player can win up to 200 Free Spins. ´üČ If the number of Free Spins awarded are 25 or more, the player is offered 4 options to choose from: I) Regular Free Spins: ´ü« Player can play the same number of awarded Free Spins. II) Easy Feature Free Spins: ´ü« Player can play 1/2 of awarded regular free spins as easy feature free spins. ´ü« During these free spins, reel copy feature with expansion occurs with a higher frequency. ´ü« Player is offered highest possible whole number of easy feature free spins. Any remaining spins are played as Regular free spins. III) Super Free Spins: ´ü« Player can play 1/3rd number of awarded regular free spins as Super Free Spins. ´ü« During Super free spins, all pays are tripled. ´ü« Player is offered highest possible whole number of Super free spins. Any remaining spins are played as Regular free spins. IV) Mega Free Spins: ´ü« Player can play 1/5th number of awarded regular free spins as Mega Free Spins. ´ü« During Mega free spins, all wins are multiplied by 5. ´ü« Player is offered highest possible whole number of Mega free spins. Any remaining spins are played as Regular free spins. ´üČ Once a player chooses an option, it can not be changed during the entire bonus round. ´üČ If player is awarded any Regular free spins, they are always played first. ´üČ Free Spin Bonus cannot be re-triggered. ´üČ All bets and lines played are the same as those started the Free Spins. Example: ´üČ You spin the reels. ´üČ A full stack of Bonus symbols appear on reel 1 which triggers Reel Copy Feature. ´üČ Reel 1 copies to reel 2 & 3. ´üČ 3 Bonus symbols award 5 free spins and all 25 paylines contain winning combination of 3 Bonus symbols. ´üČ Free spins are added together. Player is awarded 5 X 25 = 125 free spins. ´üČ This completes 3 Bonus symbols win which pay out 0.05 credits on minimum bet. So, Total Bonus symbol win would be 0.05 credits * 25 paylines = 1.25 credits. ´üČ Player is asked to pick one of the Free Spin Bonus. ´üČ Player chooses Super Free Spins, player is awarded 41 Free Spins as Super Free Spins and 1 Regular free spin. ´üČ On first free spin which as Regular free spin, 3 Queen symbols appear on reels 1, 2 and 3 of payline 1. ´üČ This completes 3 Queen symbols win which pay out 0.05 credits on minimum bet. ´üČ On second free spin as Mega free spin, 4 King symbols appear on reels 1, 2, 3 and 4 of payline 1. ´üČ This completes 4 King symbols win which pay out 0.15 credits on minimum bet with 5x multiplier. So, Total King symbol win would be 0.15 credits * 5 = 0.75 credits ´üČ You do not have any winning combination in further free spins, so your total Free Spins win would be 0.05 credits + 0.75 credits = 0.80 credits. ´üČ As the Bonus symbol wins are added to free spins win, so your total payout is 1.25 credits + 0.80 credit = 2.05 in credits. Last modification date: 5/24/2021