Book of Captain Silver About this Game l This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. l Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. l The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Payline Rules l This game includes 10 paylines. l The number of paylines played is fixed. l A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. l A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. l Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Bet Rules l Each spin played costs a total bet amount. l The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the number of paylines played. Payout Rules l Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. l The total payout is the sum of all payline wins and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. l Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. l The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. l The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. l If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. Wild Scatter l The Book Symbol acts as a Wild and a Scatter. l Wilds can substitute for all symbols to complete a winning combination. l Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. l Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Expanding symbols. l Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. l Scatters can create their own winning combination when landing anywhere on the reels. Captain's Wheel Bonus l This feature can randomly trigger on any spin where at least one Wild Scatter has landed. l The graphical Wild Scatters collection in the game is purely for visual entertainment and as such does not influence awarding a jackpot. l This feature consists of a wheel divided into coloured segments. l Each segment is associated with a different jackpot. l The spinning of the wheel must be started by the player. l Depending on where the wheel stops, the respective jackpot is won. l 4 jackpot prizes are available. l The Mega Jackpot awards a 10000x total bet. l The Major Jackpot awards a 500x total bet. l The Minor Jackpot awards a 50x total bet. l The Mini Jackpot awards a 15x total bet. l If this feature and Free Spins trigger simultaneously, this feature plays out first. l Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Expanding Symbol l This feature is available in Free Spins only. l A random symbol will become the Expanding Symbol for the duration of Free Spins, except the Wild Scatter symbol. l This symbol does not need to appear on adjacent reels to complete a winning combination. l This symbol does not need to appear on the first slot reel to complete a winning combination. l This symbol will only expand if it completes a winning combination. l Expanding Symbol wins are added to regular wins. Free Spins l 3, 4 or 5 Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels trigger 10 Free Spins. l Free Spins play out automatically. l All lines played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. l All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. l 3, 4 or 5 Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels retrigger 10 Free Spins. l Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Bet Settings l Bet Amount: Sets the current bet value. l Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Game Controls l Balance: Displays the current balances. l Bet: Displays the current total bet. l Win: Displays the most recent win. l Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. l Menu button: Displays a menu of general system and game options. l Spin button: Starts a reel spin. l Pressing the Spin button during the current spin stops the reels quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. l Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. l Pressing the Spin button during AutoPlay ends the current Autoplay session. l Home button: Exits the game. Additional Information l Some settings and features may not be available in this game. l Malfunction voids all pays and plays. l In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. l The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. l The results of the last game played are displayed. l If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. l Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. l Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. Return to Player l The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. l This value is fixed and does not change. l This game has an RTP of 96.40%.