Wild Scarabs About Wild Scarabs Wild Scarabs is a five reel, 243 ways and 300 coin slot machine, including: Regular symbols Wild symbol Scatter symbol Wild Deal™ feature Free Spins bonus game Paytable Achievements feature Game Rules General All 243 pay ways are permanently enabled. Your bet is dependent on the number of coins and coin size played. A bet multiplier of 20 applies per spin. For example, 5 coins bet per spin x 20 bet multiplier = 100 total coins bet. To convert your bet amount in coins to credits, multiply the total number of coins bet by the coin size bet. For example, 200 total coins bet x 0.01 coin size = 2 total credits bet. All paytables display the number of credits that are won for each combination. Multiple regular winning combinations are paid per pay way. If there is more than one regular winning combination for different symbols on a pay way, you are paid out for each combination. If there is more than one regular winning combination for the same symbol on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest win. Only one scatter winning combination is paid out per spin and you are paid out the value of the highest win. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. If you have a winning combination, the win is highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Regular symbols Matching symbols must be next to each other on an enabled pay way. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, starting from the first slot reel. Regular payouts depend on the number of coins and coin size you bet per spin. Wild symbol This symbol does not substitute for the scatter symbol. This symbol also creates its own combination. Scatter symbol This symbol does not need to appear on an enabled pay way to win. This symbol cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. This symbol does not appear during the free spins. Scatter payouts depend on your total bet. Wild Deal feature Extra wild symbols are randomly scattered onto the reels to create a winning combination. Not all the extra wild symbols scattered onto the reels will contribute to a win. This feature is not available during the free spins. Free Spins bonus game The Stashed Wilds feature is available during the free spins. All non-winning wild symbols are stashed. When three or more wild symbols are stashed, they are randomly scattered on the reels to create a winning combination. Free spins continue until all stashed wild symbols are awarded. Free spins cannot be re-activated. The last bet you placed in the game is used as the free spins bet amount. Winnings are automatically collected during the free spins. Paytable Achievements feature Tracks your win status by highlighting symbol combinations you have won. When you win all combinations for the same symbol it is highlighted. Achievements are permanently highlighted on the payout table, even after you exit the game. Regular game wins are logged as achievements. Wild symbol substitute wins are not logged as achievements. Free spins wins are not logged as achievements. Game Controls Item Description Bet box Displays your bet options. (+) or (-) Selects the total amount you want to bet. Coin Size Selects the coin size you want to bet. Coins or Coins Bet Selects the number of coins you want to bet. Max Bet Places the maximum bet permitted. Depending on your game, this can convert the coin size and the number of coins to the maximum bet permitted. Balance box Displays your casino balances. Win box Displays your most recent win amount. Spin button Starts the game. Stop button Displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Pays button Displays the game payout tables. AutoPlay button Displays the AutoPlay options where you can select to spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game. Click AutoPlay and select the number of spins you want to play and the stop options. Menu button Displays a menu of general system and game options. You can also change your game options or view your current game play statistics. Each game has different options and AutoPlay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. AutoPlay AutoPlay enables you to automatically play a set number of consecutive games without interacting with the game. AutoPlay plays with the last bet value you selected, so you must select a bet amount before starting AutoPlay. Each game has different options and AutoPlay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. The number of spins remaining in your AutoPlay session is displayed in the game. To start AutoPlay: Select a bet amount. Select and hold Spin or select AutoPlay . In some games this starts the session and it continues until you select Stop . Select your AutoPlay options. Select Start AutoPlay , Play or Spin . Select Stop to end AutoPlay. Selecting this button does not influence the results of the spin. AutoPlay Options AutoPlay options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. Number of spins Set the number of spins you want to play. Bet settings Set the bet amount you want to play. Until stop Set the session to play until you select to stop. This does not influence the results of the spin. Win Limit or If win at least Stop the session if the win exceeds or equals the amount selected. Loss Limit or If amount drops by Stop the session if your balance decreases and drops below or equals the amount selected. View pay tables or rules If the game rules or pay table are not displayed on the main game screen, there are different options you can use to view the details. Depending on the game you are playing, you can either: Select right arrow to view details. Select Menu and select Paytables to view details. Change settings Select left arrow to Settings . Change the relevant settings. Select right arrow to the game. Go to the lobby Depending on the game you are playing, there are different ways to go to the lobby. You can either: Select left arrow to Settings and select Back to Lobby . Or slide down to go to the lobby. Select Home to go the lobby. Mute sounds Depending on the game you are playing, there are different ways to mute sounds. You can either: Slide right to settings or go to game settings to turn sounds on or off. Spin and Stop in slots Select Spin to start the game. The Spin becomes a Stop . Select Stop to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Malfunction Voids All Pays and Plays. Last modification date: 8/10/2021