Dragonz 2 About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Way Rules This game includes 243 ways. A way is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other in this pattern. Way wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Rolling Reels™ Feature This feature can trigger in base game and Free Spins. This feature triggers after any ways win. Winning symbols are removed from the reels and the symbols above move into the empty spaces. If new winning combinations are formed, the feature triggers again. The feature continues until no winning combinations are present on the reels. This feature does not occur in the WILDSTORM feature. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the ways played. The initial bet is the number of coins multiplied by the coin size. Payout Rules Way win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The total payout is the sum of all way wins and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. Wild Symbols Wilds can be stacked in base game. Wild symbols appear on all reels in base game and all Free Spins features except Frost's Free Spins. Wild symbols appear on reels 2, 3 and 4 in Frost's Free Spins. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Scatters and WILDSTORM symbols. Wilds that contribute to wins appearing in base game and Gobble's free spins feature can apply a multiplier. The Wild Multiplier increments per roll up to a maximum of 6x in the base game. The Wild Multiplier only applies to wins where the Wild Symbol substitutes for a Symbol win and not for any Wilds only wins. Wild symbols can appear stacked in Frost's Free Spins. There is no additive or multiplicative effect if multiple Wilds substitute in a win. Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a way combination. Locking Wild Symbols Locking Wild Symbols appear on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 in base game and Gobble's Free Spins. Locking Wild Symbols only appear on reel 3 in Frost's Free Spins. Locking Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Scatters and WILDSTORM symbols. Locking Wild Symbols remain on the reels for the duration of rolls and are only removed at the beginning of each spin. Scatter Symbols Scatters can create their own winning combination when landing anywhere on the reels. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Scatters are not removed in the Rolling Reels™ feature. Scatters appear on all reels in both base game and Free Spins. Scatter wins are added to regular wins. WILDSTORM Symbol The WILDSTORM symbol appears on reel 2 and 4 only in base game. Landing 1 WILDSTORM symbol can randomly increment the WILDSTORM multiplier by 0.5x. Landing 2 WILDSTORM symbols triggers the WILDSTORM feature. WILDSTORM Feature The WILDSTORM feature can turn up to 5 reels Wild. The WILDSTORM feature plays at 1024 Way Wins. The WILDSTORM feature is a 5 reel 4 row feature. The WILDSTORM multiplier from the base game applies to all wins during this feature. After the WILDSTORM feature completes the WILDSTORM multiplier is reset to a random multiplier value between 1x and 3x. Jackpots There are 4 Jackpots in the base game. The Flint jackpot can award prizes from 20x to 1500x the total bet. The Switch jackpot can award prizes from 10x to 200x the total bet. The Frost jackpot can award prizes from 5x to 75x the total bet. The Gobble jackpot can award prizes from 5x to 50x the total bet. Character Gems can appear on Character symbols. Character Gems are collected at the end of each spin when they appear on screen. Collected Character Gems increment the corresponding character's jackpot value. The Jackpot wheel can trigger randomly when gems are collected. The Jackpot wheel can only trigger in the base game. The WILDSTORM multiplier is applied to all wins when the WILDSTORM is triggered from the Jackpot wheel. The Jackpot wheel can award any 1 of the character jackpots or trigger WILDSTORM. Free Spins Selection 3 or more Scatters anywhere trigger the Free Spins Selection. Choose from 4 Free Spins features. Free Spins All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Free Spins play out automatically. There are 4 Free Spins features. Each Free Spins feature awards 12 Free Spins. The Wild Multiplier increments by 3x per roll up to a maximum of 18x in Gobble's Free Spins. Land 3 or more Scatter Symbols to retrigger an additional 12 free spins in Gobble’s Free Spins. Wilds landing on reel 3 during Frost’s Free Spins remain for the duration of rolls and are only removed on each spin. The first Locking Wild landing on reel 3 during Frost’s Free Spins will spawn 2 Wilds onto the same reel. Additional Locking Wilds landing on reel 3 during Frost’s Free Spins will spawn another Wild onto the same reel. Wilds spawning onto existing Wilds during Frost’s Free Spins will increment a Wild Multiplier up to a maximum of 3x per Wild and can occur in up to 3 instances on reel 3. 2, 3 or 4 reels can sync together during Switch's Free Spins. Synced reels occur on every spin during Switch's Free Spins. Symbols landing on reels for Synced reels will be identical. Symbols rolling in for Synced reels will be identical. Mystery Symbols during Flint's Free Spins can change to coin prizes or any symbol except Scatter Symbols. Mystery Symbols during Flint's Free Spins remain on the reels for the duration of rolls and are only removed on each spin. Coin prizes during Flint's Free Spins range between 1x and 25x total bet. The Multiplier Trail during Flint's Free Spins increments on each roll to a maximum of 6x. The Multiplier Trail during Flint's Free Spins resets on each spin. The Multiplier Trail during Flint's Free Spins applies to coin prize wins during the feature. Land 3 or more Scatter Symbols to retrigger an additional 3 spins during Frost's, Switch's and Flint's Free Spins features. Buy Feature The feature is played at the current bet. This feature is available in base game only. The cost of the feature is a multiple of the current bet size, and is displayed in game. This feature may not be available above a certain bet threshold. 2 features are available for purchase. WILDSTORM purchase is only available after 1000 spins. Game Menu Menu button: Displays additional game options. Lobby button: Exits the game. Banking button: Displays the banking page. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Game Controls Credits: Displays the current balances. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Buy button: Allows the Free Spins and WILDSTORM features to be purchased for a set cost. Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Win History button: Displays the Top Wins and Recent Wins for the game. Sound On button: Enables sounds. Sound Off button: Disables sounds. Media button: Display additional in-game media content. X button: Exits the game. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. This feature is available in base game only. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Bet Settings Max Bet button: Sets the current bet to the maximum value. Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Total Bet: Displays the total bet. Game Settings Quickspin: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Multiplier Wins are displayed separately in Playcheck. Last modification date: 3/5/2025