4 Masks of Inca About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Payline Rules This game includes 20 paylines. The number of paylines played is fixed. Line wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right only on adjacent reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the payline cost of 20. Payout Rules Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins resulting from a spin. If multiple winning combinations land on a single way, only the highest win is awarded. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. Inca Battle Token There are 4 Inca Battle Tokens in the base game - red, purple, blue, and green. Tokens may appear in the base game on the high symbols. When this happens, tokens will be collected in the corresponding token spinner. Collected Inca Battle Tokens are stored per bet amount. If you change your bet, the collected tokens progress will change. Inca Battle Trigger the Inca Battle by collecting 3 Inca Battle tokens of each colour. Once triggered, 5 spins are awarded. Each Mask grants a prize between 10x and 10 000x. The value of the prize is shown beneath the Mask symbol. During spins, the Mask symbol landing the most times wins. The winning Mask symbol prize is awarded. Scatter Symbol Scatters appear on reels 1, 3, and 5 in the base game. This symbol does not have a payout. Free Spins Land 3 Scatters to trigger Free Spins. 3 Free Spins are awarded. Land a Wild during Free Spins to reset remaining spins to 3. Each Wild landed becomes a sticky Wild with a 1x multiplier. A sticky Wild will remain in the position it landed for the duration of the Free Spins. For each spin, the multiplier of random sticky Wild is increased by 1. If a win includes several Wilds, the multiplier values are all multiplied together. All bets and lines played are the same as the spin that triggered the feature. Wild Puma Symbol Wilds can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wilds can substitute for all symbols except Scatters. Each Wild lands with a multiplier between 1x – 5x. If a win includes several Wilds, the multiplier values are all multiplied together. Wild Puma Collect Collect Wild Puma symbols to trigger the Wild Puma Award. Wilds landed in the base game are collected in the Wild Puma Collect meter. When this happens, Wild Puma Award can randomly trigger. A prize of between 10x and 50x will be awarded instantly. Buy Free Spins Trigger Free Spins to unlock 'Buy Free Spins' feature. Press 'Buy Free Spins' in the base game to enter the Game Shop. Press 'Buy' in the Game Shop to trigger the feature at the price shown. Free Spins cost 60x total bet. The feature is played at the current bet. This feature is available in base game only. The Boost mode does not affect the cost of the feature. The Boost mode will be deactivated on the Buy event. This feature may not be available above a certain bet threshold. Boost Activating the Boost increases win potential. The chances to trigger Free Spins, Inca Battle and Wild Puma Award are increased. The total bet is increased by 50%. This feature does not affect symbol pays. This feature can be activated in the base game. Autoplay This feature is available in base game only. Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Balance: Displays the current balances. Game Menu Settings button: Displays the game settings. Audio button: Toggles the game audio. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Translation of Game Terms The translated terms are only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. 4 Masks Of Inca - Game name Big Win - Big Win Boost - Boost mode Boosted - Boosted Buy Free Spins - Buy Free Spins Epic Win - Epic Win Free Spins - Free Spins Inca Battle - Inca Battle Mega Win - Mega Win Wild Puma Award - Wild Puma Award Win Up To - Win up to advertisement Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Values are calculated initially by dividing the total payouts by the total bets from a simulation of numerous game rounds. Values reflect the average expected return and do not change. RTP: 94.00%. Boost Mode RTP: 93.98%. Buy Free Spins RTP: 94.04%. Last modification date: 1/24/2024