Aztec Inferno Gold Eruption About this Game This is a 5 reel 4 row video slot game. This is a video slot game with variable reels. Up to 3 additional rows can be activated in the Ultra Link&Win™ feature. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Payline Rules This game includes 40 paylines. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. The number of paylines played is fixed. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the payline cost of 10. Payout Rules Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins resulting from a spin. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Wild Symbols Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Scatters, Coins, Mystery and Jewel symbols. Scatter Symbols Scatters can create their own winning combination when landing anywhere on the reels. This symbol appears in the base game only. Mystery Symbol and Power Stacks™ features Mystery symbols appear in Power Stacks™. Mystery symbol Power Stacks™ reveal matching symbols on the same spin. In the base game Mystery symbol Power Stacks™ can reveal any symbol except Scatters, Wilds and Jewels. In the Free Spins Mystery symbol Power Stacks™ reveal only Wild and Coin symbols. Hot Mode™ feature The Hot Mode™ can trigger on any spin only in the base game. During this mode, a free Coin symbol is awarded and held by the Coin tracker. The number of Coin symbols required to grow the Ultra Link&Win™ meter or trigger the Ultra Link&Win™ feature is reduced by 1. In the base game during active Hot Mode™, 5 or more Coin symbols trigger Ultra Link&Win™. In the base game during active Hot Mode™, 3 or 4 Coin symbols grow the Ultra Link&Win™ meter. The feature ends after a random number of spins, or when the Ultra Link&Win™, Jackpot Wheel or Free Spins feature is triggered. The feature also ends if the Ultra Link&Win™ feature is purchased. Ultra Link&Win™ Feature 6 or more Coin symbols anywhere on the reels trigger this feature. The feature can be triggered during base game and Free Spins. The Ultra Link&Win™ feature includes Coin symbols and blank symbol positions only. Game includes different type of Coins: Coins with cash prize, Booster Coins and Jackpot Coins. Triggering Coin symbols are held in place while all other symbol positions respin. Any additional Coin symbols that land are held, and reset the remaining respins to 3. Landing 4 or 5 Coin symbols in the base game or Free Spins contributes to the Ultra Link&Win™ meter. When the Ultra Link&Win™ meter is full to the relevant level, the next Ultra Link&Win™ feature will trigger with the extra bonus of that level. Level 1: reaching the Keys milestone unlocks 3 more active rows. Level 2: reaching the 2x + Keys milestone upgrades the feature with a guaranteed Persistent 2x Multiplier Coin and keeps the extra rows from Level 1. Level 3: reaching the Collect + Keys milestone upgrades the feature with a guaranteed Persistent Collect Coin while keeping the extra rows from Level 1. Triggering the Ultra Link&Win™ feature at level 3 will empty the Ultra Link&Win™ meter. 3 respins are awarded. Each Coin is one of the following type of coin: a Cash Coin carrying a multiplier prize, Jackpot Coin or a Booster Coin with special power. The multiplier prize can be one of the following values: 0.5x, 1x, 1.5x, 2x, 3x, 5x, 8x, 10x or 12x bet. Booster Coins are: 2x Multiplier Coin, Persistent 2x Multiplier Coin, Collect Coin, Persistent Collect Coin, Unlock Coin, Extra Chance Coin. The Persistent Collect Coin collects the sum of all Collect Coins and Cash Coins into a total win value on every spin. The Persistent Collect Coin retriggers on every spin until the feature ends. The win collected by the Persistent Collect Coin is awarded at the end of the feature. The Grand, Major, Minor and Mini prizes cannot be collected by the Persistent Collect Coin. The Collect Coin collects the sum of any already landed Persistent Collect Coin and Cash Coins into a total win value for the current spin result. Up to 3 Collect Coins can land during the Ultra Link&Win™ feature. The win collected by the Collect Coin is awarded at the end of the feature. The Grand, Major, Minor and Mini prizes cannot be collected by the Collect Coin. The Persistent 2x Multiplier Coin randomly doubles up to 4 Cash Coins on every spin. The Persistent 2x Multiplier Booster Coin retriggers on every spin until the feature ends. The Grand, Major, Minor and Mini prizes cannot be doubled by the Persistent 2x Multiplier Coin. Either up to 1 Persistent Collect Coin or up to 1 Persistent 2x Multiplier Coin can land during the Ultra Link&Win™ feature. The 2x Multiplier Coin randomly doubles up to 4 Cash Coins for the current spin result. Up to 3 2x Multiplier Coins can land during the Ultra Link&Win™ feature. The Grand, Major, Minor and Mini prizes cannot be doubled by the 2x Multiplier Coin. The Unlock Coin activates 1 additional row in the Ultra Link&Win™ feature. Up to 3 additional rows can be activated in the Ultra Link&Win™ feature. The Extra Chance Coin awards 1 additional respin. The Extra Chance Coin will activate when the remaining respins are 0. During Ultra Link&Win™ following Jackpot Coins may land: Grand, Major, Minor and Mini. Each Jackpot Coin that lands will count down once per spin. Jackpot Coins that land and complete their count down before the feature ends are awarded at the end of the feature. Grand Jackpot awards 5 000x total bet. Major Jackpot awards 500x total bet. Minor Jackpot awards 50x total bet. Mini Jackpot awards 15x total bet. Up to 1 of each of the Grand, Major, Minor and Mini Coins can land during the Ultra Link&Win™ feature. The feature ends when no respins remain or when there are no symbol positions available. All Coin prizes are awarded at the end of the feature. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Free Spins cannot be triggered in conjunction with this feature. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Jackpot Wheel All jewels that land are collected and may randomly trigger the Jackpot Wheel. The graphical collection of Jewel symbols in this game is purely for visual entertainment and as such does not influence triggering the features. Jackpot Wheel awards one of the jackpots. Grand Jackpot awards 5 000x total bet. Major Jackpot awards 500x total bet. Minor Jackpot awards 50x total bet. Mini Jackpot awards 15x total bet. Jewel appears on reel 5 only. This symbol does not have a payout. This symbol appears in the base game only. Free Spins cannot be triggered in conjunction with this feature. Free Spins 3, 4 or 5 Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels trigger 10 free spins. Free Spins play out automatically. Free Spins cannot be re-triggered. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. All lines played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Translation of Game Terms GRAND, Grand Jackpot - Grand jackpot. MAJOR, Major Jackpot - Major jackpot. MINOR, Minor Jackpot - Minor jackpot. MINI, Mini Jackpot - Mini jackpot. Buy Feature This feature is available in the base game only. Activating this feature will instantly trigger the selected feature. 40x current bet triggers Ultra Link&Win™ on 4 active rows. 80x current bet triggers Ultra Link&Win™ on 7 active rows. 110x current bet triggers Ultra Link&Win™ on 7 active rows and guaranteed Persistent 2x Multiplier Coin. 165x current bet triggers Ultra Link&Win™ on 7 active rows and guaranteed Persistent Collect Coin. The feature is played at the current bet. This feature is not available above a certain bet threshold. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. This feature is available in the base game only. Autoplay Settings Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. Bet Settings Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Bet Amount: Sets the current bet value. Game Controls Balance: Displays the current balances. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Menu button: Displays a menu of general system and game options. Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Pressing the Spin button during the current spin stops the reels quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Continue button: Advances to the next screen. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Pressing the Spin button during AutoPlay ends the current Autoplay session. Home button: Exits the game. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of additional game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired, the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. RTP: 94.05% Last modification date: 2/17/2026