Blazing Mammoth About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Game Menu Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Banking button: Displays the banking page. Achievements button: Displays all achievements. Big win toggle: Toggle big win celebration display on or off. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Splash page toggle: Toggles the splash page display on or off. Home button: Exits the game. Close button: Closes the game menu. Game Terminology Blazing Mammoth™ = Blazing Mammoth™ MAX BET = MAX BET FREE SPINS = FREE SPINS WILD = WILD Desktop Controls Bet controls: Increase or decrease the bet with the plus and minus symbols. Fullscreen button: Enables fullscreen mode. Info button: Opens the paytable menu. Max Bet button: Sets the current bet to the maximum value. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Quick Spin button: Enables Quick Spin to resolve spins faster. A second press enables Turbo Spin, resolving the reels even faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Hold to Turbo Spin: Hold the spin button to enable Turbo Spin. Turbo Spin ends when the spin button is lifted. This does not influence the results of the spin. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Win: Displays the most recent win. Balance: Displays the current balances. Help button: Displays help and additional information. Menu button: Opens the game menu. Sound button: Toggle sound on and off. Exit button: Exits the game. Wild Symbols Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Scatter and Mammoth symbols. Scatter Symbols Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. This symboappears on reels 2, 3, and 4 only. Free Spins 3 Scatter symbols on reels 2, 3, and 4 trigger the Free Spins wheel. The wheel will spin once and award a single wedge containing a number of spins and a multiplier. The Free Spins wheel awards 10, 12, 15, 20, 25 or 30 spins at an X2 or X3 multiplier. 3 Scatter symbols on reels 2, 3, and 4 retrigger Free Spins. Retriggering will grant additional free spins equal to the amount initially awarded and at the same multiplier level. Free Spins play out automatically. Albets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Allines played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Alline wins and Free Spin Scatter symbol wins during the feature will be multiplied by the wheel multiplier. During Free Spins, Mammoth symbol wins are not multiplied by the wheel multiplier. Bonus Feature Three or more Mammoth symbols appearing anywhere on the reels pay out. Bonus wins are multiplied by the total bet. This feature can randomly trigger on any spin. This feature can trigger in base game and Free Spins. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the number of paylines played. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the paylines played. Payline Rules This game includes 20 paylines. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. The number of paylines played is fixed. Payout Rules Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. Wins are multiplied by the total bet. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Game Settings Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Quickspin: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Turbospin button: Enables Turbospin to resolve spins faster than Quick Spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Music: Enables game music. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Left-Handed Mode button: Enables left-handed mode. Big Win: Enables big win animations Splash page toggle: Toggles the splash page display on or off. Paytable Achievements Paytable achievements track winning progress as the game is played. Wins with symbol substitutions are not logged as achievements. Winning symbol combinations are permanently highlighted on the achievements page. Bet Settings Bet Amount: Sets the current bet value. Bet Value buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Max Bet button: Sets the current bet to the maximum value. Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Min Bet button: Sets the current bet to the minimum value. Autoplay Settings Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Total bet: Sets the current bet value. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. This feature is available in base game only. In quick and turbo spin (where available), spins play out automatically at the increased speed selected. Big Win: Stops autoplay after winning a big win Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. This value is fixed and does not change.