Carnival Riches About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Payline Rules This game includes 25 paylines. The number of paylines played is fixed. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the payline cost of 10. Payout Rules Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins resulting from a spin. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The win over value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. Wild Symbols Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Scatter and Mallet symbols. This symbol appears on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 only. This symbol does not have a payout. This symbol appears in the base game only. Scatter Symbols Scatters appear on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. This symbol does not have a payout. This symbol appears in the base game only. Whac-A-Mole Feature This feature is available in the base game. Each reel has its individual prize container. When a Mallet symbol lands, a Mole with a cash prize or a Balloon symbol pops up in the reel's prize container. When the Mallet symbol lands again on the reel with a mole, the shown cash prize is awarded. The cash prize is 1x-100x bet. When the Mallet symbol lands again on the reel with a balloon, jackpots are boosted and a Catch & Match trigger symbol may appear. When the reel's prize is awarded, the prize container is cleared. If the Catch & Match feature is won, it is triggered only after all Whac-A-Mole feature prizes are revealed on that spin. Duck Shoot Feature 3 Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels trigger this feature. The number of shots is displayed on the counter in the base game, ranging from a minimum of 5 to a maximum of 20. Each time exactly 2 Scatters land, the shot counter increases by 1. The shooting feature has 30 targets. Each shot hits a target on the reels and the shots counter is decreased by 1. Each target awards a cash prize, two direction arrow or a Balloon symbol. The target element is for visual entertainment only; the prize is determined randomly at the moment the player initiates the spin, regardless of the target's position. The cash prize can be 1-10x, 15-18x, 20x, 50x or 100x bet. Horizontal two direction arrow awards all prizes on the row it is on. Vertical two direction arrow awards all prizes on the column it is on. Balloon symbol increases all jackpot values and may also reveal a Catch & Match trigger symbol. When the feature is complete, the shots counter resets to 5. The Duck Shoot feature and the Whac-A-Mole feature cannot be triggered on the same spin. Catch & Match Feature This feature may trigger in the base game or in the Duck Shoot feature when the Catch & Match trigger symbol appears. The game begins with 15 items, each represented by a gold fish symbol. When a fish is tapped, it reveals a colored bubble: yellow, red, purple, green, or blue. Collecting 3 bubbles of the same color awards a jackpot. 3 yellow bubbles award the Grand Jackpot. 3 red bubbles award the Mega Jackpot. 3 purple bubbles award the Major Jackpot. 3 green bubbles award the Minor Jackpot. 3 blue bubbles award the Mini Jackpot. The Grand Jackpot awards 5 000x total bet. Grand Jackpot cannot be increased. The Mega Jackpot has a minimum value of 200x bet (maximum value of 1 000x bet) and is increased by 4x bet. The Major Jackpot has a minimum value of 50x bet (maximum value of 250x bet) and is increased by 2x bet. The Minor Jackpot has a minimum value of 20x bet (maximum value of 100x bet) and is increased by 1x bet. The Mini Jackpot has a minimum value of 10x bet (maximum value of 50x bet) and is increased by 0.5x bet. Jackpots can increase during the Whac-a-Mole feature in the base game or in the Duck Shoot feature. The feature ends, when the jackpot is won. Once a jackpot has been awarded, that specific jackpot will reset to its minimum value. Translation of Game Terms Whac-A-Mole - Whac-A-Mole Feature Duck Shoot - Duck Shoot Feature Catch & Match - Catch & Match Feature GRAND, Grand Jackpot - Grand jackpot. MEGA, Mega Jackpot - Mega jackpot.MAJOR, Major Jackpot - Major jackpot. MINOR, Minor Jackpot - Minor jackpot. MINI, Mini Jackpot - Mini jackpot. Buy Feature Activating this feature will instantly trigger the Duck Shoot feature. 120x current bet triggers Duck Shoot feature with 20 shots. This feature is available in base game only. The feature is played at the current bet. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. This feature is available in base game only. Autoplay Settings Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. Bet Settings Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Bet Amount: Sets the current bet value. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of additional game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired, the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event you disconnect, the final game results are displayed upon returning to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. RTP: 94.20%. Malfunction Voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 1/13/2026