Fishin' Pots of Gold About this Game l This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. l The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form winning combinations. The payout is dependent on the winning combinations formed. l Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Playing the Game l Select the bet on a mobile device by tapping the Bet icon or the Bet area. l Select the bet in desktop through the Main Menu or on the console bar. l The balance is displayed in currency and is available in the console bar. l Click or tap the spin button to spin the reels. l Select the stop button to stop the current reel spin. This can also be done by clicking or tapping the reels. This does not influence the results of the spin. l If enabled in Settings, the spacebar may be pressed to spin or stop. l Once the reels stop, winning combinations are highlighted. The win amount is displayed in the win box. l If there is no winning combination, the game is completed. Payline Rules l The number of paylines played is fixed. l A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. l Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. l Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. l The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. l This game includes 10 paylines in base game, and 20 paylines in Free Spins. Payout Rules l The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. l Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. l The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. l The total payout is the sum of all payline wins and scatter wins resulting from a spin. l If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. Collect Symbol l This symbol is wild. l This symbol can substitute for all symbols except Free Spins Symbols and Jackpot Symbols. l This symbol appears on reel 5 in base game. l This symbol appears on all reels in Free Spins. Collect Feature l Land a Collect Symbol to trigger the Collect Feature. l Collect Symbols are scatter symbols that reel in and award the prize on the landed Cash and Jackpot Symbols. l Cash Symbol values range from 1X to 25X in base game. l Cash Symbol values range from 2X to 100X in Free Spins. l Cash Symbol values are multiplied times bet. l Landing a Jackpot Symbol with a Collect Symbol awards a Mini, Minor, Major, or Mega Jackpot. Free Spins l 3, 4 or 5 Free Spins Symbols award 10, 15 or 20 Free Spins respectively. l During Free Spins, reels expand to 5 rows with 10 additional lines in play. l The Accumulation Trail becomes available in Free Spins. l All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. l The Free Spins Symbols do not appear in Free Spins. l Additional Free Spins can be awarded by the Accumulation Trail. Accumulation Trail l Each Collect Symbol that lands accumulates on the trail. l For every 3 Collect Symbols accumulated, the Cash Symbol multiplier increases and 5 additional Free Spins are awarded. l Accumulate up to 12 Collect Symbols. l Increased multiplier is applied to subsequent Free Spins. l The multiplier applies to Cash Symbol values collected. l Maximum multiplier is 10. l Up to 20 Free Spins can be awarded by the trail. l Accumulation Trail resets at the beginning of each Free Spin feature. l This feature is only available during Free Spins. Feature Buy l Feature Buy becomes available once Free Spins has been triggered. l Use the Feature Buy to trigger Free Spins. l Feature options available are: l 10 Free Spins l 15 Free Spins l 20 Free Spins l When purchasing 10 or 15 Free Spins, there is a chance more Free Spins may be awarded. l Features are purchased at the prices displayed. l Features are purchased at 50X, 100X bet and 150X bet respectively. l Free Spins are played at the current bet. l This feature is available in base game only. l This feature may not be available above a certain bet threshold. l Some of these options may not be available in your location. Icons l Autoplay l Main Menu l Return l Decrement l Increment l Bet l Quick Spin l Mute / Unmute l Responsible Gaming l Player Protection l Loyalty l Game History l Transaction History l Banking l Settings l Paytable / Information l Help Files l Lobby l Discard l Some of these options may not be available in your location. Autoplay l Using Autoplay, you can spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game. l A bet amount must be set before starting the Autoplay session, as Autoplay plays with the last bet value. l Autoplay can be stopped at any time. This does not influence the results of the spin. l Triggering any feature will stop Autoplay. l Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. l Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. l Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Bet Selection l Each spin played costs a total bet amount. l Select the bet on a mobile device by tapping Bet in the console bar or by tapping the Bet icon. l Select the bet in desktop with the Increment and Decrement icons on the console bar. Also, select the bet from the Main Menu using the Bet icon, or by clicking the bet area. Settings l The Settings panel provides access to multiple game settings. l To access the Settings panel, open the Main Menu and select the Settings icon. l Choose which settings to turn on or off. l Quick Spin setting increases the speed of the slot reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. l All Sounds setting controls all sounds, including game and background sounds. l Game Sounds setting controls console and spin sounds, as well as sounds for winning combinations and sequences. (Only enabled if All Sounds is ON.) l Background Music setting controls background music. (Only enabled if All Sounds is ON.) l Spacebar to Spin setting allows the player to spin the reels using the computer's spacebar. Additional Information l Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. l Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. l If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. l In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. l Malfunction voids all pays and plays. l The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. l The results of the last game played are displayed. l Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Return to Player l The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. l This value is fixed and does not change. l This game has an RTP of 94.06%. l The RTP when 10 Free Spins are purchased is 94.18%. l The RTP when 15 Free Spins are purchased is 94.14%. l The RTP when 20 Free Spins are purchased is 94.10%. Last modification date: 1/11/2022