Aurora Wilds Game Payouts Winnings paid out on the slot machine are dependent on the symbols displayed in the reel area once the reels have come to a stop. All payout tables display the number of credits that are won for each winning combination. Line Payouts Winnings paid out for a payline are dependent on the symbols displayed on the payline, once the reels have come to a stop. Line wins are calculated by multiplying the line combination payout by the bet staked per line. Bet staked per line can be calculated by dividing the total bet in credits by the number of lines played. For a combination of regular symbols to produce a winning line combination, the following criteria must be met: The symbols must be next to each other on a payline, starting from left to right or starting from right to left. For payline winning combinations paying out from left to right, a winning payline combination must start with the leftmost payline position and continue on adjacent positions on the payline. For payline winning combinations paying out from right to left, a winning payline combination must start with the rightmost payline position and continue on adjacent positions on the payline. Respin Payouts All payouts and rules are the same as the triggering spin. The respins are played at the same bet as the round activating the respins. Jackpot Wheel Payouts Winnings paid out for the Jackpot Wheel are dependent on the symbol displayed under the pointer, once the Jackpot Wheel has come to a stop. Jackpot wins are calculated by multiplying the Jackpot payout by the total bet.The Jackpot Wheel is played at the same bet as the round activating the Jackpot Wheel . Game Rules See sections below for information about the game rules. General Rules Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Wild Symbol Rules The Wild symbol is a wild symbol. The Wild symbol can substitute for all symbols except the Jackpot Trigger symbol. The Wild symbol can only appear on reels 2, 3, and 4. Respin Feature Rules One or more Wild symbols appearing anywhere on reels 2, 3, or 4 activates the Respin feature. During the Respin feature, the Wild symbol expands to cover the entire reel and locks in place while the other reels respin. If a new Wild symbol lands during a respin, it expands and locks along with any previously expanded Wild symbols for another respin. The Respin feature ends when no new Wild symbols appear during a respin. Up to 2 additional Wild symbols can appear after a Wild symbol activates a respin, triggering an additional respin, for a maximum of 3 respins. The respins are played at the same bet as the round activating the respins. Jackpot Wheel Rules 3 Jackpot Trigger symbols scattered on screen awards a single spin of the Jackpot Wheel . The Jackpot Wheel awards 1 of 4 jackpots. The Jackpot Trigger symbol can only appear on reels 2, 3, and 4. Jackpot Triggers may appear over any symbols except wild. Betting and Payout Rules Winnings are paid out only on the highest combination in either direction on each line. Line winning combinations pay out from left-to-right or right-to-left. Thus, one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel for winning combinations from the left, or on the last slot reel for winning combinations from the right. A symbol combination starting from a different slot reel does not pay out. The symbols must be next to each other on a line. At most 1 winning combination from the left is paid out per payline. At most 1 winning combination from the right is paid out per payline. In either direction, if there is more than 1 possible winning combination on a payline, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. Line wins are calculated by multiplying the line combination payout by the line bet. The line bet is total bet divided by number of lines played. Jackpot wins are calculated by multiplying the jackpot payout by the total bet. All payout tables display the number of credits that are won for each combination. The number of credits won is dependent on the line bet. The line bet is total bet divided by number of lines played. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Icons Below are the icons used throughout the game and their descriptions. Icons Descriptions Main Menu Return Decrement Increment Bet Quick Spin Mute / Unmute Responsible Gaming Player Protection Loyalty Game History Transaction History Banking Settings Paytable / Information Help Files Lobby Discard Note: Some of these options may not be available in your location. Playing the Game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form winning combinations. The payout is dependent on the winning combinations formed. To play: Your balance is displayed in credits and is available in the console bar. To select your bet amount: Desktop Settings Panel Open the Menu by clicking the icon. Click the Bet icon. Select the value you want from the visible options. Scroll up or down with the mouse wheel or using the scroll bar for more options. Click Max Bet to bet the maximum permitted. Desktop Console Bar Click the Bet area. Select the value you want from the visible options. Scroll up or down with the mouse wheel or using the scroll bar for more options. Click Max Bet to bet the maximum permitted. Mobile Open the Bet Panel by tapping the icon. Tap the value you want from the visible options. Swipe up or down in the bet panel for more options. Tap Max Bet to bet the maximum permitted. Click or Tap Spin to start spinning the reels. You can also tap the reels to spin (mobile only). If enabled in Settings, you may press spacebar to spin (desktop only). Once the reels stop, wins are highlighted if you have a winning combination. You are paid out the win amount as displayed in the Win box. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is completed and you can play again. AutoPlay You can spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game, using AutoPlay. About AutoPlay AutoPlay and some of the related options may not be available in the game you are playing. A bet amount must be set before starting the AutoPlay session, as AutoPlay plays with the last bet value. AutoPlay can be stopped at any time. This does not influence the results of the spin. Triggering the jackpot feature will stop AutoPlay. Settings The Settings panel provides access to multiple game settings. Desktop Open the Menu by clicking the icon. Click the Settings icon. Mobile Open the Menu by tapping the icon. Tap the Settings icon. You can choose which to turn on or off. Intro Screen displays the intro screen at startup. Show Tutorial At Startup (Mobile only). Quick Spin increases the speed of the slot reel spin. All Sounds controls all sounds, including game and background sounds. Game Sounds controls console and spin sounds, as well as sounds for winning combinations and sequences. Background Music controls background music. Spacebar to Spin allows you to spin the reels using your computer's spacebar (Desktop Only). Note: Some of these options may not be available in your location. Game Sounds and Background Music are only enabled if All Sounds is ON . Spin and Stop in slots Select Spin to start the game. The Spin becomes a Stop . Select Stop to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Last modification date: 3/3/2021