Dragon's Keep About this Game This is a 5 reel 4 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the number of coins multiplied by the coin size. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the paylines played. Payline Rules This game includes 25 paylines. The number of paylines played is fixed. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payout Rules Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. Winning combination payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The total payout is the sum of all winning combination wins resulting from a spin. Disclaimer: The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Wild Symbols Random Wild Multipliers appearing above a reel transform all Wilds on the same reel to Traveling Wilds. Traveling Wilds move down 1 position on each spin until it reaches the bottom of the reels. Random Wild Multipliers increase the multiplier value of Traveling Wilds on the same reel. Traveling Wilds can award up to 8x. Wild symbols appear on reels 2, 3, and 4. Traveling Wilds are saved per bet. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except the Free Spins symbol. This symbol does not have its own payout. This symbol appears in both base game and Free Spins. Free Spins Land a full stacked Golden Dragon symbol on reels 1 and 5 to trigger 10 free spins. On each spin a random multiplier between 2x - 5x is displayed on a random position on reels 2, 3, and 4. Wilds landing on random multipliers transform into Multiplied Wilds. Each Wild can receive only one multiplier. Wilds appear on reels 2, 3, and 4. Wilds and Multiplied Wilds are locked in place during free spins. Free Spins are played on a different reel set from the base game. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. All bets and lines played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Golden Dragon Prizes Feature Land a full stacked Golden Dragon symbol on reels 1 and 5 to trigger the Golden Dragon Prizes Feature. Spin to win a prize. 1 of 4 metered prizes will be randomly awarded. Mini prize 10x bet Minor prize 50x bet Major prize 1000x bet Mega prize 10000x bet Golden Dragon Prizes Feature can be retriggered. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Play button: Continues the game. Fast Play button: Toggles Fast Play on and off. Fast Play Active Indicator: Indicates when Fast Play is active. Bet button: Opens the Bet dialog. Bet Up button: Increases the current bet up to the next highest available bet. Bet Down button: Decreases the current bet down to the next lowest available bet. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay start button: Starts Autoplay session. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Game Menu button: Displays the game settings and game payout table. Help button: Displays help and additional information. Game Menu System Menu button: Displays additional system options. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Bet button: Displays the bet options. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Return button: Returns to the game. Bet Settings Coin Size: Sets the coin value. Number of Coins: Sets the number of coins. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The Autoplay start button starts the Autoplay session based on your selected options. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. If any condition is met to stop the session, all AutoPlay settings return to default. If you are disconnected, AutoPlay will stop. All AutoPlay settings return to default when the game is reloaded. Game Settings Intro Screen button: Toggle to turn the game Intro Screen on or off. Fast Play button: Toggle to turn Fast Play on or off to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Mute All Sounds button: Toggle to mute all game sounds. Background Music button: Toggle to turn background music on or off. Sound Effects button: Toggle to turn game sound effects on or off. Additional Information In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Values are calculated initially by dividing the total possible payouts by the total possible outcomes that are available within the game. Values reflect the average expected return and do not change. Overall RTP: 94.04%. Last modification date: 4/26/2023