6 Tokens of Gold About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Payline Rules This game includes 25 paylines. The number of paylines played is fixed. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the payline cost of 10. Payout Rules Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. Wild Symbols Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Scatters and Coin symbols. Scatter Symbols Scatters can create their own winning combination when landing anywhere on the reels. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Scatters appear on reels 1, 3 and 5 only. HYPERHOLD™ Feature The feature can trigger in base game and Free Spins. 6 or more Coin symbols anywhere on the reels trigger this feature. 3 free respins are awarded. Only Coin symbols and blank reel symbol spaces appear on the reels. Triggering Coin symbols are held in place while all other symbol positions respin. Any additional Coin symbols that land are held, and reset the remaining respins to 3. Each Coin symbol is allocated a random multiplier value. The multiplier values allocated are 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, 10x, 12x, 15x, 16x, 18x, 20x, 30x, 100x. The multiplier values are multiplied by total bet. The Mini Jackpot awards a 30x total bet. The Mega Jackpot awards a 100x total bet. The Maxi Jackpot awards a 1000x total bet. The Maxi Jackpot is awarded in addition to other prizes when all 15 symbols positions are filled with Coin symbols. All Coin prizes are awarded at the end of the feature. The feature ends when no respins remain or when all 15 symbol positions are filled. Free Spins 3 Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels trigger this feature. 5 Free Spins are awarded. Reels 2, 3 and 4 are merged into a single reel with big symbols. Big symbols count as 9 symbols. Big Scatter symbols count as 1 symbol. Land 3 Scatter symbols during Free Spins to trigger an additional 3 Free Spins. Free Spins play out automatically. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. All lines played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Autoplay Settings Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. Bet Settings Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Bet Amount: Sets the current bet value. Game Controls Balance: Displays the current balances. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Pressing the Spin button during the current spin stops the reels quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Pressing the Spin button during AutoPlay ends the current Autoplay session. Home button: Exits the game. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. The theoretical return to player RTP is 94.01% Last modification date: 10/5/2021