AbraCatDabra About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the number of coins multiplied by the coin size. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the paylines played. Payline Rules This game includes 20 paylines. The number of paylines played is fixed. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payout Rules Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins resulting from a spin. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. Disclaimer: The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Wild Symbols Wilds are stacked 3-high on Reel 3. Wilds are stacked 1-high on Reels 2 and 4 during the Wild Fire Respin Feature. Wild symbols appear in the base game and Free Spins. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols. Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. These symbols do not have a payout. Respin Feature Land a full stacked Wild on Reel 3 to trigger the Feature indicated on the Wheel. The Wheel can award 1 of 3 Respin Features, or Free Spins. Stacked Wilds transform when a Feature is awarded. Wild Growth Respin - Awards a Respin with a 2x, 3x, 5x, or 10x multiplier. Wild Fire Respin - Awards a Respin with 2, 3, or 4 extra Wilds. Wild Strike Respin - Awards a Respin with all High symbols. The Wild symbol is locked during the Respin features. Respin features are available in both the base game and the Free Spins. Free Spins Land a full stacked Wild on Reel 3, and land on the Gold section of the Wheel to trigger the Free Spins. 10 Free Spins are awarded. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Respin features are available during Free Spins and act the same as in the base game. Respins do not reduce the number of Free Spins remaining. Free Spins can be retriggered and awards an additional 10 Free Spins. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. All lines played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Pick Bonus Star symbols are collected and have a random chance to trigger the Pick Bonus. Star symbols appear randomly on Reels 1, 2, 4, and 5 in the base game. The Pick Bonus consists of 2 rounds: the Silver Pick Round and the Golden Pick Round. Players must pick items. SILVER PICK ROUND Picked items can reveal the following options in the Silver Pick Round: CREDITS COIN - Awards a random credit prize. FREE LIFE HEART - Adds 1 Heart to the Life Meter. SKULL - Removes 1 Heart from the Life Meter. KEY - Awards the Golden Pick Round. GOLDEN PICK ROUND Picked items can reveal the following options in the Golden Pick Round: MEGA, MAJOR, MINOR, MINI Pick items until 3 matching prizes are revealed. The Silver Pick Round resumes when the Golden Pick Round is over. The Bonus ends when the Life Meter is empty. Press the Auto-Pick button at any time to enable the automatic random picking of any unpicked items. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. > Play button: Continues the game. Fast Play Active Indicator: Indicates when Fast Play is active. Bet Up button: Increases the current bet up to the next highest available bet. Bet Down button: Decreases the current bet down to the next lowest available bet. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay start button: Starts Autoplay session. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Game Menu button: Displays the game settings and game payout table. Game Menu System Menu button: Displays additional system options. Help button: Displays help and additional information. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Return button: Returns to the game. Bet Settings Coin Size: Sets the coin value. Coins Per Line: Sets the number of coins to bet per line. Autoplay The Autoplay start button starts the Autoplay session based on your selected options. Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. If any condition is met to stop the session, all AutoPlay settings return to default. If you are disconnected, AutoPlay will stop. All AutoPlay settings return to default when the game is reloaded. Game Settings Intro Screen button: Toggle to turn the game Intro Screen on or off. Fast Play button: Toggle to turn Fast Play on or off to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Mute All Sounds button: Toggle to mute all game sounds. Background Music button: Toggle to turn background music on or off. Sound Effects button: Toggle to turn game sound effects on or off. Additional Information In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 8/10/2022