Tiger's Ice About this Game ´üČ This is a 5 reel 5 row video slot game. ´üČ The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. ´üČ Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. ´üČ This game includes 3125 ways. Rolling ReelsÔäó Feature ´üČ The feature is active during the base game and Free Spins. ´üČ This feature triggers after any win. ´üČ All winning symbols are removed from the reels and any remaining symbols drop down. ´üČ New symbols then move on to the reels from above to fill the empty spaces. ´üČ If new winning combinations are formed, the feature triggers again. ´üČ The feature continues until no winning combinations are present on the reels. ´üČ This feature includes a Multiplier Trail in Free Spins only. ´üČ The Multiplier Trail is a range of potential win multipliers. ´üČ The range of potential win multipliers is unlimited. ´üČ The win multipliers start at 1x. ´üČ The win multiplier increases in increments of either 1, 2 or 3 on every consecutive Rolling ReelsÔäó trigger in Free Spins. ´üČ The Multiplier Trail does not reset for the duration of Free Spins. ´üČ Scatters are not removed from the reels during Rolling ReelsÔäó. Echo RollÔäó Feature ´üČ The feature can trigger during the base game and Free Spins. ´üČ Echo RollÔäó will randomly award an additional symbol win after any preceding win. ´üČ Echo RollÔäó fills all empty positions on the reels with a randomly selected symbol to award a guaranteed win. ´üČ Echo RollÔäó does not award Scatter symbols. ´üČ An Echo RollÔäó modifier can be won by spinning the Bonus Wheel before Free Spins begins. ´üČ Echo RollÔäó modifiers may be purchased in the Upsizer Feature. ´üČ Echo RollÔäó modifiers are removed when Free Spins ends. Bonus Wheel ´üČ The Bonus Wheel is presented and must be spun before Free Spins can begin. ´üČ The wheel can be spun once per trigger. ´üČ The wheel is spun at no cost. ´üČ The wheel is spun by interacting with it. ´üČ When the wheel comes to a stop the winning segment will award a Free Spins Feature Modifier prize. ´üČ The Feature Modifier prizes that can be won are: ´üČ 2 additional starting Free Spins. ´üČ 4 additional starting Free Spins. ´üČ The Free Spins Multiplier Trail increases in increments of 2. ´üČ The Free Spins Multiplier Trail increases in increments of 3. ´üČ Modify Echo RollÔäó so that it does not award Low symbols. ´üČ Modify Echo RollÔäó so that it only awards Wild symbols. ´üČ 2 additional starting Free Spins and the Free Spins Multiplier Trail increases in increments of 2. ´üČ 2 additional starting Free Spins and Low symbols are removed from Echo RollÔäó. ´üČ The Free Spins Multiplier Trail increases in increments of 2 and Low symbols are removed from Echo RollÔäó. ´üČ 4 additional starting Free Spins, the Free Spins Multiplier Trail increases in increments of 3, and Echo RollÔäó will only award Wild symbols. ´üČ Selecting the '?' button displays a dialog box with descriptions of the Feature Modifiers. ´üČ Feature Modifiers are reset once Free Spins has ended. Upsizer Feature ´üČ The feature may not be available in all regions. ´üČ This feature is offered after the Bonus Wheel. ´üČ This feature allows additional Feature Modifiers to be purchased before Free Spins begins. ´üČ Feature Modifiers won in the Bonus Wheel affect what Feature Modifiers are available for purchase. ´üČ Any available Feature Modifiers are presented with their calculated purchase costs. ´üČ Once a modifier is selected, a confirmation prompt will display with details of the purchase. ´üČ Selecting the 'Start Free Spins' button will start the Free Spins feature. ´üČ The feature may be limited or made inaccessible while your bet exceeds a specified amount. ´üČ The maximum number of additional starting Free Spins won as a result of the Bonus Wheel and Upsizer is 4. ´üČ All Feature Modifiers include: ´üČ 2 additional starting Free Spins. ´üČ 4 additional starting Free Spins. ´üČ The Free Spins Multiplier Trail increases in increments of 2. ´üČ The Free Spins Multiplier Trail increases in increments of 3. ´üČ Modify Echo RollÔäó so that it does not award Low symbols. ´üČ Modify Echo RollÔäó so that it only awards Wild symbols. ´üČ Selecting the '?' button displays a dialog box with descriptions of the Feature Modifiers. ´üČ Feature Modifiers are reset once Free Spins has ended. Free Spins ´üČ In the base game 3 Scatter symbols on the reels will trigger the Bonus Wheel and 8 Free Spins. ´üČ In the base game any Scatter symbols that are additional to the 3 triggering Scatters will each add 2 Free Spins to the initial 8 Free Spins triggered. ´üČ The number of triggering Scatters is evaluated at the end of any Rolling ReelsÔäó rolls. ´üČ The Free Spins win multiplier will increase after every win. ´üČ The Free Spins win multiplier is cumulative and does not reset until the end of the feature. ´üČ The Free Spins win multiplier can increase in increments of either 1, 2, or 3 for the duration of the feature. ´üČ Each Scatter that lands awards an extra Free Spin. ´üČ All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. ´üČ All ways played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. ´üČ Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. ´üČ Free Spins play out automatically. ´üČ Free Spins cannot be retriggered. ´üČ Total winnings per transaction is limited to 20,000x base bet. ´üČ A transaction is all payouts and games that may occur as a result of a bet. ´üČ If the transaction win limit is reached the win will be awarded and any remaining win amounts, rolling reels, or free spins are forfeited. ´üČ Free Spins will end once the final win amount is awarded. Buy Feature ´üČ Tapping the active Buy Bonus button will open the Buy feature. ´üČ The Buy feature allows you to purchase immediate access to the Bonus Wheel with 8 starting free spins, and the subsequent Free Spins feature. ´üČ The calculated purchase cost is displayed above the 'Ôťô ' and 'X' buttons. ´üČ Tapping 'Ôťô ' will confirm your choice to buy the Bonus Wheel and the subsequent Free Spins feature. ´üČ Tapping the 'X' button will close the Buy feature. ´üČ This feature is available in base game only. ´üČ The feature may be limited or made inaccessible while your bet exceeds a specified amount. ´üČ The feature may not be available in all regions. Bet Rules ´üČ Each spin played costs a total bet amount. ´üČ The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the way cost of 30. Way Rules ´üČ This game includes 3125 ways. ´üČ A way is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs across the reels. ´üČ A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other in this pattern. ´üČ Way wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Payout Rules ´üČ Way win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. ´üČ The total payout is the sum of all way wins and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. ´üČ Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. ´üČ The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. ´üČ If multiple winning combinations land on a single way, only the highest win is awarded. Wild Symbols ´üČ Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. ´üČ Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Scatters. ´üČ Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a way combination. Scatter Symbols ´üČ This symbol does not have a payout. ´üČ 3 or more Scatters anywhere on the base game reels will trigger the Bonus Wheel and Free Spins. ´üČ The number of triggering Scatters is evaluated at the end of any Rolling ReelsÔäó rolls. Autoplay ´üČ This feature is available in base game only. ´üČ Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. ´üČ Selecting an autoplay option button will set the number of spins and start Autoplay ´üČ AutoPlay plays with the last bet value you selected, so you must select a bet amount before starting AutoPlay. ´üČ The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. ´üČ Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Autoplay Options ´üČ AutoPlay options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. ´üČ Number of spins: Set the number of spins you want to play. ´üČ Bet settings: Set the bet amount you want to play. ´üČ Until stop: Set the session to play until you select to stop. This does not influence the results of the spin. ´üČ Stop if a win exceeds or equals: Stop the session if the win exceeds or equals the amount selected. ´üČ Win Limit or If win at least: Stop the session if the win exceeds or equals the amount selected. ´üČ Loss Limit or If amount drops by: Stop the session if your balance decreases and drops below or equals the amount selected. ´üČ Stop once all spins are complete: Stop after playing the number of spins selected. ´üČ Stop on any win: Stop the session if you win on a spin. ´üČ Stop if credits increase by: Stop the session if your balance increases and exceeds or equals the amount selected. ´üČ Stop if credits decrease by: Stop the session if your balance decreases and drops below or equals the amount selected. ´üČ Stop on a feature: Stops if Free Spins or another bonus feature is activated. Bet Settings ´üČ Quick Bet: Displays a range of quick betting options to select your total bet amount. ´üČ Advanced: (+) or (-) Selects the total amount you want to bet. ´üČ Max Bet: Available in both Quick Bet and Advanced modes, places the maximum bet permitted. ´üČ Bet options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. Game Controls ´üČ Spin button: Starts a reel spin. ´üČ Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. ´üČ Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. ´üČ Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. ´üČ Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. ´üČ Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. ´üČ Bet: Displays the current total bet. ´üČ Balance: Displays the current balances. ´üČ Menu button: Displays additional game options. Game Menu ´üČ Close button: Closes the game menu. ´üČ Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. ´üČ Settings button: Displays the game settings. ´üČ Menu button: Displays additional game options. ´üČ Banking button: Displays the banking page. ´üČ Help button: Displays help and additional information. ´üČ Home button: Exits the game. Game Settings ´üČ Sounds: Enables game sounds. ´üČ Quickspin: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Additional Information ´üČ Some settings and features may not be available in this game. ´üČ In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. ´üČ The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. ´üČ The results of the last game played are displayed. ´üČ If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. ´üČ Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. ´üČ Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. ´üČ Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Return to Player ´üČ The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. ´üČ Values are calculated initially by dividing the total possible payouts by the total possible outcomes that are available within the game. ´üČ Values reflect the maximum expected return and do not change. ´üČ The Return to Player is defined at different stages or modes of the game. ´üČ The probability of triggering certain game events may change during gameplay depending on the current game state or progress. ´üČ Overall RTP: 94.25%. ´üČ Upsizer RTP: 94.25%. ´üČ Buy Feature RTP: 94.25%. Last modification date: 12/14/2022