Rubies of Egypt About this Game This is a 5 reel 4 row video slot game. This game has 30 lines. It features Ruby Respin, Both Ways pay on Pharaoh symbols, Free Spins with the Pharaoh Power, and Ruby Upgrade features. General Win on a line pays if the same symbol appears in succession on adjacent reels, from the leftmost position to the rightmost position according to the PAYTABLE. Pharaoh symbols in a winning combination on adjacent reels pays left to right, beginning with the leftmost reel and right to left, beginning with the rightmost reel. Only the highest win per line from both ways is paid. Simultaneous wins on different lines are added. Wild symbols can appear anywhere on reels 2, 3 and 4. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except Free Spins symbols. Ruby Respin Trigger Every time a Wild symbol lands there is a chance to trigger the Ruby Respin feature. The Ruby Respin feature cannot trigger on a spin that triggers the Free Spins feature. The Ruby Respin feature cannot trigger during the Free Spins or the Ruby Respin features. Ruby Respin Ruby Respin awards 1 extra spin. Wild symbols that are on the visible reel area when Ruby Respin triggers become sticky for the duration of the Ruby Respin. The Ruby Respin feature randomly awards between 2 - 9 additional Wild symbols. The additional Wild symbols can only be placed on reels 2, 3 and 4. The additional Wild symbols cannot be placed on positions that are already occupied by another Wild symbol. The Free Spins feature cannot trigger during the Ruby Respin feature. Free Spins If 3, 4, or 5 Free Spins symbols have landed anywhere on the reels, then 8, 12, or 16 Free Spins are awarded, respectively. The Free Spins includes the Pharaoh Power and Ruby Upgrade feature. After each spin, all Pharaoh and Wild symbols that landed will be collected. When 10 Pharaoh symbols have been collected, the Pharaoh Power feature will be awarded. Any Pharaoh symbols that were collected in addition to the 10 required will count towards the next Pharaoh Power feature. When 10 Wild symbols have been collected, the Ruby Upgrade feature will be awarded. Any Wild symbols that were collected in addition to the 10 required will count towards the next Ruby Upgrade feature. The Free Spins end when there are no more Free Spins left. The last bet placed in the game is used as the Free Spins bet amount. Ruby Upgrade Any wins will be paid out before the Ruby Upgrade feature is awarded. Wild symbols start with a multiplier of 1. The Ruby Upgrade feature will increase the Wild symbol multiplier by 1. Each time the Ruby Upgrade feature is triggered +1 Free Spins is awarded. Once the Wild symbol multiplier has reached 5, no more Wild symbols will be collected. Any line win including a Wild symbol will be multiplied by the current Wild symbol multiplier. Multiple Wild symbols on the same line win only apply the multiplier once. Pharaoh Power Any wins will be paid out before the Pharaoh Power feature is awarded. The Pharaoh Power feature will upgrade a symbol to the next more valuable symbol according to the PAYTABLE. Upgraded symbols will remain upgraded for the duration of Free Spins. Each time the Pharaoh Power feature is triggered +1 Free Spins is awarded. Once all upgradable symbols have been upgraded to Pharaoh symbols, no more Pharaoh symbols will be collected. Game Terms Translations The following list is only applicable in a language other than English RUBIES OF EGYPT™ - RUBIES OF EGYPT™ RUBY RESPIN - RUBY RESPIN RUBY UPGRADE - RUBY UPGRADE PHARAOH - PHARAOH WILD/WILDS - WILD/WILDS PHARAOH POWER - PHARAOH POWER FREE SPINS - FREE SPINS BONUS - BONUS WIN UP TO 5000X IN FREE SPINS - WIN UP TO 5000X IN FREE SPINS BIG WIN - BIG WIN MEGA WIN - MEGA WIN EPIC WIN - EPIC WIN JUST FOR THE WIN - JUST FOR THE WIN Game Controls Spin button: Start the game with the current bet size as displayed in the bet field. Pressing anywhere on the reels or the Spin button during a spin displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button: Select a number of spins to auto play by selecting a value. Start and stop the Autoplay by pressing the spin button. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Balance field: Displays the current account balance. Bet field: Displays the current bet size. Total and Win field: Displays the pay in a winning round. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Game Menu Menu button: Displays additional game options. Sound button: Turn sound on or off. Autoplay button: Select a number of spins to auto play by selecting a value. Start and stop the Autoplay by pressing the spin button. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Banking button: Navigate to the Banking pages. Lobby button: Navigate back to the lobby. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Values are calculated initially by dividing the total payouts by the total bets from a simulation of numerous game rounds. Values reflect the maximum expected return and do not change. RTP: 94.19%. Last modification date: 12/6/2023