Dark Waters 2 Power Combo About this Game This is a 6 reel 4 row video slot game. This game has 4 096 Ways. It features money symbols, Bonus tokens, progression tokens, and Bonus spins with 3 different features Giant Reels, Stack Collect, and Golden Reels. General Way pays if the same symbols appear in succession in any position on adjacent reels, from the leftmost position to the rightmost position according to the PAYTABLE. Money symbols are not included in Way pays. Only the highest win per Way is paid. Simultaneous wins on different Ways are added. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except money symbols, token symbols, and Collect symbols. Wild symbols substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a Way according to the PAYTABLE. Wild symbols appear on all reels except reel 1, in both base game and Bonus spins. Money Symbols In the base game money symbols can appear on reels 1-5. In the Bonus spins, money symbols can appear anywhere on the reels. Each money symbol has a random value or prize assigned to it. The values are: 0.5x, 1x, 2x, 2.5x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, 9x, and 10x the current bet. The MINI prize awards 15x the current bet. The MINOR prize awards 40x the current bet. The MAJOR prize awards 200x the current bet. The MEGA prize awards 5000x the current bet. The MEGA prize can only be awarded once in a game round. Collect Symbols The Collect symbol exists only on reel 6 in the base game and Bonus Spins. When a Collect symbol lands, all money symbols landed in the same spin will have their respective values or prizes added up and awarded. Bonus Tokens The game has 3 different Bonus tokens. The Bonus tokens represent the Giant Reels, the Stack Collect and the Golden Reels features. Bonus tokens exist on all reels in both the base game and Bonus Spins. The graphical collection pots in the game are purely for visual entertainment purposes and, as such, do not influence the chance of awarding Bonus Spins. Progression Meter Giant Reels, Stack Collect, and Golden Reels features have 4 levels of progression. The game always starts with level 1. Progression Token Progression tokens can land on reels 2-5 in the base game only. It is possible to land only 1 progression token per spin. The progression token increases the progression meter by 1 for either Giant Reels, Stack Collect, or Golden Reels features randomly. The maximum level for each feature is 4. Bonus Spins Trigger Every time a Bonus token lands, there is a chance to trigger the Bonus Spins feature. If 2 different Bonus tokens land at the same time and trigger Bonus Spins, then both features are active in Bonus Spins. If 3 different Bonus tokens land at the same time and trigger Bonus Spins, then all 3 features are active in Bonus Spins. Bonus Spins Bonus Spins always starts with 10 Bonus Spins. Any time a non-active feature Bonus token lands, there is a chance to trigger the corresponding feature at its current progression level. Triggering another feature inside Bonus Spins awards +3 SPINS. Only 1 non-active feature can be activated per spin inside Bonus Spins. Any time a Bonus token representing an already active feature lands, +3 SPINS may be awarded. Progression tokens do not exist in the Bonus spins. Winnings are automatically collected during Bonus Spins. The last bet placed in the game is used as the Bonus Spins bet amount. When Bonus Spins ends, the progression meter will reset to level 1 for the corresponding feature or features triggered. Bonus Spins with Giant Reels feature Depending on the level the Bonus Spins was triggered, the reel area can expand from 6x4 up to 6x8 and increase the number of Ways to win from 4 096 up to 262 144 Ways. Level 1: reel area 6x5 - 15 625 Ways Level 2: reel area 6x6 - 46 656 Ways Level 3: reel area 6x7 - 117 649 Ways Level 4: reel area 6x8 - 262 144 Ways Bonus Spins with Stack Collect feature During the Bonus Spins, Collect symbols exist as stacked symbols. Level 1: 2 stacked Collect symbols Level 2: 3 stacked Collect symbols Level 3: 4 stacked Collect symbols Level 4: 5 stacked Collect symbols When multiple Collect symbols land, all money symbols landed in the same spin will have their respective values or prizes added up and awarded to the player once for each Collect symbol. Bonus spins with Golden Reels feature On each spin during the Bonus Spins, randomly selected reel or adjacent reels from reels 2-5 will contain only money symbols. The amount of reels containing only money symbols depends on the progression level when the Bonus Spins was triggered. Level 1: 1 Golden Reels Level 2: 2 Golden Reels Level 3: 3 Golden Reels Level 4: 4 Golden Reels Diamond Menu In the Diamond menu, different features could be acquired at a multiple of the current bet: Coin Burst feature for 15 times the current bet. 1 Kraken’s Choice feature is guaranteed for 30 times the current bet. 2 Kraken’s Choice feature is guaranteed for 70 times the current bet. 3 Kraken’s Choice feature is guaranteed for 150 times the current bet. Kraken Power Combo feature is guaranteed for 400 times the current bet. When activating Coin Burst, a base game spin is carried out with a higher probability of landing money symbols and a collect symbol. During a Coin Burst spin, only money symbols wins can be awarded. Buying any other options in the Diamond menu will not affect the progression meter in the base game. Buying 1 Kraken’s Choice will trigger one random Bonus Spins feature with a random progression level. Buying 2 Kraken’s Choice will trigger two random Bonus Spins features with random progression levels. Buying 3 Kraken’s Choice will trigger all Bonus Spins features with random progression levels. Buying Kraken Power Combo will trigger all Bonus Spins features at maximum progression levels. This menu or some of the options may not be available in the game you are playing. Options in this menu can only be used at any time a bet change can take place. Game Terms Translations The following list is only applicable in a language other than English POWER COMBO™ - POWER COMBO™ COLLECT - COLLECT WILD - WILD WAY / WAYS - WAY / WAYS MINI - MINI MINOR - MINOR MAJOR - MAJOR MEGA - MEGA BONUS SPINS - BONUS SPINS +3 SPINS - +3 SPINS BONUS - BONUS SPINS - SPINS GIANT REELS - GIANT REELS STACK COLLECT - STACK COLLECT GOLDEN REELS - GOLDEN REELS WIN OVER 5000X - WIN OVER 5000X GAME PREVIEW - GAME PREVIEW COIN BURST - COIN BURST KRAKEN’S CHOICE - KRAKEN’S CHOICE KRAKEN POWER COMBO - KRAKEN POWER COMBO DIAMOND - DIAMOND BIG WIN - BIG WIN MEGA WIN - MEGA WIN EPIC WIN - EPIC WIN JUST FOR THE WIN - JUST FOR THE WIN Game Controls Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Spin button: Start the game with the current bet size as displayed in the bet field. Pressing anywhere on the reels or the Spin button during a spin displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button: Select a number of spins to auto play by selecting a value. Start and stop the Autoplay by pressing the spin button. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Balance field: Displays the current account balance. Bet field: Displays the current bet size. Total and Win field: Displays the pay in a winning round. Game Menu Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Sound button: Turn sound on or off. Autoplay button: Select a number of spins to auto play by selecting a value. Start and stop the Autoplay by pressing the spin button. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Banking button: Navigate to the Banking pages. Lobby button: Navigate back to the lobby. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of additional game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired, the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Return to player for this game is : 94%. Last modification date: 12/16/2025