Divine Riches Diana About this Game Welcome to Divine Riches Diana. This is a 5 reel 4 row video slot game. This game has 30 lines. It features Divine Rewards, Free Spins with the Fortunes of Diana feature and Both Ways pay on Diana symbols. General Win on a line pays if the same symbol appears in succession on adjacent reels, from the leftmost position to the rightmost position according to the PAYTABLE. Diana symbols in a winning combination on adjacent reels pays left to right, beginning with the leftmost reel and right to left, beginning with the rightmost reel. Only the highest win per line from both ways is paid. Simultaneous wins on different lines are added. Wild symbols substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a line according to the PAYTABLE. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except Free Spins symbols. Divine Rewards Trigger Some symbols on the reels in the base game have a bonus token attached to them. Every time a bonus token lands there is a chance to trigger the Divine Rewards feature. The graphical collection area in the game is purely for visual entertainment purposes and as such does not influence the chance of awarding the Divine Rewards feature. The Divine Rewards feature cannot trigger on a spin that triggers the Free Spins feature. The Divine Rewards feature cannot trigger during the Free Spins feature. Divine Rewards In total, there are 12 selectable items. Pressing a selectable item will reveal a symbol. There are 4 types of symbols: Divine, Mega, Major and Big. Each symbol corresponds to one cash prize: 5000x bet, 200x bet, 40x bet, and 15x bet. Revealing 3 of the same symbol awards the corresponding cash prize according to the PAYTABLE. The Divine Rewards feature ends when a prize has been awarded. Free Spins If 3, 4, or 5 Free Spins symbols have landed anywhere on the reels, then 8, 12, or 16 Free Spins are awarded, respectively. The Free Spins includes the Fortunes of Diana feature After each spin, all Diana symbols that landed will be collected. When 12 Diana symbols have been collected, the Fortunes of Diana feature will be awarded. Any Diana symbols that were collected in addition to the 12 required will count towards the next Fortunes of Diana feature. The Free Spins end when there are no more Free Spins left. The last bet placed in the game is used as the Free Spins bet amount. Fortunes of Diana Any wins will be paid out before the Fortunes of Diana feature is awarded. The Fortunes of Diana feature will upgrade a symbol to the next more valuable symbol according to the PAYTABLE. Upgraded symbols will remain upgraded for the duration of Free Spins. Each time the Fortunes of Diana feature is triggered +2 Free Spins are awarded. Once all upgradable symbols have been upgraded to Diana symbols, no more Diana symbols will be collected. Game Terms Translations The following list is only applicable in a language other than English DIVINE RICHES DIANA - DIVINE RICHES DIANA FORTUNES OF DIANA - FORTUNES OF DIANA DIANA - DIANA DIVINE REWARDS - DIVINE REWARDS WILD / WILDS - WILD / WILDS FREE SPINS - FREE SPINS BIG - BIG MAJOR - MAJOR MEGA - MEGA DIVINE - DIVINE BIG WIN - BIG WIN MEGA WIN - MEGA WIN EPIC WIN - EPIC WIN JUST FOR THE WIN - JUST FOR THE WIN Game Controls Spin button: Start the game with the current bet size as displayed in the bet field. Pressing anywhere on the reels or the Spin button during a spin displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button: Select a number of spins to auto play by selecting a value. Start and stop the Autoplay by pressing the spin button. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Balance field: Displays the current account balance. Bet field: Displays the current bet size. Total and Win field: Displays the pay in a winning round. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Game Menu Menu button: Displays additional game options. Sound button: Turn sound on or off. Autoplay button: Select a number of spins to auto play by selecting a value. Start and stop the Autoplay by pressing the spin button. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Banking button: Navigate to the Banking pages. Lobby button: Navigate back to the lobby. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued Last modification date: 3/29/2023