Hades Lost Treasures About this Game This is a 5 reel 5 row video slot game. This game includes 3125 ways. Way wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the number of coins multiplied by the coin size. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the bet multiplier played. This game includes a bet multiplier of 20. The bet multiplier played is fixed. Way Rules This game includes 3125 ways. A way is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs across the reels. Way wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right only on adjacent reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other in this pattern. Only the highest win is awarded per matching symbol combination. This feature is available in the base game. Payout Rules Winning combination payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The total payout is the sum of all way wins resulting from a spin. The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. Disclaimer: The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Wild Symbols Wild symbols appear on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5 in the Base game. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Hades Scatter symbols. This symbol does not have a payout. Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. This symbol appears in base game only. Wild symbols have a chance to land with a random multiplier value up to 500x. In a single roll, if any Wild symbols with a multiplier are part of winning combinations, then the multiplier will be collected and added to the multiplier meter. All wins for that roll will be multiplier by the total multiplier value. The Multiplier Meter will reset to 1x on the next roll. Wilds with multiplier values that are not part of winning combinations are not collected. Rolling Reels™ Feature This feature triggers after any ways win. Winning symbols are removed from the reels and the symbols above move into the empty spaces. New symbols will roll in and if new winning combinations are formed, the feature triggers again. The feature continues until no winning combinations are present on the reels. This feature is available in base game only. Link&Win™ Hades Scatter symbol landing on reels 1, 3, and 5 in the base game triggers the Link&Win™ feature. The Link&Win™ feature awards multiplier values. The total winning value awarded is the total multiplier value won multiplied by the total bet. 3 random Link&Win™ symbols between 1x - 3x are initially awarded. The feature begins with 3 spins. All Link&Win™ symbols are held on the reels. Each position that is not held spins individually. All additional Link&Win™ symbols that land are held on the reels and spins are reset to 3. 25 Link&Win™ symbols award the maximum prize of 10 000x bet. Multiplier values range from 1x - 100x bet. The feature ends when no spins remain or when the maximum prize is awarded. Collect Link&Win™ symbols to unlock monster features. Monster feature unlock order is random at the start of each bonus. Collect 9 Link&Win™ symbols to unlock first monster feature. Collect 13 Link&Win™ symbols to unlock second monster feature. Collect 17 Link&Win™ symbols to unlock third monster feature. Collect 21 Link&Win™ symbols to unlock fourth monster feature. Hades symbol can appear on any spin. Awards 3x - 10x Adds 2x - 8x to 2 - 6 random Link&Win™ symbols. CYCLOPS Awards 2x - 8x Adds double the value of 2 - 5 random Link&Win™ symbols to itself. Adds its value to a random Link&Win™ symbol. CERBERUS Awards 2x - 8x Adds its value to 2 - 7 random Link&Win™ symbols. MINOTAUR Awards 2x - 8x Adds the value of 2 - 6 random Link&Win™ symbols to itself. MEDUSA Awards 3x - 10 Adds its value to all surrounding Link&Win™ symbols. At the end of the Link&Win™ bonus, the Hades Lost Treasures Pick feature begins. Choose 1 of 4 symbols to try and reveal the Golden Key. Revealing the Golden Key will award Hades Lost Treasures. 2, 4, 6, 8, 10, 12, 15, or 20 random Link&Win™ symbols are selected. Each selected Link&Win™ symbol will add 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 8x, 10x, 15x, 25x, 50x, or 100x to their current value. The same Link&Win™ symbol may be selected more than once. Buy Feature Press the Buy button to play the Link&Win™ feature. The Buy feature cost is 100x bet. Select a bet amount and then confirm your selection by pressing the Buy Button. Press the X button to cancel the Buy Feature option. Game Controls Buy Feature button: Displays the option to purchase the Link&Win™ feature. Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Spacebar: Pressing this keyboard button will start or stop a reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Play button: Continues the game. Fast Play button: toggles Fast Play on and off. Fast Play Active Indicator: Indicates when Fast Play is active. Bet button: Opens the Bet dialog. Bet Up button: Increases the current bet up to the next highest available bet. Bet Down button: Decreases the current bet down to the next lowest available bet. Max Bet button: Sets the current bet to the maximum value Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay start button: Starts Autoplay session. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Game Menu button: Displays the game settings and game payout table. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Sounds button: Toggle sounds on or off. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Lobby button: Exits the game. Banking button: Displays the banking page. Help button: Displays help and additional information. Game Menu System Menu button: Displays additional system options. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Return button: Returns to the game. Bet Settings Coin Size: Sets the coin value. Number of Coins: Sets the number of coins. Autoplay The Autoplay start button starts the Autoplay session based on your selected options. Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. If any condition is met to stop the session, all AutoPlay settings return to default. If you are disconnected, AutoPlay will stop. All AutoPlay settings return to default when the game is reloaded. Game Settings Intro Screen button: Toggle to turn the game Intro Screen on or off. Fast Play button: Toggle to turn Fast Play on or off to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Mute All Sounds button: Toggle to mute all game sounds. Background Music button: Toggle to turn background music on or off. Sound Effects button: Toggle to turn game sound effects on or off. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Last modification date: 5/8/2024