Ark of Ra About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Payline Rules A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. The number of paylines played is fixed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. This game includes 20 paylines. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed on each payline played. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the number of paylines played. Payout Rules Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins resulting from a spin. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Coin Collect Each base game reel has a Coin Meter located above the reel. Whenever a Coin lands on a base game reel it is added to the Coin Meter above the reel. Collecting 2 Coins in a Coin Meter triggers the Wild Reel feature on that reel. Coins are not collected on an active Wild Reel. Coin Meters persist for each bet level. Wild Symbols The Wild symbols can appear on any reel. Wild symbols are available during the base game and the Free Spins feature. Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except the Scatter symbol and the Coin symbols. Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wild Reel The Wild Reel feature makes all positions on a reel wild. Wild Reels are active for 2 wagered spins in base game. The Wild Reel feature is active for 1 to 3 random reels during Free Spins depending on player's choice. Free Spins Scatter symbols can appear on Wild Reels. Free Spins Free Spins Scatter symbols appear on reel 1, 3, and 5 only. 3 Free Spins Scatter symbols pay 2 times total bet and triggers Free Spins. A choice of three options are offered when entering Free Spins. Option 1: 2 Free Spins awarded with 3 Wild Reels. Option 2: 8 Free Spins awarded with 2 Wild Reels. Option 3: 25 Free Spins awarded with 1 Wild Reel. Depending on the player's selected Free Spins option, 1 to 3 reels become Wild Reels during Free Spins. Free Spins play out automatically. During Free Spins, 3 Free Spins Scatter symbols retrigger ongoing Free Spins option. The Free Spins Scatter symbol cannot be substituted by any Wild symbol. Free Spins Scatter wins are added to line wins. All bets played in Free Spins are the same as the spin that triggered the Free Spins. Game Controls Credits: Displays the current balances. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Max Bet button: Sets the current bet to the maximum value. Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. A click or tap on the reels stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Paytable button: Displays the game payout tables. Menu button: Displays the game settings. Autoplay This feature is available in base game only. Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Autoplay Settings Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. Bet Settings Bet Size: Sets the current bet value. Max Bet button: Sets the current bet to the maximum value. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. The win up to amounts displayed on payout tables are rounded off values, and are an approximate value of the highest win possible for the game. Last modification date: 9/1/2022