Tarzan General Your bet is dependent on the number of coins and coin size played. All payout tables display the number of coins or credits that are won for each combination. All payout table win amounts in PlayCheck are displayed in coins. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size bet. Only one regular winning combination is paid out per payline and you are paid out the value of the highest win. Only one scatter winning combination is paid out per spin and you are paid out the value of the highest win. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. If you have a winning combination, the win is highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. Regular symbols Matching symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, starting from the first slot reel. Regular payouts depend on your bet per payline. Wild symbol This symbol substitutes for other symbols to complete wins. This symbol does not substitute for the scatter symbol. This symbol creates a wild symbol stack. Scatter symbol This symbol does not need to appear on an enabled payline to win. This symbol cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. This symbol does not appear during the free spins. Scatter payouts depend on your total bet. Bonus Wheel bonus game You spin a wheel to win a multiplier value, a jackpot win amount or access to a bonus game. A wheel with segments is displayed. On each segment is a prize. The prizes are: Multiplier value Jackpot win amount Free spins Pick-A-Potamus bonus game Multiplier value The multiplier value awarded is multiplied by your total bet amount. The value of the multipliers on the wheel increases with the number of scatter symbols that activate the bonus game. After winning a multiplier value, you return to the regular slot game. The last bet you placed in the game is used as the bonus game bet amount. Jackpot win amount The jackpot win amount is displayed as a multiplier value. The multiplier value awarded is multiplied by your total bet amount. The value of the jackpot on the wheel increases with the number of scatter symbols that activate the bonus game. After winning the jackpot, you return to the regular slot game. The last bet you placed in the game is used as the bonus game bet amount. Free spins Any win activates the Rolling Reels™ feature. Winning symbol combinations are removed from the reels after you are paid out. If a winning combination results from the shifting symbols, you are paid out again. The symbols above the removed symbols shift position to fill the empty spaces. This process repeats itself, increasing your chances of winning without betting on another spin. The Growing Wilds™ feature is available during the free spins. The wild symbol stacks on all reels. The stack grows by one symbol per spin, starting from 4 symbols, until the stack reaches 15 symbols. The stacked wild symbol complete winning combinations. Free spins cannot be re-activated. The last bet you placed in the game is used as the free spins bet amount. Winnings are automatically collected during this feature. Pick-A-Potamus bonus game You choose objects to reveal random bonus win amounts. Behind each object is a random bonus win amount or Pop symbol. The game ends when the Pop symbol is chosen. The win amounts displayed in the bonus game are already multiplied by your total bet amount. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. The last bet you placed in the game is used as the bonus game bet amount. Paytable Achievements Tracks your win status by highlighting symbol combinations you have won. When you win all combinations for the same symbol it is highlighted. Achievements are permanently highlighted on the payout table, even after you exit the game. Regular game wins are logged as achievements. Wild symbol substitute wins are not logged as achievements. Free spins wins are not logged as achievements. Quick spin Quick spin increases the reel spin speed to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Tap Menu. Tap Settings. Tap quick spin Off. To disable quick spin, tap quick spin On. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing Configure my total bet Your total bet amount is the number of coins you bet per payline, multiplied by the number of paylines. Tap Menu. Tap Settings. Tap Coin Size and select a coin size. Tap Coins Per Line and select the number of coins. Change my bet amount Your total bet amount is the number of coins you bet per payline, multiplied by the number of paylines. Tap Bet and select the total number of coins or credits you want to bet per spin. The game you are playing may not have the option to bet in credits. Change from coins to credits You can change your balance, bet and win amounts to display in coins or credits. Tap Menu. Tap Settings. Tap Coins to convert to coins, or tap Credits to convert to credits. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 The overall theoretical return to player is 96.48%. Last modification date: 12/4/2020