The Bandit and the Baron About this Game l Welcome to The Bandit and the Baron. l This is a 5 reel 5 row video slot game. l This game has 25 lines. l It features Bandit Bonus, Bandit Respin, Baron Wild expanding Wild feature, and Buy Bandit Bonus. General l Win on a line pays if the same symbol appears in succession on adjacent reels, from the leftmost position to the rightmost position according to the PAYTABLE. l Only the highest win per line is paid. l Simultaneous wins on different lines are added. l The maximum cumulative total win in Bandit Bonus is capped at 25000X bet. l When the cap is reached the feature ends. Wild symbols l Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except Bandit Bonus symbols. l Wild symbols substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a line according to the PAYTABLE. l Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. l Wild symbols appear in base game only. l Any Wild symbols that land expand to fill the reel. l It is not possible to land Wilds and Bandit Bonus symbols on the same reel. Bandit Bonus l Landing 3 full or partial Bandit Bonus symbols trigger the Bandit Bonus feature. l Bandit Bonus symbols can only appear on reels 1, 3, and 5 in the base game. l The Bandit Bonus feature awards 3 spins. l Only 12 locked spaces and 13 blank spaces appear on the reels. l Bandit Bonus feature has 3 symbols: Cash symbols, Key symbols, and Upgrade symbols. l Each Cash symbol that lands resets the spin counter to 3. l Each Key symbol and Upgrade symbol that lands in an unlocked position resets the counter to 3. l Cash symbols that land anywhere on the reel area remain in place for the duration of the feature. l Each Cash symbol is allocated a random cash prize value. l The base cash prize values allocated are 1X, 2X, 3X, 5X, 8X, 10X, 25X bet. l Key symbols that land in a blank space unlocks a random locked space and activates the symbol, if any, inside it. l Upgrade symbols are allocated a random multiplier value. l The multiplier values allocated are X2, X3, X5, X10. l Upgrade symbols multiply all of the Cash symbols vertically or horizontally or both ways simultaneously according to the PAYTABLE. l The maximum cash symbol value is 25000X. l The feature ends when there are no more spins remaining, all positions are filled with Cash symbols, or the 25000X bet cap is reached. l Winnings from cash symbols inside unlocked positions are automatically collected at the end of the feature. l The last bet placed in the game is used as the Bandit Bonus bet amount. Bandit Respin l If 2 Bandit Bonus symbols land on 1, 3, or 5, Bandit Respin triggers. l In Bandit Respin, the reel without the Bandit Bonus symbol spins again. Buy Bandit Bonus l In the Buy Bandit Bonus feature, guaranteed Bandit Bonus can be purchased at a multiple of the current bet. l Bandit Bonus feature can be purchased for 100X the current bet. l When choosing the Buy Bandit Bonus feature, 3 Bandit Bonus symbols are placed on reels 1, 3, and 5. l Buy Bandit Bonus feature may not be available in the game you are playing. l Buy Bandit Bonus feature can only be used at any time a bet change can take place. Game Terms Translations l The following list is only applicable in a language other than English l THE BANDIT AND THE BARON - THE BANDIT AND THE BARON l BANDIT BONUS - BANDIT BONUS l BANDIT RESPIN - BANDIT RESPIN l BARON WILD - BARON WILD l BUY BANDIT BONUS - BUY BANDIT BONUS l LAST SPIN - LAST SPIN l WILD / WILDS - WILD / WILDS l BIG WIN - BIG WIN l MEGA WIN - MEGA WIN l EPIC WIN - EPIC WIN l JUST FOR THE WIN - JUST FOR THE WIN Game Controls l Autoplay settings: Select a number of spins to auto play by selecting a value. Start and stop the Autoplay by pressing the spin button. l Balance field: Displays the current account balance. l Bet field: Displays the current bet size. l Bet settings: Change the bet size by selecting a value. l Spin Button: Start the game with the current bet size as displayed in the bet field. Clicking or tapping anywhere on the reels during a spin displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. l Win field: Displays the pay in a winning round. l Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Game Menu l Advanced settings: Navigate to the Responsible Gaming pages. l Advanced settings: Open the Advanced Settings menu. l Advanced settings: Turn Quick Spin on or off. l Banking: Navigate to the Banking pages. l Lobby: Navigate back to the lobby. l Menu button: Displays additional game options. l Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. l Settings button: Displays the game settings. l Sound settings: Turn sound on or off. l Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Autoplay Settings l Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. l Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. l Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Return to Player l The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. l This value is fixed and does not change. l This game has an RTP of 96.09% with Buy Bandit Bonus. l This game has an RTP of 96.09% without Buy Bandit Bonus. Additional Information l Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. l Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 1/6/2022