Premier Joker Cash Spree About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. This game includes 20 fixed paylines. This game features Cash Spree™ which can be awarded in the base game and during the Free Spins feature. Payout Rules If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins, Cash Spree™ symbols, Wheel Bonus, Jackpots, Free Spins Feature and Free Spins symbol wins resulting from a spin. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Payline Rules A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. This game includes 20 fixed paylines. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the payline cost of 20. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the paylines played. Wild Symbol Wild symbol can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wild symbol can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. Wild symbol can substitute for all symbols except Special, Wheel, Extra Spins and Free Spins symbols. Wild symbol does not award cash values. Cash Spree™ Symbols Land Cash Spree™ symbols, starting on reels 1 and 2, to trigger the feature. Cash Spree™ symbols award cash values. Cash values appear on all reels. Higher cash values appear on reels 4 and 5. All Cash Spree™ symbols pay left to right on adjacent reels. Cash Spree™ symbol wins are added to payline wins. Jackpots There are 5 Jackpots. Each Jackpot appears above each reel. A Jackpot is awarded when a Wild is in a winning 5 of a kind line combination. The Jackpot awarded will be above the reel the with the Wild in the winning 5 of a kind combination. The Jackpot will be awarded for each winning 5 of a kind line combination that includes the Wild. A Jackpot will also be awarded when it is above the reel with a Wild in a winning 5 of a kind Cash Spree™ combination. Wheel Symbol Each Wheel symbol that appears may increase the Wheel Multiplier by 0.5x or award a chance to trigger the Wheel Bonus. Wheel Multiplier is displayed in the Wheel Multiplier Meter. Wheel symbol cannot appear on a Free Spins triggering spin. Wheel symbol cannot appear on Free Spins or Extra Spin symbols. Maximum Wheel Multiplier is 10x. Wheel Multiplier will reset to 1x after the Wheel Bonus is complete. Wheel symbol is only available in the base game. Wheel Bonus The Wheel Bonus awards 1 of 5 prizes. Prizes are Grand, Mega, Major, Minor and Mini. Prizes are divided into wedges. When the wheel stops, the wedge that the pointer points to is awarded. The awarded prize will be multiplied by the Wheel Multiplier earned during the base game. The graphical collection of the Wheel symbol is for visual entertainment and does not influence awarding the Wheel Bonus. This feature is available in base game only. The feature cannot trigger in conjunction with a Free Spins trigger. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered the feature. Extra Spin Feature The number of free spins is displayed in the Free Spins Meter. For each Extra Spin symbol that appears, the number of free spins will increase by 1. Extra Spin symbol cannot appear in conjunction with a Free Spins triggering spin. Extra Spin symbol cannot appear on Wheel or Free Spins symbols. Maximum number of free spins is 15. The number of Free Spins will reset to 5 after the Free Spins are complete. Extra Spin symbol is only available in the base game. Free Spins Symbol Free Spins symbol is Scatter. Free Spins symbols appear on reels 2, 3, and 4. 3 Free Spins symbols award 1x the Total Bet. Scatters pay in any position. Free Spins 3 Free Spins symbols scatter anywhere on the reels triggers Free Spins. The number of Free Spins in the Free Spins Meter will be awarded. Select the Spin button to start the Free Spins. Special symbols are available in the Free Spins. Special symbols only appear on reel 5. Collect 3 Special Symbols to change all High 1 symbols to Cash Spree™ symbols. Collect 6 Special Symbols to change all High 2 symbols to Cash Spree™ symbols. Collect 9 Special Symbols to change all High 3 symbols to Cash Spree™ symbols. Collect 12 Special Symbols to change all High 4 symbols to Cash Spree™ symbols. High Paying symbols change on the achieving spin. Evaluation will occur after the symbol change. Any symbol change will remain for the entire Free Spins. 3 Free Spins symbols scattered anywhere on the reels retriggers Free Spins. The number of free spins awarded on a retrigger is equal to the initial trigger. Wins awarded during this feature are added to base game wins. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. All lines played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Game Controls Credits: Displays the current balances. Bet: Sets the current bet value. Win: Displays the most recent win. Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Spacebar: Starts a reel spin. Spins are played at the current selected bet. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Spacebar during reel spin stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Selecting the game screen can stop the spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Spacebar during wheel spin stops the current wheel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Hold to Turbo Spin: Hold the spin button to enable Turbo Spin. Turbo Spin resolves spins as fast as possible and will start the next spin. Turbo Spin ends when the spin button is lifted. This does not influence the results of the spin. Hold spacebar to Turbo Spin: Hold the spacebar to enable Turbo Spin. Turbo Spin resolves spins as fast as possible and will start the next spin. Turbo Spin ends when the spacebar is lifted. This does not influence the results of the spin. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Home button: Exits the game. Help button: Displays help and additional information. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Spins are played at the current selected bet. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. This feature is available in base game only. Game Settings Quickspin: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Left-Handed Mode button: Enables left-handed mode. Music: Enables game music. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Startup Screen button: Enables game advertisement on game load. Bet Settings Bet Value buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Max Bet button: Sets the current bet to the maximum value. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued.