Gods and Pyramids Power Combo About this Game This is a 5 reel 4 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the payline cost of 20. Payline Rules This game includes 20 paylines, except when the Free Spins with Wild Boost™ is active. When the Free Spins with Wild Boost™ is active, 40 paylines are included. The number of paylines played cannot be adjusted. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Payout Rules Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins resulting from a spin. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The win over value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. Wild Symbols Wild symbols appear in all reels during the Base Game, Free Spin with Wild Boost™ and Increasing Multiplier feature. Wild symbols appear on reels 2, 3 and 4 during the Free Spins with Instant Collect feature. Wilds can substitute for all symbols except Scatters, Cash, Bonus, and Collect symbols. Wilds are super stacked in Free Spins with Wild Boost™. Scatter Symbols The game has 3 different coloured Scatter symbols: blue, red and purple. This symbol does not have a payout. Scatter symbols are not present during Free Spins containing the Instant Collect feature. The graphical collection of Scatter symbols in this game is purely for visual entertainment and as such does not influence triggering the features. Free Spins Each Scatter symbol can trigger its individual Free Spins feature. Different coloured Scatter symbols on the same spin can trigger Free Spins with combined features. Free Spins play out automatically. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Free Spins with Wild Boost™ The Blue Scatter can trigger Free Spins with Wild Boost™ feature. 5 Free Spins are awarded. This feature includes 40 paylines. There are 5 reels, 6 rows in this feature. During this feature, each spin a Wild Symbol is added to the reels. Wild Boost™ in Free Spins happens before any payline wins are awarded. Wilds is added to the reels to a maximum of 50 spins. Landing the Blue Scatter symbol during the feature, awards 1 or 2 additional Free Spins. When Red and/or Purple Scatter symbol land, the current Free Spins feature can become Free Spins with combined features. Free Spins with Instant Collect The Red Scatter can trigger 5 Free Spins with Instant Collect with a chance to win the Mega Bonus Prize. Collect Symbol appears on reel 1 only. Triggered Collect Symbol awards all landed Cash and Bonus symbols on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. The Bonus Meter displays the value of all Bonus Prizes. The Cash Prizes can be 0.5x to 25x total bet. Bonus Symbols Award 1 of 3 Bonus: Mega Bonus Prize 5000x Bet Major Bonus Prize 250x Bet Minor Bonus Prize 50x Bet Instant Collect Free Spins cannot be retriggered. This Free Spins feature cannot become Free Spins with combined features. All lines played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Free Spins with Increasing Multiplier The Purple Scatter can trigger Free Spins with the Increasing Multiplier feature. 5 Free Spins are awarded. On each spin an Increasing Multiplier is increased by 1x. Multiplier can be increased up to 20x. Landing the Purple Scatter symbol during the feature, awards 1 or 2 additional Free Spins. When Blue and/or Red Scatter symbol land, the current Free Spins feature can become Free Spins with combined features. All lines played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Free Spins with Combined Features Land Scatter combinations to trigger Free Spins with combined features, or upgrade current Free Spins with extra Free Spins and features. Combined Features are awarded with 5 Free Spins if triggered in the base game. Combined Free Spins are awarded with additional 2 Free Spins when triggered within a triggered Free Spin Feature. When the combined features are triggered during active Free Spins session, Free Spins with combined features are started immediately. The remaining spins of the active Free Spins are disregarded and set to the amount that the combined features can award. Buy Feature This feature is available in base game only. Activating this feature will instantly trigger the Free Spins feature. The price is calculated based on the amount of features selected (1, 2 or 3). Choose between 7 options: 30.1x current bet triggers Free Spins with Increasing Multiplier 34.9x current bet triggers Free Spins with Wild Boost™ 44.1x current bet triggers Free Spins with Instant Collect 105.8x current bet triggers Free Spins with Wild Boost™ and Increasing Multiplier 45.1x current bet triggers Free Spins with Increasing Multiplier and Instant Collect 60.5x current bet triggers Free Spins with Wild Boost™ and Instant Collect 132.1x current bet triggers Free Spins with Wild Boost™, Increasing Multiplier and Instant Collect The feature is played at the current bet. This feature is not available above a certain bet threshold. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Translation of Game Terms MEGA, Mega Bonus - Mega Bonus. MAJOR, Major Bonus - Major Bonus. MINOR, Minor Bonus - Minor Bonus. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Turbospin button: Enables Turbospin to resolve spins faster than Quick Spin. This does not influence the results of the Spin. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Bet controls: Increase or decrease the bet with the plus and minus symbols. Max Bet button: Sets the current bet to the maximum value. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Credits: Displays the current balances. Game Menu Menu button: Displays additional game options. Home button: Exits the game. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Banking button: Displays the banking page. Settings button: Displays the game settings including sound, spin speed and big win options. Discard button: Allows the player to discard a free game offer from the base game, if any. Game Settings Some settings and features may not be available in this game. All Sounds: Enable all game sounds. Music: Sets the game music volume. Sound FX: Sets the game Sound FX volume. Turbo Spin: Enables Turbospin to resolve spins faster than Quick Spin. This does not influence the result of the spin. Show Big Wins: Toggles big win animations on and off. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. This feature is available in base game only. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Number of Auto Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Stop on Big Win: Autoplay will stop on big win. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. In quick and turbo spin (where available), spins play out automatically at the increased speed selected. Start Autoplay: Starts the Autoplay session. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Values are calculated initially by dividing the total payouts by the total bets from a simulation of numerous game rounds. Values reflect the maximum expected return and do not change. RTP: 94.38%. RTP with Buy Free Spins with Increasing Multiplier: 94.27% RTP with Buy Free Spins with Wild Boost™: 94.16% RTP with Buy Free Spins with Instant Collect: 94.26% RTP with Buy Free Spins with Wild Boost™ and Increasing Multiplier: 94.13% RTP with Buy Free Spins with Increasing Multiplier and Instant Collect: 94.27% RTP with Buy Free Spins with Wild Boost™ and Instant Collect: 94.13% RTP with Buy Free Spins with Wild Boost™, Increasing Multiplier and Instant Collect: 94.16% Last modification date: 11/10/2023