Diamond Sands About this Game Welcome to Diamond Sands. This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. This game has 243 Ways. It features money symbols, Diamond Wheel, and Sunset Free Spins with a multiplier progression meter. General Way pays if the same symbols appear in succession in any position on adjacent reels, from the leftmost position to the rightmost position according to PAYTABLE. Only the highest win per Way is paid. Simultaneous wins on different Ways are added. In the base game and Sunset Free Spins, money symbols can appear anywhere on the reels. Money symbols connected in multiple Way wins are paid only once with their respective values added together, and the sum is the win awarded. Each money symbol is allocated a random cash prize value. Cash prize values for the money symbols range from 0.5x - 100x. Sunset Free Spins symbols only appear on reels 1, 3, and 5 in the base game. The maximum cumulative total win in the base game and all features is capped at 5000x bet. When the cap is reached the feature ends. Diamond Wheel Trigger Some symbols on the reels in the base game have a bonus token attached to them. Every time a bonus token lands there is a chance to trigger the Diamond Wheel feature. The graphical collection pot in the game is purely for visual entertainment purposes and as such does not influence awarding a cash prize. The Diamond Wheel feature cannot trigger on a spin that triggers the Sunset Free Spins feature. The Diamond Wheel feature cannot trigger during the Sunset Free Spins feature. Diamond Wheel Diamond Wheel awards one of the four guaranteed prizes. The possible prizes are BIG, MAJOR, MEGA, and DIAMOND. The BIG prize awards 20x the current bet. The MAJOR prize awards 50x the current bet. The MEGA prize awards 250x the current bet. The DIAMOND prize awards 5000x the current bet. The wheel will spin once, and when stopped, award a single wedge containing a prize. Sunset Free Spins 3 Sunset Free Spins symbols landing anywhere on reels 1, 3, and 5 award 10 Free Spins. Way wins, if any, are paid out before the feature begins. The Sunset Free Spins feature includes Collect symbols, Sunset Diamond symbols and a Free Spins multiplier progression meter. Sunset Free Spins starts with 4 Sunset Diamond symbols collected. Sunset Diamond symbols only appear on reels 1, 3, and 5 during the Sunset Free Spins. The Collect symbol can only appear on reel 5. When a Collect symbol lands, all money symbols landed in the same spin will have their respective values added up and awarded. The Free Spins multiplier progression meter is pided into five levels, each with their own multiplier. The levels are: x1, x2, x3, x5, and x25. Sunset Free Spins begins at a multiplier of x1. Higher levels are unlocked by collecting Sunset Diamond symbols. 4 Sunset Diamond symbols are needed to unlock the next multiplier level. Collected Sunset Diamond symbols are tracked on the Free Spins multiplier progression meter. Unlocking a level will award 5 extra Free Spins when activated. An unlocked level becomes active when the current level is completed. The Sunset Free Spins continues until all unlocked levels have played out. All Way wins and money symbol wins are multiplied by the currently active multiplier. Winnings are automatically collected during Sunset Free Spins. The last bet placed in the game is used as the Sunset Free Spins bet amount. Game Terms Translations The following list is only applicable in a language other than English DIAMOND SANDS - DIAMOND SANDS WAY / WAYS - WAY / WAYS COLLECT - COLLECT DIAMOND WHEEL - DIAMOND WHEEL BIG - BIG MAJOR - MAJOR MEGA - MEGA DIAMOND - DIAMOND SUNSET - SUNSET FREE SPINS - FREE SPINS SUNSET DIAMOND - SUNSET DIAMOND BIG WIN - BIG WIN MEGA WIN - MEGA WIN EPIC WIN - EPIC WIN JUST FOR THE WIN - JUST FOR THE WIN Game Controls Spin button: Start the game with the current bet size as displayed in the bet field. Pressing anywhere on the reels or the Spin button during a spin displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button: Select a number of spins to auto play by selecting a value. Start and stop the Autoplay by pressing the spin button. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Balance field: Displays the current account balance. Bet field: Displays the current bet size. Total and Win field: Displays the pay in a winning round. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Game Menu Menu button: Displays additional game options. Sound button: Turn sound on or off. Autoplay button: Select a number of spins to auto play by selecting a value. Start and stop the Autoplay by pressing the spin button. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Banking button: Navigate to the Banking pages. Lobby button: Navigate back to the lobby. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Values reflect the average expected return and do not change. Values are calculated initially by piding the total possible payouts by the total possible outcomes that are available within the game. Additional Information Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 6/28/2023