Stellar 7s About this Game This is a 5 reel, 4 row video slot game. This game has 30 lines. It features Free Spins and Super Free Spins with progressive multipliers, Gold Bonus Game, Wild Stellar 7s and Gold Bars. General Line wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right only on adjacent reels according to the PAYTABLE. Only the highest win per line is paid. Multiple wins can be awarded per spin. It is not possible to trigger the Gold Bonus Game within Free Spins and Super Free Spins. Gold Bonus Game and Free Spins of any type cannot trigger simultaneously. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Wild Symbols Wild Symbols substitute for all symbols except Free Spins Symbols, Super Free Spins Symbols and Stellar 7s Token Symbols. Wild Symbols substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a line according to the PAYTABLE. Wild Symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. Stellar 7s Token Symbols Collection Stellar 7s Token Symbols appear in the base game. Each reel has a 777 Holder located above it. Each Stellar 7s Token that lands is added to its respective 777 Holder. Collect 3 Stellar 7s Token Symbols to activate the Wild Stellar 7s feature on that reel. Stellar 7s Token Symbols do not appear on active Wild Stellar 7s reels. 777 Holders, Wild Stellar 7s and remaining reels persist for each bet level. Wild Stellar 7s Activate the Wild Stellar 7s in the base game, Free Spins and Super Free Spins. Wild Stellar 7s add expanding sticky Wilds to the reel while active. When Wild Stellar 7s is activated in the base game, on the next spin a Wild 7s Symbol is placed on the top position of the triggering reel. On every subsequent spin, the Wild 7s Symbol expands down 1 position on the reel. Once the Wild 7s Symbol has expanded to the bottom position, the feature ends and the Wild 7s is removed on the following spin. Free Spins Symbols are visible through the Wild 7s. Trigger Free Spins, Super Free Spins and Gold Bonus Game during Wild Stellar 7s. Gold Bonus Game Trigger Collecting 1 or more Gold Bars scattered on screen gives a random chance at triggering the Gold Bonus Game feature. The Gold Bars can only appear on mid symbols on all reels in the base game. Only the Gold Bars collected on the current spin contribute to the chance of triggering Gold Bonus Game. The graphical collection pot in the game is purely for visual entertainment purposes and as such does not influence awarding the Gold Bonus Game. If Free Spins or Super Free Spins triggers and Gold Bars are collected simultaneously, only the Free Spins or Super Free Spins feature plays out. Gold Bonus Game There are 4 types of symbols: Mini, Minor, Major and Mega. Pressing a selectable item will reveal a symbol. Revealing 3 of the same symbol awards the corresponding cash prize according to the PAYTABLE. The Gold Bonus Game feature ends when a prize has been awarded. Free Spins Free Spins symbols appear anywhere on reels 2, 3 and 4 only in the base game. Land 3 Free Spins symbols to trigger an indefinite number of Free Spins. Free Spins begins with a multiplier of x1. After every spin, the multiplier increases by 1. Every individual win in Free Spins is multiplied by the current multiplier. At the start of Free Spins, Wild Stellar 7s feature is active on reel 3, starting from the top reel position. Land a regular Wild on any reel to trigger Wild Stellar 7s. Wild Stellar 7s start from the same reel position as the triggering Wild. Regular Wilds do not appear on active Wild Stellar 7s reels. The feature ends when Wild 7s are no longer present on the visible reel area. All bets and lines played are the same as the spin that triggered the feature. Super Free Spins Collection Land 2 Free Spins symbols in the base game to add 1 point to the Super Free Spins upgrade meter. Landing more than 2 Free Spins symbols will not contribute any points to the Super Free Spins upgrade meter. Collect 20 points to upgrade Free Spins to Super Free Spins. The next time 3 Free Spins symbols land, Super Free Spins will be triggered instead of Free Spins. The Super Free Spins upgrade meter cannot collect more than 20 points. The Super Free Spins upgrade meter persists for each bet level. Super Free Spins Super Free Spins begins with a multiplier of x5. After every spin, the multiplier increases by 1. At the start of Super Free Spins, Wild Stellar 7s feature is active on reels 2 and 4, starting from the top reel position. When the feature ends, the Super Free Spins upgrade meter is reset to 0. Game Terms Translations The following list is only applicable in a language other than English FREE SPINS - FREE SPINS SUPER FREE SPINS - SUPER FREE SPINS MULTIPLIER / MULTIPLIERS - MULTIPLIER / MULTIPLIERS MULTI - MULTI 30 LINES - 30 LINES WILD / WILDS - WILD / WILDS STELLAR 7S TOKEN - STELLAR 7S TOKEN WILD STELLAR 7S - WILD STELLAR 7S WILD 7 / WILD 7S - WILD 7 / WILD 7S GOLD BONUS - GOLD BONUS GOLD BAR / GOLD BARS - GOLD BAR / GOLD BARS GOLD BONUS GAME - GOLD BONUS GAME BIG WIN - BIG WIN MEGA WIN - MEGA WIN EPIC WIN - EPIC WIN JUST FOR THE WIN - JUST FOR THE WIN MEGA - MEGA MAJOR - MAJOR MINOR - MINOR MINI - MINI Game Controls Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Spin button: Start the game with the current bet size as displayed in the bet field. Pressing anywhere on the reels or the Spin button during a spin displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button: Select a number of spins to auto play by selecting a value. Start and stop the Autoplay by pressing the spin button. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Balance field: Displays the current account balance. Bet field: Displays the current bet size. Total and Win field: Displays the pay in a winning round. Game Menu Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Sound button: Turn sound on or off. Autoplay button: Select a number of spins to auto play by selecting a value. Start and stop the Autoplay by pressing the spin button. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Banking button: Navigate to the Banking pages. Lobby button: Navigate back to the lobby. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Values are calculated initially by dividing the total payouts by the total bets from a simulation of numerous game rounds. Values reflect the maximum expected return and do not change. RTP: 94.15%. Last modification date: 10/3/2023