American Gold 3x 2x Victory About this Game This is a 3 reel, 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Payline Rules This game includes 9 paylines. The number of paylines played is fixed. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the bet multiplier. The bet multiplier is 10. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by 10. Payout Rules Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins resulting from a spin. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Wild Symbols 3x Wild symbol 2x Wild symbol 1x Wild symbol These symbols are Wild symbols. Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wild symbols do not substitute for other Wild symbols. 1x Wild symbols can appear on reels 1 and 3 and can be stacked. 2x Wild symbols and 3x Wild symbols can appear on reel 2. A combination of 2x Wild and 3x Wild symbols can be stacked on the reel as 2x Wild, 3x Wild, 2x Wild. All line wins with one or more 1x Wild symbols on the payline are multiplied 1x. All line wins with a 2x Wild symbol on the payline are multiplied 2x. All line wins with a 3x Wild symbol on the payline are multiplied 3x. Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. All line wins with 3 Wild symbols on the payline, including a 2x Wild symbol award 500x the bet. All line wins with 3 Wild symbols on the payline, including a 3x Wild symbol award 1 000x the bet. Wild symbols can stack and can blackout the reels. Blackouts occur when any Wild symbols fill all the reels. Blackouts award all paylines at the current bet. Jackpot Pick Game All Wild symbols that land on a payline are collected. On each spin, any collected Wild could trigger the feature. Once triggered, 12 items are shown facedown. Each item is associated with 1 of the 4 jackpots. Select an item to reveal its associated jackpot. When 3 matching items are revealed, the corresponding jackpot is awarded and the feature ends. Auto Pick option randomly selects items without player interaction, and can be stopped at any time. Jackpot prizes are scaled by the total bet. The graphical collection pot in the game is purely for visual entertainment and as such does not influence awarding a jackpot. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. A bet amount must be set before starting the Autoplay session, as Autoplay plays with the last bet value. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Triggering any feature will stop Autoplay. This feature is available in base game only. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Until stop: Set the session to play until you select to stop. This does not influence the results of the spin. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Hold the Spin button: Displays Autoplay options. AutoPlay Stop button: Displays the number of spins remaining and can stop the session. This does not influence the results of the spin. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Quickspin button: Disables Quickspin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Exit button: Exits the game. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Return button: Returns to the game. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Help button: Displays help and additional information. Game History button: Displays game win history information. Banking button: Displays the banking page. Lobby button: Exits the game. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Spin Button Position button: Repositions spin button location. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Sounds: Disables game sounds. Loyalty Transaction History Player Protection Responsible Gaming Discard Game Settings The Settings panel provides access to multiple game settings. Credits: Displays the current balances. The balance is displayed in currency and is available in the console bar. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Bet Amount: Sets the current bet value. Bet Value buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Max Bet button: Sets the current bet to the maximum value. Win: Displays the most recent win. Once the reels stop, winning combinations are highlighted. The win amount is displayed in the win box. Music: Enables game music. All Sounds setting controls all sounds, including game and background sounds. Game Sounds setting controls console and spin sounds, as well as sounds for winning combinations and sequences. (Only enabled if All Sounds is ON.) Background Music setting controls background music. (Only enabled if All Sounds is ON.) Spacebar: Pressing this keyboard button starts or stops a spin. This does not influence the result of the spin. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. This feature is only available in selected games. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Last modification date: 7/1/2025