Bar Slot About Bar Slot Bar Slot is a five reel, fixed five payline slot machine including: Regular symbols Wild symbol Special symbol Free spins bonus feature Game Rules General Press Total Bet or use the arrows at the side of the box to increase or decrease the bet per spin. The total bet is shown at all times and this is what will be debited from your balance for each spin. This game does not use Coins. All payout tables display the winnings that are won for each combination. Winning combinations pay from left to right and amounts are accordingly calculated as a multiplier of the bet per line. Only one regular winning combination is paid out per payline and you are paid out the value of the highest win. If you have a winning combination, the win is highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. Wilds appear on reels 3, 4 and 5 and substitute for other symbols, except Special symbol. Special symbol appears only in free spins on reels 1-5 and awards a win in the amount of which triggered the free spins. On mobile you can hold down the Spin button for quick spins. During autoplay, you can click on the 2 triangles on the Spin button to skip any animations on that spin. Malfunction Voids all Pays and Plays. During any spin the game may randomly award you 100 Rollercoaster spins. These spins will be played at the triggering bet level and it is possible to re-trigger additional spins and/or any bonus features within the game. Regular Symbols Matching symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. Regular winning combinations pay out from left to right. Wild Symbol This symbol substitutes for other symbols, except Special symbol to complete wins. A drink symbol line win with a Wild triggers 5 free spins. Special Symbol This symbol appears only in free spins, on reels one to five. Every time this symbol lands, the player is paid the win amount which triggered free spins. Free Spin Bonus Feature When the free spins are activated, the triggering win amount is displayed on screen. A Special symbol is added on the reels in free spins and each time it lands the trigger win is paid. If the trigger win is improved in free spins, the new value is recorded and paid out for each Special symbol. Every Wild that lands in free spins awards an extra free spin. Free spins can be re-triggered by getting a drink symbol win line with a Wild. Each retrigger awards an additional 5 free spins Winnings are automatically collected during this feature. In the event of a drink symbol win line with a Wild and any additional Wild symbol on the reels, only 5 additional free spins are awarded. Game Controls Item Description Total Bet Display your current bet per spin. Click the arrows (up or down) to change the bet amount or click on the amount to select the bet manually. Balance box Display your balance. Win box Display your win after a winning spin and winning lines. Last Win box Display your last win. Spin button Starts the game. Stop Button(wherever applicable): Display the result of your spin quicker. This does not influence the result of the spin. Autoplay Button Open the Autoplay menu allowing setting up your settings and using Auto Spins feature. Settings Button Allow to changein-game settings (audio volume, music, turbo spins). Menu Button Opens game information about paylines, payouts, special features and game rules. Some settings (Turbo) may not be available based on country. Game Settings You can change your game play and sound settings. Click Settings. Choose the required settings. Close the window to return to game. Available settings: Audio volume Adjust the volume of in-game audio or turn it off completely. Sound effects Adjust the volume of in-game sound effects or turn them off completely. Music Adjust the volume of in-game music or turn it off completely. Turbo(Wherever applicable) Adjust the speed of the reels. This does not change the result of the spins. Some settings (Turbo) may not be available based on country. Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed, and does not change. This game has an RTP of 96.55%. The maximum win from a single game is €255,000.