Diamond Inferno Wild Symbol The Wild symbol is a wild symbol. The Wild symbol can substitute for all symbols except the Scatter symbol. Scatter Symbol 3 Scatter symbols in the active play area trigger the scatter pay. Scatter symbols appear on reels 2, 3, and 4 only. Scatter symbol pays are determined by the Scatter symbol positions on reels 2, 3, and 4 in the active play area. Each Scatter symbol pays out individually. A Scatter symbol on row 6, the top row, has a pay of 20 multiplied by the total bet and the win multiplier. A Scatter symbol on row 5 has a pay of 10 multiplied by the total bet and the win multiplier. A Scatter symbol on row 4 has a pay of 6 multiplied by the total bet and the win multiplier. A Scatter symbol on row 3 has a pay of 4 multiplied by the total bet and the win multiplier. A Scatter symbol on row 2 has a pay of 2 multiplied by the total bet and the win multiplier. A Scatter symbol on row 1 has a pay of 1 multiplied by the total bet and the win multiplier. Scatter symbol wins are added to line wins. In the event of a Scatter symbol win and a line win, both wins are paid out, as the Scatter symbol does not need to appear on a payline to win. Scatter symbols cannot be substituted by the Wild symbols. Free Respins Any win grants a free respin. All bets played in Free Respins are the same as the spin that triggered the Free Respins. Expanding Reels The playable game area is 5 reels by 6 rows. The active play area begins with the bottom 3 rows. The active play area begins with 20 available lines. The active play area expands upwards by 1 row after any win. The active play area will expand before the free respin is awarded. With each new row, 10 more lines become available. The maximum active play area is 6 rows. Wins are only eligible in the active play area. Multiplier Trail The Multiplier Trail is triggered after the maximum active play area is unlocked. A win multiplier is applied to all wins. The win multiplier is increased with each free respin. The win multiplier starts at 1 and continues to 2, 3, 5, and 10 with each free respin. The maximum win multiplier is 10 Line Payouts With each wager, only 20 lines are initially available. Winnings paid out for a payline are dependent on the symbols displayed on the payline, once the reels have come to a stop. Line wins are calculated by multiplying the line combination payout by the line bet. The line bet is total bet divided by 0.20 The symbols must be next to each other on a payline to produce a winning line combination. Payline winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, a winning payline combination must start with the leftmost payline position and continue on adjacent positions on the payline. Line wins are paid out only on the highest paying combination on each line. At most 1 winning combination is paid out per payline. Only the available lines can produce a winning line combination. You are paid the total of all payline wins that land on a spin. Game Payouts Winnings paid out on the slot machine are dependent on the symbols displayed in the reel area, once the reels have come to a stop. All payout tables display the number of credits that are won for each winning combination. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Icons Main Menu Return Decrement Increment Bet Quick Spin Mute / Unmute Responsible Gaming Player Protection Loyalty Game History Transaction History Banking Settings Paytable / Information Help Files Lobby Discard Some of these options may not be available in your location. Playing the Game Click spin to start spinning the reels. Click stop or click on the reels to stop the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Tap stop or tap on the reels to stop the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form winning combinations. The payout is dependent on the winning combinations formed. Your balance is displayed in credits and is available in the console bar. Select your bet by tapping the Bet icon or the Bet area. Select your bet through the Main Menu or on the console bar. Tap spin to start spinning the reels. If enabled in Settings, you may press spacebar to spin. Once the reels stop, wins are highlighted if you have a winning combination. You are paid out the win amount as displayed in the win box. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is completed and you can play again. Bet Selection Select your bet on the console bar with the Increment and Decrement icons, or by clicking the bet area. You can also select your bet from the Main Menu using the Bet icon. Select your bet by tapping Bet in the console bar or by tapping the Bet icon. Settings The Settings panel provides access to multiple game settings. Some settings may not be available in your location. To access the Settings panel, open the Main Menu and select the Settings icon. You can choose which settings to turn on or off. Intro Screen setting displays the intro screen at startup. Show Tutorial at Startup setting displays the tutorial on launching the game. Quick Spin setting increases the speed of the slot reel spin. All Sounds setting controls all sounds, including game and background sounds. Game Sounds setting controls console and spin sounds, as well as sounds for winning combinations and sequences. (Only enabled if All Sounds is ON.) Background Music setting controls background music. (Only enabled if All Sounds is ON.) Spacebar to Spin setting allows you to spin the reels using your computer's spacebar. Autoplay Using Autoplay, you can spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game. A bet amount must be set before starting the Autoplay session, as Autoplay plays with the last bet value. Autoplay can be stopped at any time. This does not influence the results of the spin. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. The theoretical return to player (RTP) is 96.19% Last modification date: 11/3/2020