Aureus About Aureus™ Aureus™ is a slot game with a gameboard consisting of 7 columns, with 5 symbol rows each. > 1 High Opening Bracket 1 High Closing Bracket 2 High Opening Bracket 2 High Closing Bracket 3 High Opening Bracket 3 High Closing Bracket High Credit Coin Medium Credit Coin Low Credit Coin 2X Multiplier Coin • 3X Multiplier Coin • 4X Multiplier Coin 5X Multiplier Coin Upgrade Coin Collect Column Coin Collect All Coin Respin Coins Lightning Feature Aureus™ Respins Game Rules General The base game includes a gameboard consisting of 7 columns, with 5 symbol rows each. Featuring: COINVERGE™ - Land brackets and collect coins! Match an opening bracket with its corresponding closing bracket on the same row of the gameboard to activate a collection area between the brackets. Multiple collection areas can be activated on any spin. All coins inside the collection areas are awarded. Special collection areas are awarded by collecting special coins. Credit prizes are multiplied by the bet multiplier of the winning game. Your bet multiplier is equal to the number of credits played divided by 0.20. For example, 0.40 credits bet per spin = 0.40 / 0.20 = a bet multiplier of 2. All credit prize amounts in PlayCheck are displayed in coins. Winning collection areas are highlighted on the gameboard. If you do not have a winning collection area, the game is over and you may play again. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. 1 High Opening Bracket This symbol creates a collection area by matching with the 1 High Closing bracket. This symbol appears in columns 1, 3, and 5 only. 1 High Closing Bracket This symbol creates a collection area by matching with the 1 High Opening bracket. This symbol appears in columns 3, 5, and 7 only. 2 High Opening Bracket This symbol creates a collection area by matching with the 2 High Closing bracket. This symbol appears in columns 1, 3, and 5 only. 2 High Closing Bracket This symbol creates a collection area by matching with the 2 High Opening bracket. This symbol appears in columns 3, 5, and 7 only. 3 High Opening Bracket This symbol creates a collection area by matching with the 3 High Closing bracket. This symbol appears in columns 1, 3, and 5 only. 3 High Closing Bracket This symbol creates a collection area by matching with the 3 High Opening bracket. This symbol appears in columns 3, 5, and 7 only. High Credit Coin Collecting this coin awards a high credit prize. This symbol appears in columns 2, 4, and 6 only. Medium Credit Coin Collecting this coin awards a medium credit prize. This symbol appears in columns 2, 4, and 6 only. Low Credit Coin Collecting this coin awards a low credit prize. This symbol appears in columns 2, 4, and 6 only. 2X Multiplier Coin Collecting this coin multiplies credit prizes in the collection areas by 2. This symbol appears in columns 2, 4, and 6 only. 3X Multiplier Coin Collecting this coin multiplies credit prizes in the collection areas by 3. This symbol appears in columns 2, 4, and 6 only. 4X Multiplier Coin Collecting this coin multiplies credit prizes in the collection areas by 4. This symbol appears in columns 2, 4, and 6 only. 5X Multiplier Coin Collecting this coin multiplies credit prizes in the collection areas by 5. This symbol appears in columns 2, 4, and 6 only. Upgrade Coin Collecting this coin upgrades all low and medium credit coins to high credit coins, and awards an additional high credit coin. This symbol appears in columns 2, 4, and 6 only. Collect Column Coin Collecting this coin adds all coins within the column in which it lies to the active collection area for the current spin. This symbol appears in columns 2, 4, and 6 only. Collect All Coin Collecting this coin adds all coins within the gameboard to the active collection area for the current spin. This symbol appears in columns 2, 4, and 6 only. Respin Coins Collecting these coins award 2, 3, or 5 respins. This symbol appears in columns 2, 4, and 6 only. Lightning Feature The Lightning Feature is randomly triggered. The feature adds an opening bracket on the same row as a closing bracket creating an active collection area. The feature is complete after all coins in the active collection area have been awarded. The feature bet multiplier is determined by the bet multiplier of the feature-triggering game. Credit prizes are multiplied by the feature bet multiplier. Feature wins are added to regular wins. Aureus™ Respins The Aureus™ Respins are triggered by collecting a Respin coin in any active collection area. Respins can be retriggered for a maximum of 8 respins. Coins inside the collection areas are awarded and repopulated with new coins for the given number of respins. Special collection areas added by the Collect Column and Collect All Coins do not persist between respins. The respin bet multiplier is determined by the bet multiplier of the respin-triggering game. Credit prizes are multiplied by the game respin bet multiplier. Respin wins are added to regular wins. The respins are complete after the final respin occurs. Paytable Achievements Feature This feature tracks which coins you have been awarded. Coins must be in active collection areas to be logged as achievements. Achievements are highlighted on the payout table with a check mark. Game Controls Item Description Bet Size box Displays your bet options. • Select (up arrow) or (down arrow) to select the total amount you want to bet. Balance box Displays your balances. Win box Displays your most recent win. Spin button Starts the game. This can be triggered by the spacebar if it is available. Stop button Displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. This can be triggered by the spacebar if it is available. Menu button Displays the game settings and game paytable. SETTINGS Toggle sounds, left-hand console mode, and background motion (these options may not be available). PAYTABLE Displays the game payout tables. Scroll up and down to browse the payout tables. TUTORIAL Displays the game tutorial. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. RESPONSIBLE GAMING Displays Responsible Gaming. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Item Description AutoPlay button Displays the AutoPlay options where you can select to spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game. Select AutoPlay and select the number of spins you want to play and the stop options. Tell me more about AutoPlay QuickSpin button QuickSpin increases the reel spin speed to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Turn QuickSpin on and off. X button Closes the game. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed, and does not change. This game has an RTP of 96.00%. The maximum win from a single game is 194,496. Last modification date: 3/4/2021