Amazing Catch About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. This game has 243 Ways. It features money symbols, Super Wheel, and Free Spins with a multiplier progression meter. General Way pays if the same symbols appear in succession in any position on adjacent reels, from the leftmost position to the rightmost position according to PAYTABLE. Only the highest win per Way is paid. Simultaneous wins on different Ways are added. In the base game and Free Spins, money symbols can appear anywhere on the reels. Money symbols connected in multiple Way wins are paid only once with their respective values added together, and the sum is the win awarded. Each money symbol is allocated a random cash prize value. Cash prize values for the money symbols range from 0.5x - 100x. Free Spins symbols only appear on reels 1,3, and 5 in the base game. The maximum cumulative total win in the base game and all features is capped at 5000x bet. When the cap is reached the feature completes. Super Wheel Trigger Some symbols on the reels in the base game have a bonus token attached to them. Every time a bonus token lands there is a chance to trigger the Super Wheel feature. The graphical collection pot in the game is purely for visual entertainment purposes and as such does not influence awarding a cash prize. The Super Wheel feature cannot trigger on a spin that triggers the Free Spins feature. The Super Wheel feature cannot trigger during the Free Spins feature. Super Wheel Super Wheel awards one of the four guaranteed prizes. The possible prizes are BIG, MAJOR, MEGA, and SUPER. The BIG prize awards 20x the current bet. The MAJOR prize awards 50x the current bet. The MEGA prize awards 250x the current bet. The SUPER prize awards 5000x the current bet. The wheel will spin once, and when stopped, award a single wedge containing a prize. Free Spins Free Spins symbols landing anywhere on reels 1, 3, and 5 award 10 Free Spins. Way wins, if any, are paid out before the feature The Free Spins feature includes Collect symbols, Golden Lure symbols and a Free Spins multiplier progression meter. Free Spins starts with 4 Golden Lure symbols collected. Golden Lure symbols only appear on reels 1, 3, and 5 during the Free Spins. The Collect symbol can only appear on reel 5. When a Collect symbol lands, all money symbols landed in the same spin will have their respective values added up and awarded. The Free Spins multiplier progression meter is pided into five levels, each with their own multiplier. The levels are: x1, x2, x3, x5, and x25. Free Spins begins at a multiplier of x1. Higher levels are unlocked by collecting Golden Lure symbols. Golden Lure symbols are needed to unlock the next multiplier Collected Golden Lure symbols are tracked on the Free Spins multiplier progression meter. Unlocking a level will award 5 extra Free Spins when activated. An unlocked level becomes active when the current level is completed. The Free Spins feature continues until all unlocked levels have played out. All Way wins and money symbol wins are multiplied by the currently active multiplier. Winnings are automatically collected during Free Spins. The last bet placed in the game is used as the Free Spins bet amount. Game Terms Translations The following list is only applicable in a language other than English WAY / WAYS - WAY / WAYS COLLECT - COLLECT SUPER WHEEL - SUPER WHEEL BIG - BIG MAJOR - MAJOR MEGA - MEGA SUPER - SUPER FREE SPINS - FREE SPINS GOLDEN LURE - GOLDEN LURE BIG WIN - BIG WIN MEGA WIN - MEGA WIN EPIC WIN - EPIC WIN JUST FOR THE WIN - JUST FOR THE WIN Game Controls Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Spin button: Start the game with the current bet size as displayed in the bet field. Pressing anywhere on the reels or the Spin button during a spin displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button: Select a number of spins to auto play by selecting a value. Start and stop the Autoplay by pressing the spin button. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Balance field: Displays the current account balance. Bet field: Displays the current bet size. Total and Win field: Displays the pay in a winning round. Game Menu Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Sound button: Turn sound on or off. Autoplay button: Select a number of spins to auto play by selecting a value. Start and stop the Autoplay by pressing the spin button. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Banking button: Navigate to the Banking pages. Lobby button: Navigate back to the lobby. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Values are calculated initially by piding the total payouts by the total bets from a simulation of numerous game rounds. Values reflect the maximum expected return and do not change. RTP: 94.11%. Last modification date: 10/25/2023