Whack the Bell TapNCash About this Game The goal is to whack the pin into the bell at the top of the tower, revealing your prizes. The game consists of 17 prize nodes and 1 bonus node. Hitting the bell reveals 2 - 10 nodes at random. Prize nodes award you with cash prizes. The Bonus node awards you with free plays. The amounts shown in prize nodes are calculated off of your bet value. Free Plays You will receive a 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, or 10x multiplier. Free plays can be won by revealing the bonus node in the base game. At the start of the feature you will be awarded a random number of free plays and a random multiplier. You will receive 6, 8, 10, or 12 free plays. The game will automatically play out the number of free plays you received and, during these free plays, all prize nodes will be multiplied by the multiplier you received. You will return to the base game at the end of free plays. During free plays the bonus node will be replaced by a prize node. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Free plays cannot be retriggered during free plays. Free plays are played at the bet selected when the bonus feature is triggered. Free plays awarded will play out automatically. Autoplay Autoplay can be activated using the Autoplay button on the console. Autoplay can be stopped at any time. You can select the number of games you want to play. You can then start Autoplay. Autoplay allows a selected number of rounds to play out automatically. The number of games remaining in your Autoplay session is displayed. Autoplay rounds are played at the current selected bet. Autoplay ends when the selected number of rounds have played out. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Game Menu Home button: Exits the game. Banking button: Displays the banking page. Sound Effects: Switches sound On/Off. Feature Screen: Switches the Feature Screen On/Off. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Music: Switches music On/Off. Information button: Displays game information. Game Controls Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Autoplay button: Opens the Autoplay menu. Bet button: Opens the bet menu to adjust your bet value. Win: Displays your latest win. Bet: Displays the current bet. Balance: Displays your current balance. Play button: Starts a round. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Help button: Displays help and additional information. Free Games Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. After a player selects a Free Game offer, they may choose how to play their Free Games with each Free Game representing 1 play. A Free Games offer is a number of free game rounds awarded to a player. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. The outcome of each round is random and not influenced by skill in any way. Last modification date: 2/19/2025