Smooth Sailing About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the number of coins multiplied by the coin size. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the paylines played. Payline Rules This game includes 20 paylines. The number of paylines played is fixed. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. On a single payline if multiple winning combinations land, only the highest win is awarded. Payout Rules Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. Disclaimer: The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Wild Symbols Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Scatters. This symbol appears in base game only. Ship Scatter Symbols Ship Scatter symbols are Scatter symbols. Ship Scatter symbol appears in both base game and Free Spins. Ship Scatter symbol wins are based on initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the paylines played. Scatters can create their own winning combination when landing anywhere on the reels. Gold Coin Bet Feature This feature is available in base game only. Activating the Gold Coin Bet increases the total bet by 50%. The Gold Coin Bet is an optional side wager that places Ticket Scatter symbols over random royal symbols on the base game reels. The Gold Coin Bet increases chance of triggering Free Spin. The Gold Coin Bet does not affect any pays. Ticket Scatter symbols are Scatter symbols. Ticket Scatter symbols appear in base game only. Ticket Scatter symbols do not affect royal symbol pays. Ticket Scatter symbol wins are based on initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the paylines played. Scatters can create their own winning combination when landing anywhere on the reels. Free Spins 3, 4 or 5 Ship symbols anywhere on the reels trigger this feature. 3, 4 or 5 Gold Coin Bet Ticket Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels trigger this feature. 10 Free Spins are awarded. Free Spins can be retriggered and awards an additional 10 Free Spins. Free Spins are played on a different reel set from the base game. Free Spins royal symbols pay on adjacent reels from leftmost to right. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. All lines played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Connectify Pays™ During Free Spins, Gold Ship, Red Ship or Blue Ship symbols on winning paylines connect across reels from leftmost to right. During Free Spins, winning combinations of Gold Ship, Red Ship or Blue Ship symbols pay Connectify Pays™. During Free Spins, 2X on reel 5 multiplies any five of a kind Connectify Pays™ win by 2. Game Controls Gold Coin Bet button: Toggle to turn Gold Coin Bet feature on or off. Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Play button: Continues the game. Fast Play Active Indicator: Indicates when Fast Play is active. Bet Up button: Increases the current bet up to the next highest available bet. Bet Down button: Decreases the current bet down to the next lowest available bet. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay start button: Starts Autoplay session. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Game Menu button: Displays the game settings and game payout table. Help button: Displays help and additional information. Game Menu System Menu button: Displays additional system options. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Bet button: Displays the bet options. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Return to Game button: Closes the Game Menu and returns to the base game. Bet Settings Coin Size: Sets the coin value. Coins Per Line: Sets the number of coins to bet per line. Gold Coin Bet button: Toggle to turn Gold Coin Bet feature on or off. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The Autoplay start button starts the Autoplay session based on your selected options. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. If any condition is met to stop the session, all AutoPlay settings return to default. If you are disconnected, AutoPlay will stop. All AutoPlay settings return to default when the game is reloaded. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Game Settings Fast Play button: Toggle to turn Fast Play on or off to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Mute All Sounds button: Toggle to mute all game sounds. Background Music button: Toggle to turn background music on or off. Sound Effects button: Toggle to turn game sound effects on or off. Intro Screen button: Toggle to turn the game Intro Screen on or off. Left-Handed Mode button: Toggle to turn left-handed mode on or off. Additional Information In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 11/23/2021