Cleopatra's Golden Spells About this Game ´üČ This is a 5 reel 6 row video slot game. ´üČ The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. ´üČ Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Bet Rules ´üČ This game has seven bet levels: 0.10, 0.20, 0.50, 1, 2, 2.5, 5, 10, 20 ´üČ Bet changes reset the reels, save and restore the bet level statuses. ´üČ Restoration applies to Gold and Blue Cash, Cleopatra and Multiplier symbols. ´üČ SymbolÔÇÖs locations and values are saved and restored for each bet level. ´üČ Each spin played costs a total bet amount. ´üČ When returned to a previously played bet level, the game status for that bet level is restored. Cluster Win Rules ´üČ A Cluster is matching symbols landing adjacent to each other. ´üČ A win is awarded when a cluster of 3 or more adjacent matching symbols land horizontally or vertically. ´üČ Symbols can participate in multiple win combinations. Payout Rules ´üČ The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. ´üČ The total payout is the sum of all cluster wins resulting from a spin. ´üČ Wins are multiplied by the total bet. ´üČ The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Wild Symbols ´üČ Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. ´üČ Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Cash, Free Spins, Cleopatra, and Multipliers symbols. ´üČ Wild symbols can create their own winning combination. Bazillion Cash Feature ´üČ Golden Cash and Blue Cash are cash symbols. ´üČ Land a Golden Cash symbol or a Blue Cash symbol to trigger the Bazillion Cash feature. ´üČ The cash symbol will move a row lower on each spin. ´üČ When a win is formed below the cash symbol, the symbol will move down the reels. ´üČ The number of positions moved is equal to the number of symbols involved in the winning combination. ´üČ Cash symbols display potential cash prizes. ´üČ The cash symbol payout value is the bet multiplied by the cash multiplier. ´üČ The cash multipliers are: 2x, 3x, 5x, 10x, 20x, 30x, 50x, 100x, 200x, 300x. ´üČ On each move down the reels, the cash value may increase to the next higher multiplier value. ´üČ Once it reaches row 6, the cash symbol may fall into the basket or outside the reel. ´üČ The cash prize is awarded when the cash symbol reaches row 6 and falls into the basket. ´üČ The cash prize payout value is displayed as a cash value on the cash symbol as it reaches row 6 and falls into the basket. ´üČ If the cash symbol reaches row 6 and falls off the basket, the cash prize is not awarded. ´üČ The Bazillion Cash feature can trigger in the base game and Free Spins. Cleopatra's Spells Feature ´üČ Land a Cleopatra symbol on the topmost right position of reel 5 to trigger the Cleopatra's Spells feature. ´üČ The Cleopatra symbol will remain in position for 3 - 7 spins. ´üČ The Cleopatra symbol will randomly trigger the appearance of multipliers or Golden Cash symbols. ´üČ The multiplier and the Golden Cash symbol will move a row lower on each spin. ´üČ When a win is formed below the multiplier, the symbol will move down the reels. ´üČ The number of positions moved is equal to the number of symbols involved in the winning combination. ´üČ When a multiplier reaches row 6 it will fall off the reels. ´üČ When a cash prize falls into the basket, its value will be multiplied by the sum of the multipliers present on the reels at the time of the spin. ´üČ The multipliers prize is added on top of the regular cash prize win value. ´üČ Cleopatra symbol displays the sum of the multipliers present on the reels. ´üČ Once a Cash win is granted and multiplied, the multiplier symbol becomes inactive and disappear off the reels. ´üČ Golden Cash and multipliers can trigger as long as the Cleopatra symbol remains in position. ´üČ The multiplier values are: x1, x2, x3, x4, x5. ´üČ The Cleopatra's Spells feature can trigger in the base game and Free Spins. Cleopatra Jackpot Feature ´üČ Cleopatra can randomly trigger the jackpot bonus when she is on the reels. ´üČ 12 tiles appear in the jackpot pick game. ´üČ Pick tiles to reveal the jackpot symbols. ´üČ Match 3 jackpot symbols to win the corresponding jackpot. ´üČ The Mega jackpot value is 250 times the bet. ´üČ The Major jackpot value is 85 times the bet. ´üČ The Minor jackpot value is 40 times the bet. ´üČ The Mini jackpot value is 15 times the bet. ´üČ This feature can trigger in base game only. ´üČ All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Free Spins ´üČ Free Spins symbols are Scatter symbols. ´üČ Free Spins symbols do not have a payout. ´üČ 3 or more Free Spins symbols anywhere on the reels trigger this feature. ´üČ At the beginning of the free spins, a pyramid of fortune will randomly assign free spins components. ´üČ The Pyramid of Fortune will draw the initial number of cash symbols, the multiplier value, the number of baskets, and the number of free spins. ´üČ Up to 12 Free Spins are awarded. ´üČ During this feature, a multiplier value is awarded randomly on the Pyramid of Fortune. ´üČ Up to 4 baskets are awarded. ´üČ Up to x3 initial Cash symbols can be awarded. ´üČ Free Spins play out automatically. ´üČ Each Free Spins symbol that lands awards an extra Free Spin. ´üČ Additional free spins will be granted until all cash symbols are removed from the reels. ´üČ After all granted free spins are played, additional free spins are granted until all cash symbols are removed from the reels. ´üČ All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. ´üČ Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Game Menu ´üČ Some settings and features may not be available in this game. ´üČ Menu button: Displays additional game options. ´üČ Settings button: Displays the game settings. ´üČ Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. ´üČ Lobby button: Exits the game. ´üČ Banking button: Displays the banking page. ´üČ Close button: Closes the game menu. Game Controls ´üČ Spin button: Starts a reel spin. ´üČ Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. ´üČ Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. ´üČ Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. ´üČ Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. ´üČ Bet: Displays the current total bet. ´üČ Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. ´üČ Win: Displays the most recent win. ´üČ Credits: Displays the current balances. ´üČ Balance: Displays the current balances. ´üČ Exit button: Exits the game. ´üČ Help button: Displays help and additional information. ´üČ Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. ´üČ Settings button: Displays the game settings. ´üČ Sounds: Enables game sounds. ´üČ Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Autoplay Settings ´üČ Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. ´üČ Spins are played at the current selected bet. ´üČ Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. ´üČ The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. ´üČ Some settings and features may not be available in this game. ´üČ This feature is available in the base game only. Bet Settings ´üČ Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. ´üČ Bet Value buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Game Settings ´üČ Sounds: Enables game sounds. ´üČ Left-Handed Mode button: Enables left-handed mode. ´üČ Music: Enables game music. ´üČ Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Free Games ´üČ A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. ´üČ Each offer has a unique reference number. ´üČ The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. ´üČ Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. ´üČ An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. ´üČ Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. ´üČ Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. ´üČ Select Play Later to postpone the offer. ´üČ A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. ´üČ Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. ´üČ A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. ´üČ When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. ´üČ Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. ´üČ Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Return to Player ´üČ The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. ´üČ Values are calculated initially by piding the total payouts by the total bets from a simulation of numerous game rounds. ´üČ This value is fixed and does not change. ´üČ This game has an RTP of 96.18%. Additional Information ´üČ The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. ´üČ In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. ´üČ The results of the last game played are displayed. ´üČ If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. ´üČ Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. ´üČ Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. ´üČ Malfunction voids all pays and plays. ´üČ Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Last modification date: 8/11/2022