Magnificent Power Zeus About this Game This is a 5 reel 4 row video slot game. Up to 6 reels, 4 rows can be activated. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. This game includes 30 fixed paylines. Payout Rules If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Payline Rules A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. This game includes 30 fixed paylines. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the payline cost of 20. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the paylines played. Wild Symbols Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Coin, Multiplier and Free Spins symbols. Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wilds only appear on 1 reel on any given spin. These symbols appear stacked on the reels. These symbols do not have a payout. Random Multiplier Wild Random Multiplier Wild multiplies wins when substituting for other symbols. The multipliers are 2x, 3x, or 5x. Free Spins Symbol Free Spin symbol is Scatter. Scatters pay in any position. Magnificent Power™ Feature Land a Wild symbol to collect all Coins on screen. Collect 30 Coins to change stacked Wilds to Multiplier Wilds. Wild upgrade will occur at the beginning of the next spin. Collect 60 coins to unlock Free Spins Feature, Free Spins Multiplier and a 6th reel. Free Spins Feature, Free Spins Multiplier, and the 6th reel unlock will occur at the beginning of the next spin. Only Wilds, Free Spins and High Paying symbols will appear on the 6th reel. Coins may appear on any symbol except any stacked Wild. Replace Feature The Replace Feature takes a losing spin and guarantees a win. A losing spin with a Wild may award this feature. All symbols are removed except the Wild symbol. Only High Paying Symbols will drop in. A win is guaranteed with at least 1 High Paying symbol combination. This feature is available in base game only. This feature will not occur on a Free Spins triggering spin. Free Spins Multiplier The Free Spins Multiplier is displayed in the Free Spins Multiplier meter. Each Multiplier symbol that appears increases the Free Spins Multiplier by 0.5x. The maximum Free Spins Multiplier available to earn in the base game is a 10x. The Free Spins Multiplier will reset up to a 4x, after Free Spins are complete. The Multiplier symbol is only available in the base game. The Multiplier symbol cannot appear on Free Spins triggering spin. The Multiplier symbol cannot appear on Free Spins or Wild symbols. The Multiplier symbol cannot appear within the Replace and Free Spins features. Free Spins 3, 4, 5 or 6 Free Spins symbols triggers 7, 10, 15 or 20 free spins respectively. The number of free spins triggered may randomly increase. The maximum number of spins to trigger with is 20 spins. The Free Spins Multiplier earned during the base game may randomly increase. Up to a 5x may be added to the Free Spins Multiplier. The maximum Free Spins Multiplier is 15x. Select the Spin button to start the Free Spins. Random Wild Multiplier always appears as a full stack on a reel. Free Spins Multiplier is added to Random Wild Multiplier to multiply all line wins with Random Wild Multiplier. Free Spins Multiplier multiplies all line wins without Random Multiplier Wild. 3, 4 or 5 Free Spins symbols retriggers 7, 10 or 15 free spins respectively. The number of free spins retriggered may randomly increase. The maximum number of free spins retriggered with is 20 spins. Wins awarded during this feature are added to base game wins. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. All lines played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Game Controls Credits: Displays the current balances. Bet: Sets the current bet value. Win: Displays the most recent win. Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Spacebar: Starts a reel spin. Spins are played at the current selected bet. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Spacebar during reel spin stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Selecting the game screen can stop the spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Hold to Turbo Spin: Hold the spin button to enable Turbo Spin. Turbo Spin resolves spins as fast as possible and will start the next spin. Turbo Spin ends when the spin button is lifted. This does not influence the results of the spin. Hold spacebar to Turbo Spin: Hold the spacebar to enable Turbo Spin. Turbo Spin resolves spins as fast as possible and will start the next spin. Turbo Spin ends when the spacebar is lifted. This does not influence the results of the spin. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Home button: Exits the game. Help button: Displays help and additional information. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Spins are played at the current selected bet. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. This feature is available in base game only. Game Settings Quickspin: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Left-Handed Mode button: Enables left-handed mode. Music: Enables game music. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Startup Screen button: Enables game advertisement on game load. Bet Settings Bet Value buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Max Bet button: Sets the current bet to the maximum value. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Last modification date: 10/16/2024