Aquatic Treasures Coast 2 Coast About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the number of coins multiplied by the coin size. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the paylines played. Payline Rules This game includes 10 paylines. The number of paylines played is fixed. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payline wins run from left to right and right to left, starting from the first and last reel respectively. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline and direction, only the highest win is awarded. Payout Rules Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins and Bonus symbol wins resulting from a spin. Disclaimer: The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Bonus Symbol 3, 4, or 5 consecutive Bonus symbols trigger Free Spins when starting from Reel 1 or Reel 5 in either win direction. Only the highest Bonus symbol combination is awarded for each win direction. Bonus symbols pay in any position on the reel. Bonus symbol wins are multiplied by the total bet. Bonus symbol appears in both base game and Free Spins. Wild Symbols Every Wild that lands will expand to form a Wild Reel. Adjacent reels of expanded Wilds form a larger image with the same functionality. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols. Wild symbols can substitute for Bonus symbols to trigger Free Spins. This symbol appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. Wild symbols do not have a payout. This symbol appears in both base game and Free Spins. Free Spins Number of Free Spins awarded is dependent on the number of reels involved in the Bonus symbol win. 3, 4, or 5 consecutive Bonus symbols trigger Free Spins when starting from Reel 1 or Reel 5 in either win direction. Free Spins can be retriggered. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. All lines played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Free Spins are played on a different reel set from the base game. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Play button: Continues the game. Fast Play Active Indicator: Indicates when Fast Play is active. Bet Up button: Increases the current bet up to the next highest available bet. Bet Down button: Decreases the current bet down to the next lowest available bet. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay start button: Starts Autoplay session. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Game Menu button: Displays the game settings and game payout table. Game Menu System Menu button: Displays additional system options. Help button: Displays help and additional information. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Bet button: Displays the bet options. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Return button: Returns to the game. Autoplay The Autoplay start button starts the Autoplay session based on your selected options. Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. If any condition is met to stop the session, all AutoPlay settings return to default. If you are disconnected, AutoPlay will stop. All AutoPlay settings return to default when the game is reloaded. Game Settings Intro Screen button: Toggle to turn the game Intro Screen on or off. Fast Play button: Toggle to turn Fast Play on or off to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Mute All Sounds button: Toggle to mute all game sounds. Background Music button: Toggle to turn background music on or off. Sound Effects button: Toggle to turn game sound effects on or off. Additional Information In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 9/21/2022