Tiki Reward About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the payline cost of 20. Payline Rules This game includes 50 paylines. The number of paylines played is fixed. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Payout Rules Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins resulting from a spin. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The win up to multiplier displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. Wild Symbol Wild symbols appear on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. Wild symbols are represented by the Red Tiki, Green Tiki, Blue Tiki and Golden Tiki. Tiki Wilds substitute for all symbols except Scatters and Tiki Wilds of a different color. The Golden Tiki Wild substitutes for all symbols except Scatters. Red, Green and Blue Tiki Wilds can appear with a 2x multiplier. Wins are multiplied by every participating multiplier symbol. Tiki Jackpots Any 3 Red Tiki Wilds award the Red Tiki Jackpot. Any 3 Green Tiki Wilds award the Green Tiki Jackpot. Any 3 Blue Tiki Wilds award the Blue Tiki Jackpot. 3 Golden Tiki Wilds award all 4 Tiki Jackpots. Golden Tiki Wild can substitute for Red, Green or Blue Tiki Wilds to complete a Jackpot trigger condition. Jackpots are multiplied by any multiplier symbols that contribute to the trigger. After any Jackpot is won, the Red, Green and Blue Tiki Jackpot values are re-rolled. The sum of the Red, Green and Blue Jackpots is always 30x bet. The minimum value for a single Red, Green or Blue Jackpot is 2x bet. The Golden Jackpot prize is always 1000x bet and not re-rolled. Scatter Symbol This symbol appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. Scatters do not create their own win. Free Spins 3 Scatter symbols trigger 7 Free Spins. Free Spins play out automatically. Each Scatter that lands during the Free Spins feature awards an extra Free Spin. All lines played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Tiki Jackpots in Free Spins The chosen Tiki Wilds color is indicated by highlighting the frame around reels 2, 3, 4 with the corresponding color. Reels 2, 3, 4 will contain Golden Tiki Wilds and Tiki Wilds of the chosen color only. Golden Tiki Wilds can land on any spin. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. This value is fixed and does not change. This game has an RTP of 94.05%. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Autoplay Settings Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. Bet Settings Bet Amount: Sets the current bet value. Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Game Controls Balance: Displays the casino balances. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Menu button: Displays a menu of general system and game options. Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Pressing the Spin button during the current spin stops the reels quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Pressing the Spin button during AutoPlay ends the current Autoplay session. Home button: Exits the game. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The casino balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last spin played are displayed. If a spin request does not reach the casino server before disconnection, the results of the previous spin played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Last modification date: 7/1/2021