Eggs Bonanza About this Game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other in this pattern. Way wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. This game is played with credits only. This game includes 243 ways. There are 5 reels, 3 rows in base game. Additional reels and rows can be activated. Spins within Bonanza Bonus feature will be called bonus spins. Spins within Chicky Respins feature will be called respins. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. Payout Rules Wins are multiplied by the total bet. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. If multiple winning combinations land on a single way, only the highest win is awarded. The total payout is the sum of all way wins resulting from a spin. Way win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. Way Rules A way is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other in this pattern. This game includes 243 ways. Way wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Wild Symbols Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Bonus, Egg symbol, Golden Egg symbol and Collect symbols. Wild symbols appear in base game only. Wild symbol appears on reels 1, 2, 4, 5 during the base game. Bonanza Bonus Bonanza Bonus is a bonus feature. This feature is available in base game only. Bonanza Bonus is triggered by landing 3 Bonus symbols on reels 1, 3 and 5. Landing any symbol available during Bonanza Bonus on any reel resets bonus spins. Before feature starts, Bonanza Booster tokens are randomly distributed to collection meters. 2 Bonanza Booster tokens are equal to 1 collection token. If the player collects an uneven number of Bonanza Booster tokens, one token is discarded. If Bonanza Bonus starts with 1 Bonanza Booster token, no collection tokens are added to collection meters. The feature has 3 bonus spins from the start. During the feature Egg, Prizer, Expander, Doubler, Spinner and blank symbols may land on any reel. During Bonanza Bonus 4 collection features are available: Doubler, Spinner, Expander and Prizer. The collection feature is triggered by 3 corresponding symbols landing on the reels. Doubler, Spinner, Expander features may be triggered 2 times, Prizer may be triggered 4 times during Bonanza Bonus. When a collection symbol lands, it is removed from the reels. Once the feature is triggered and used, the corresponding collection feature meter resets. Doubler: all Egg symbols presented on the reels are multiplied by 2x. Prize Eggs values that the player has not won yet are also multiplied by 2x. Spinner: 1 extra spin is awarded on each retrigger. Expander: On the 1st trigger 1 extra row of reels is activated above the grid, on the 2nd trigger 1 extra row of reels is added under the grid. Prizer: the collection symbol that triggered the feature is replaced by the Prize Egg symbol. On the 1st, 2nd, 3rd, and 4th trigger, the Prize Egg value is 15x, 50x, 200x, 1 000x respectively. The feature ends when no more symbols land on the reels during the bonus spins or all landing positions are filled. When feature ends, each symbols indicated value is calculated together and paid as the total win of the feature. At the end of the feature, remaining collection token are added to the Bonanza Booster. The feature is played at the same cost as the game that triggered the feature. All ways played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. The total payout is the sum of all way wins resulting from a spin. Bonus spins are free to player. Bonanza Booster The Bonanza Booster is a meter that shows the collection progress of tokens. During the base game the Bonanza Booster may be increased but not used. The meter initially starts empty and may go up to 16 tokens. When the player lands the Bonus symbol on reels 1 and 3, the meter increases by one step. The Bonanza Booster is used in the Bonanza Bonus. Before feature starts, Bonanza Booster tokens are randomly distributed to collection meters. At the end of the Bonanza Bonus, remaining collection tokens are added to the Bonanza Booster. Changing a bet does not affect the Bonanza Booster. Chicky Respins This feature is available in base game only. Chicky Respins is triggered by landing 2 Golden Egg symbols on reels 1 and 5. Golden Egg symbols remain in position for the duration of the feature. The feature starts with 1 respin. Reels spin revealing either the Egg, 1UP or blank symbols. Landing the Egg or 1UP symbols triggers a new respin. Each Egg symbol that lands remains on the reels for the duration of the feature. During Chicky Respins Egg symbols values are 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 8x, 10x, 15x, 20x, 50x and 200x Bet. 1UP symbols are removed before the next spin starts. Each 1UP symbol that lands increases the feature multiplier by 1x. The multiplier values are 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x. When the multiplier reaches 5x no new 1UP symbols can land. The feature ends when there's no new Egg or 1UP symbols land. When feature ends, the total amount of Egg symbols values is multiplied by the feature multiplier for the total amount. The total amount is then added to the balance. The respins are free to the player. Eggs Collect This feature is available in base game only. The Eggs Collect feature is triggered when 1 or more Egg symbols and 1 Collect symbol land on the reels after the spin. Egg symbols may randomly land on all the reels. The Collect symbol may land on reel 5 only. The amount of Egg symbols landing on a spin is random. Egg symbol values are 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 8x, 10x, 15x, 50x, 200x total bet. The winning payout equals the sum of Egg symbol values landed on the reels. When winnings are paid the feature ends. Buy Feature The Buy feature cost is 70x. The feature is played at the current bet. Activating this feature will instantly trigger the Bonanza Bonus feature. The Bonanza Booster is inactive during Buy feature. Buy feature does not affect the Bonanza Booster feature. When buying a feature, the player gets drawn a random amount of collection tokens between 1-8 to start the feature with. At the end of the feature, all collection tokens left are discarded. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. This feature is not available above a certain bet threshold. This feature is available in base game only. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Bet: Set the current bet value. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Aborting Autoplay or stopping the reels during Autoplay will not affect the outcome of the game. Autoplay will automatically stop if a Bonus feature is triggered This feature is available in base game only. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Bet Increase button: Increases the current bet. Bet Decrease button: Decreases the current bet. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Defaultspin button: Enables Defaultspin to resolve spins at default speed. This does not influence the results of the spin. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Turbospin button: Enables Turbospin to resolve spins even faster than Quickspin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Balance: Displays the current balances. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. A click or tap on the reels stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Buy feature button: Displays the option to purchase the Bonanza Bonus feature. Game Menu Home button: Exits the game. Paytable button: Displays payout tables. Bet Settings Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Game Terminology WILD = WILD BONUS = BONUS COLLECT = COLLECT 1UP = 1UP BONANZA BONUS = BONANZA BONUS BONANZA BOOSTER = BONANZA BOOSTER CHICKY RESPINS = CHICKY RESPINS EGGS COLLECT = EGGS COLLECT SPINNER = SPINNER PRIZER = PRIZER EXPANDER = EXPANDER DOUBLER = DOUBLER BIG WIN = BIG WIN MEGA WIN = MEGA WIN EPIC WIN = EPIC WIN LEGENDARY WIN = LEGENDARY WIN BUY = BUY START = START SPIN = SPIN STOP = STOP Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Start to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Use Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select No Thanks to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. This feature is only available in selected games. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Values are calculated initially by dividing the total payouts by the total bets from a simulation of numerous game rounds. Values reflect the average expected return and do not change. The probability of triggering certain game events may change during gameplay depending on the current game state or progress. Last modification date: 5/14/2024