15 Tridents About this Game This is a 5 reel 4 row video slot game with 2 reelsets. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Game Menu Banking button: Displays the banking page. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Home button: Exits the game. Close button: Closes the game menu. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Big win toggle: Toggle big win celebration display on or off. Splash page toggle: Toggles the splash page display on or off. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the ways played. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the way cost of 20. Way Rules This game includes 1024 ways. A way is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other in this pattern. Way wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Payout Rules Way win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. Way wins pay independently per reelset. Wins are multiplied by the total bet. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The total payout is the sum of all way wins resulting from a spin. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. If multiple winning combinations land on a single way, only the highest win is awarded. Trident SwiftHits® Feature Landing 3 or more Trident SwiftHits® symbols across both reelset awards an instant prize that corresponds to the amount shown in the SwiftHits® table next to the reels. Trident SwiftHits® symbols appear on all reels in base game and free spins. In the base game this amount pays out at the end of the spin. In the free spin game, Trident SwiftHits® symbols are sticky throughout the session and do not pay out until the end of Free Spins game. Wild Symbols Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Scatters and Trident SwiftHits® symbols. Wild symbols may randomly land with up to a 5x multiplier. Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Trident SwiftHits® symbols are not multiplied by the wild multiplier. When a multiplier lands, all the winning symbol combinations on that same reel are multiplied. Scatter Symbols This symbol does not have a payout. This symbol can appear in the base game and Free Spins. This symbol appears on reels 1, 3, and 5 on either reelsets in base game. This symbol appears on any reel in free spins game. Free Spins 3 or more Scatter symbols across both reelsets trigger Free Spins. 3 Scatter symbols award 10 Free Spins. 4 Scatter symbols award 15 Free Spins. 5 Scatter symbols award 20 Free Spins. 6 Scatter symbols award 25 Free Spins. Every Free Spin Scatter symbol that lands during Free Spins awards an additional Free Spin. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Trident SwiftHits® symbols are sticky in Free Spins. Once a Trident SwiftHits® symbol lands on the reels it locks into place for the remainder of the Free Spins. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. All ways played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Free Spins play out automatically. Special Features Poseidon may randomly add 1 additional Trident symbols to increase wins. Amphitrite may randomly appear on the reels to add between 1 and 4 wild symbols or to upgrade the multiplier of a landed wild symbol. A siren may randomly appear on the reels to add a high value symbol to a screen and create a winning symbol combination. Autoplay This feature is available in base game only. Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. Big Win: Stops autoplay after winning a big win Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Bet Settings Bet Amount: Sets the current bet value. Bet Value buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Max Bet button: Sets the current bet to the maximum value. Min Bet button: Sets the current bet to the minimum value. Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Credits: Displays the current balances. Balance: Displays the current balances. Exit button: Exits the game. Help button: Displays help and additional information. Hold to Turbo Spin: Hold the spin button to enable Turbo Spin. Turbo Spin ends when the spin button is lifted. This does not influence the results of the spin. Menu button: Opens the game menu. Desktop Controls Bet controls: Increase or decrease the bet with the plus and minus symbols. Info button: Opens the paytable menu. Max Bet button: Sets the current bet to the maximum value. Game Settings Sounds: Enables game sounds. Quickspin: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Big Win: Enables big win animations Left-Handed mode: Swaps button controls to left side of screen. Music: Enables game music. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Splash page toggle: Toggles the splash page display on or off. Turbospin button: Enables Turbospin to resolve spins faster than Quick Spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Game Terminology 15 TRIDENTS™ = 15 TRIDENTS™ SWIFTHITS® = SWIFTHITS FREE SPINS = FREE SPINS WILD = WILD MAX BET = MAX BET INSTANT PRIZES = INSTANT PRIZES BIG WIN = BIG WIN SUPER WIN = SUPER WIN MEGA WIN = MEGA WIN EPIC WIN = EPIC WIN Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. Last modification date: 8/2/2022