Wanted Outlaws About this Game This is a 5 reel 5 row video slot game. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the way cost of 10. Way Rules This game includes 3125 Nobleways™. A way is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other in this pattern. Way wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Payout Rules Way win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The total payout is the sum of all way wins resulting from a spin. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. Scatter Symbol This symbol appears in base game only. Scatters do not create their own win. Free Spins 3, 4 or 5 Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels trigger this feature. 10, 15 or 25 Free Spins are awarded respectively. Free Spins play out automatically. All ways played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Free Spins cannot be retriggered. Wild Symbol This symbol appears in Free Spins only. This symbol appears on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 only. Wild symbols do not create their own win. Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wanted Posters Feature This feature is available in Free Spins only. Each Wild symbol that lands will collect the bounty rewards from all the Wanted Posters on screen. Wanted Poster bounty rewards can be awarded multiple times if multiple Wilds land. Wanted Poster bounty rewards are based on the current bet multiplied up to 200x. The multiplier for each Wanted Poster is chosen randomly from the list of assigned multipliers. The multiplier for the Masked Outlaw is chosen randomly between: 2x, 5x, 10x. The multiplier for the Female Outlaw is chosen randomly between: 15x, 20x, 25x. The multiplier for the Scarred Outlaw is always 200x. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. This value is fixed and does not change. This game has an RTP of 96.41%. Bet Settings Bet Amount: Sets the current bet value. Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Game Controls Balance: Displays the casino balances. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Menu button: Displays a menu of general system and game options. Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Pressing the Spin button during the current spin stops the reels quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Pressing the Spin button during AutoPlay ends the current Autoplay session. Home button: Exits the game. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The casino balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last spin played are displayed. If a spin request does not reach the casino server before disconnection, the results of the previous spin played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Last modification date: 10/27/2020