Diamond Lights About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Payline Rules The number of paylines played is fixed. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. This game includes 20 paylines. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. Payout Rules The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed.Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded.Wild Symbols Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Diamond and Free Spins symbols. Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. Scatter Symbols Diamond and Free Spins symbols are Scatter symbols. Diamond symbols can appear on any reel. The Diamond Scatter feature can randomly trigger after any spin. Landing 3 or more Diamond symbols on the reels awards a cash prize. Only the highest paying count of the Diamond symbols pays out. Diamond symbol pays are multiplied by the total bet. Free Spins symbols appear on reels 2, 3, and 4. Landing 3 Free Spins symbols in the base game wards a spin of the Free Spins Wheel. 3 Free Spins symbols awards 1x total betScatter wins are added to line wins. Free Spins Wheel Each wedge of the Free Spin Wheel contains a number of Free Spins and a multiplier. The multiplier applies to all wins except Diamond symbol wins. Free Spins play out automatically. Free Spins can be retriggered by landing 3 Free Spins symbols. The amount of Free Spins awarded on a retrigger is equal to the initial trigger. All lines played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Respin Feature The Respin feature is randomly triggered. 2 types of Respin are available. Locked Respin: Any number of reels will respin. All Reels Respin: All the reels respin either in a forwards or backwards direction. Respins do not always result in winning combinations. All wins are awarded once the feature is complete. This feature is available in the base game and Free Spins. The feature can trigger in conjunction with a Free Spins trigger and as part of the Diamond Scatter feature. Only winning combinations that are formed as a result of the respin are paid. Reels do not respin at an additional cost. Autoplay This feature is available in base game only.Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. Number of Plays: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Single Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Game ControlsSpin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options.Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Menu button: Displays game rules, game settings and additional information. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Total Win: Displays the most recent total win. Balance: Displays the current balances. Game Menu Home button: Exits the game. Game Rules button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Banking Button: Links to Banking page for both withdrawals and deposits Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Close button: Closes the game menu. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player.Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Last modification date: 5/24/2023