Stumpy McDoodles 2 About this Game This is a 5 reel 5 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Payline Rules This game includes 40 paylines. The number of paylines played is fixed. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Payout Rules Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins resulting from a spin. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Wild Symbol Wilds substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wilds can substitute for all symbols except Scatters and Stumpy Treasure symbol. Stumpy Random Wilds A pot of gold will randomly appear and add 3 - 12 Wilds to the reels. The feature is active in base game. Stumpy Treasure Land a Stumpy Treasure symbol on reel 5, to win 1 - 100x your bet! The Stumpy Treasure award is added to base game wins. The feature is active in base game. Scatter Symbols Land 2 Scatters to collect a Cauldron. Land 3 Scatters to trigger Free Spins Scatter appears in base game on reels 2, 3 and 4. This symbol does not have a payout. Cauldron Collection Land 2 Scatters to collect a Cauldron. No Cauldron is awarded for 3 landed Scatter symbols. Collect Cauldrons to increase the number of Free Spins. Maximum 16 Cauldrons could be collected. Collected Cauldrons are stored per bet amount. The feature is active in base game. Free Spins Land 3 Scatters on reels 2, 3, and 4 to trigger Free Spins. The number of Free Spins awarded is dependent on the number of Cauldrons collected. 6 Free Spins awarded if no Cauldrons are collected. 1 Cauldron awards 8 Free Spins. 4 Cauldrons award 10 Free Spins. 8 Cauldrons award 12 Free Spins. 12 Cauldrons award 15 Free Spins. 16 Cauldrons award 25 Free Spins. Collected Cauldrons are removed on completion of Free Spins. All bets and lines played are the same as the spin that triggered the feature. Free Spins Growing Wild Free Spins begin with 1 Wild on reels. The Wild can change position on every spin. Land a Wild Coin to get 2 extra Free Spins and increase size of the Wild. Free Spins Super Wild When a Wild grows to fill in the whole reel, it will become a Super Wild. Super Wild awards 5 of a kind Wild wins for the remaining Free Spins. Autoplay This feature is available in base game only. Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Balance: Displays the current balances. Game Menu Settings button: Displays the game settings. Audio button: Toggles the game audio. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Values are calculated initially by piding the total payouts by the total bets from a simulation of numerous game rounds. Values reflect the maximum expected return and do not change. Translation of Game Terms The translated terms are only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. Stumpy McDoodles - Stumpy McDoodles Penny McDoodles - Penny McDoodles Big Win - Big Win Mega Win - Mega Win Epic Win - Epic Win Last modification date: 3/5/2024