Trojan Kingdom About this Game Welcome to Trojan Kingdom. This is a 5 reel, 4 row video slot game. This game has 30 lines. It features Free Spins and Super Free Spins with multipliers, Queen's Bonus, Wild Scrolls and Bonus Symbols. General Line wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right only on adjacent reels according to the PAYTABLE. Only the highest win per line is paid. Multiple wins can be awarded per spin. It is not possible to trigger Queen's Bonus within Free Spins and Super Free Spins. Queen's Bonus and Free Spins of any type cannot trigger simultaneously. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Wild Symbols Wild Symbols substitute for all symbols except Free Spins Symbols and Bonus Symbols. Wild symbols substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a line according to the PAYTABLE. Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. Bonus Symbols Collection Bonus Symbols appear in the base game. Each reel has a Bonus Holder located above it. Each Bonus Symbol that lands is added to its respective Bonus Holder and also collected in the Queen's Bonus area. Collect 3 Bonus Symbols to activate the Wild Scrolls feature on that reel. Bonus Symbols do not appear on active Wild Scrolls reels. Bonus Holders, Wild Scrolls, and remaining reels persist for each bet level. Collecting 1 or more Bonus Symbols gives a random chance of triggering the Queen's Bonus feature. Only the Bonus Symbols collected on the current spin contribute to the chance of triggering the Queen's Bonus. The graphical collection pot in the game is purely for visual entertainment purposes and as such does not influence awarding the Queen's Bonus. Wild Scrolls Activate the Wild Scrolls in the base game, Free Spins and Super Free Spins. Wild Scrolls add expanding sticky Wilds to the reel while active. When Wild Scrolls is activated in the base game, on the next spin a Wild Scroll Symbol is placed on the top position of the triggering reel. On every subsequent spin, the Wild Scroll Symbol expands down 1 position on the reel. Once the Wild Scroll Symbol has expanded to the bottom position, the feature ends and the Wild Scroll is removed on the following spin. Free Spins Symbols are visible through the Wild Scrolls. Free Spins, Super Free Spins and Queen's Bonus can be triggered during Wild Scrolls. Queen's Bonus There are 4 types of Bonus coins. Each Bonus type corresponds to a cash prize. In total, there are 12 Bonus coins. The cash prizes are: 15x, 40x, 250x and 10000x bet. Match 3 of the same Bonus coin type to win the corresponding cash prize according to the PAYTABLE. Free Spins Free Spins Symbols appear on reels 2, 3 and 4 in the base game. Land 3 Free Spins Symbols to trigger an indefinite number of Free Spins. Free Spins has a multiplier of x2. Every individual win in Free Spins is multiplied by the multiplier. At the start of Free Spins, Wild Scrolls are active on reel 3, starting from the top reel position. Land a regular Wild on any reel to trigger Wild Scrolls. Wild Scrolls start from the same reel position as the triggering Wild. Regular Wilds do not appear on active Wild Scroll reels. The feature ends when Wild Scrolls are no longer present on the visible reel area. All bets and lines played are the same as the spin that triggered the feature. Super Free Spins Collection Land 2 Free Spins Symbols in the base game to add 1 point to the Super Free Spins Upgrade Meter. Landing more than 2 Free Spins Symbols will not contribute any points to the Super Free Spins Upgrade Meter. Collect 20 points to upgrade Free Spins to Super Free Spins. The next time 3 Free Spins Symbols land, Super Free Spins will be triggered instead of Free Spins. The Super Free Spins Upgrade Meter cannot collect more than 20 points. The Super Free Spins Upgrade Meter persists for each bet level. Super Free Spins Super Free Spins has a multiplier of x7. At the start of Super Free Spins, Wild Scrolls are active on reels 2 and 4, starting from the top reel position. When the feature ends, the Super Free Spins Upgrade Meter is reset to 0. Game Terms Translations The following list is only applicable in a language other than English TROJAN KINGDOM - TROJAN KINGDOM FREE SPINS - FREE SPINS SUPER FREE SPINS - SUPER FREE SPINS MULTIPLIER / MULTIPLIERS - MULTIPLIER / MULTIPLIERS MULTI - MULTI 30 LINES - 30 LINES WILD / WILDS - WILD / WILDS WILD SCROLL / WILD SCROLLS - WILD SCROLL / WILD SCROLLS BONUS - BONUS QUEEN’S BONUS - QUEEN’S BONUS BIG WIN - BIG WIN MEGA WIN - MEGA WIN EPIC WIN - EPIC WIN JUST FOR THE WIN - JUST FOR THE WIN Game Controls Autoplay settings: Select a number of spins to auto play by selecting a value. Start and stop the Autoplay by pressing the spin button. Balance field: Displays the current account balance. Bet field: Displays the current bet size. Bet settings: Change the bet size by selecting a value. Spin button: Start the game with the current bet size as displayed in the bet field. Pressing anywhere on the reels or the Spin button during a spin displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Win field: Displays the pay in a winning round. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Game Menu Advanced settings: Navigate to the Responsible Gaming pages. Advanced settings: Open the Advanced Settings menu. Advanced settings: Turn Quick Spin on or off. Banking: Navigate to the Banking pages. Lobby: Navigate back to the lobby. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Sound settings: Turn sound on or off. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Values are calculated initially by dividing the total payouts by the total bets from a simulation of numerous game rounds. Values reflect the average expected return and do not change. Overall RTP: 94.17%. Last modification date: 9/12/2023