Blazing Lake Link and Win About this Game This is a 3 reel 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Payline Rules This game includes 5 paylines. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. The number of paylines played is fixed. Payout Rules Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins resulting from a spin. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. Wild Symbols Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Coin symbols. A Wild symbol will expand vertically if it lands on a reel where it can form winning combinations. Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. Link ™ Three Coin symbols landing on the middle reel triggers this feature. When the feature starts, the coin symbols on the middle reel move above the reels. Only Coin symbols, Diamond symbols and blank symbols appear on the reels. The player has four chances to land more Coins or Diamonds. Each spin equals one chance. If at least one Coin or Diamond lands in a spin, the number of available chances resets to four. For every spin where one or more Coin or Diamond symbols land, the value of the landed Coins or Diamonds is collected, as well as the value of all three of the Coins that triggered the feature. The total win awarded is the cumulative amount won on all spins during the feature. The feature ends when all chances are used. If a total win at the end of the feature is less than twenty times the bet, the number of chances is reset back to four. Winnings are automatically collected at the end of this feature. The maximum win amount is limited to 1000x. If the total win of the feature reaches 1000x bet, the feature immediately ends. The win will be awarded and all remaining chances are forfeited. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the paylines played. The initial bet is the current total bet pided by the number of paylines played. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stake: Displays the current total bet. Stake button: Displays options to change the current bet. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Win: Displays the most recent win. Credits: Displays the current balances. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Sound button: Access volume slider and toggle sound on and off. Options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. Exit button: Exits the game. Game Settings Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Music: Enables game music. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Close button: Closes the game menu. Home button: Exits the game. Bet Settings Bet Amount: Sets the current bet value. Bet Value buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Autoplay Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. This feature is available in base game only. In quick spin (where available), spins play out automatically at the increased speed selected. Big Win: Stops autoplay after winning a big win. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Values are calculated initially by piding the total possible payouts by the total possible outcomes that are available within the game. Values reflect the maximum expected return and do not change. RTP: 94.18%. Last modification date: 1/24/2024