Ancient Fortunes: Poseidon Megaways Extra Reel ´üČ The Extra Reel adds a symbol to the reel it is above for reels 2, 3, 4, and 5. Way Rules ´üČ All ways wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right in any position only on adjacent reels. ´üČ Each reel alone, or with the Extra Reel, can have up to 7 symbols. ´üČ Each spin can have up to 117649 ways to win. ´üČ Ways wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier. Rolling ReelsÔäó Feature ´üČ Rolling ReelsÔäó are active in base game and free spins. ´üČ Winning symbols from ways wins are removed to make way for new symbols. ´üČ Rolling ReelsÔäó can award multiple consecutive wins. Wild Symbols ´üČ The Wild symbol can substitute for all symbols except the Scatter symbol. ´üČ Wilds only appear on the Extra Reel. Prize Pick Game ´üČ Every spin, Wilds are collected throughout the Rolling ReelsÔäó play. ´üČ Once the Rolling ReelsÔäó feature is complete, the Prize Pick Game has a chance to trigger. ´üČ The more Wilds collected, the higher the chance of triggering. ´üČ Once triggered, 12 tokens are shown facedown. ´üČ Each token is associated with 1 of the 4 prizes. ´üČ Select a token to reveal its associated prizes. ´üČ When 3 matching tokens have been revealed, the corresponding prize will be awarded and the feature ends. ´üČ Prize wins are available in base game and free spins. ´üČ Prizewins are multiplied by total bet. Free Spins ´üČ 4 Scatters trigger 12 Free Spins. ´üČ Every extra Scatter awards an extra 5 free spins. ´üČ The win multiplier starts at 1 and increments after every roll of the Rolling ReelsÔäó. ´üČ In Free Spins, Scatters only appear on the Extra Reel. ´üČ 3 or 4 Scatters in Free Spins awards an additional 5 or 10 free spins respectively. ´üČ All bets during Free Spins are the same as the triggering spin. Game Payouts ´üČ Winnings paid out on the slot machine are dependent on the symbols displayed in the reel area, once the reels have come to a stop. ´üČ All payout tables display the number of credits that are won for each winning combination. ´üČ Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Playing the Game ´üČ The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form winning combinations. The payout is dependent on the winning combinations formed. ´üČ Your balance is displayed in credits and is available in the console bar. ´üČ Select your bet on a mobile device by tapping the Bet icon or the Bet area. ´üČ Select your bet in desktop through the Main Menu or on the console bar. ´üČ Click or tap the spin button to spin the reels. ´üČ Select the stop button to stop the current reel spin. This can also be done by clicking or tapping the reels. This does not impact spin results. ´üČ If enabled in Settings, you may press spacebar to spin or stop. ´üČ Once the reels stop, wins are highlighted if you have a winning combination. You are paid out the win amount as displayed in the win box. ´üČ If you do not have a winning combination, the game is completed and you can play again. Icons Main Menu Return Decrement Increment Bet Quick Spin Mute / Unmute Responsible Gaming Player Protection Loyalty Game History Transaction History Banking Settings Paytable / Information Help Files Lobby Discard ÔÇó Some of these options may not be available in your location. Bet Selection ´üČ Select your bet on a mobile device by tapping Bet in the console bar or by tapping the Bet icon. ´üČ Select your bet in desktop with the Increment and Decrement icons on the console bar. You can also select your bet from the Main Menu using the Bet icon, or by clicking the bet area. Settings ´üČ The Settings panel provides access to multiple game settings. ´üČ Some settings may not be available in your location. ´üČ To access the Settings panel, open the Main Menu and select the Settings icon. ´üČ You can choose which settings to turn on or off. ´üČ Show Tutorial at Startup setting displays the tutorial on launching the game. ´üČ Quick Spin setting increases the speed of the slot reel spin. ´üČ All Sounds setting controls all sounds, including game and background sounds. ´üČ Game Sounds setting controls console and spin sounds, as well as sounds for winning combinations and sequences. (Only enabled if All Sounds is ON.) ´üČ Background Music setting controls background music. (Only enabled if All Sounds is ON.) ´üČ Spacebar to Spin setting allows you to spin the reels using your computer's spacebar. Return to Player ´üČ The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. ´üČ This value is fixed and does not change. ´üČ This game has an RTP of 95.98%. Last modification date: 5/27/2021