Squealin' Riches About this Game l This is a 5 reel 4 row video slot game. l The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. l Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Bet Rules l Each spin played costs a total bet amount. l Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. l The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the ways played. l The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the way cost of 20. Way Rules l This game includes 1024 ways. l A way is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs across the reels. l A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other in this pattern. l Way wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. l Way wins run from left to right and right to left, starting from the first and last reel respectively. Payout Rules l Way win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. l Wins are multiplied by the total bet. l The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. l The total payout is the sum of all way wins resulting from a spin. l Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. l The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. l The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. l If multiple winning combinations land on a single way, only the highest win is awarded. Wild Symbols l Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. l Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Scatters and Bonus symbols. Scatter Symbols l This symbol does not have a payout. l This symbol appears on reels 1, 3, and 5 only. Free Spins l 3 Scatter symbols on reels 1, 3, and 5 trigger the Free Spins wheel. l The wheel will spin once and award a single wedge containing a number of spins l 10-30 Free Spins are awarded. l The results of the wheel spin may be gambled to potentially win a greater number of free spins. l If the gamble is won, the result of the spin may be gambled again. l If the gamble is lost, the Mystery Wheel may be spun to win an instant prize. l The gamble feature may not be available in this game. l 3 Scatter symbols on reels 1, 3, and 5 retrigger Free Spins. l All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. l All ways played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. l Free Spins play out automatically. Bonus Feature l Bonus wins are multiplied by the total bet. l This feature can randomly trigger on any spin. l This feature can trigger in base game and Free Spins. l Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. l 6 Bonus symbols anywhere on the reels trigger this feature. l Bonus symbols can award Jackpots and cash prizes. LockNWin™ Feature l Land 6 or more bonus symbols anywhere on the reels to trigger the LockNWin™ feature. l All symbols are removed from the reels except bonus symbols, which lock into place when they land. l 3 respins are awarded. l Bonus symbols with cash values are sticky. l Upgrade symbols are not sticky. l Every time a sticky bonus symbol lands, the respin count resets to 3. l LockNWin™ ends when the count runs out or the reels are full of bonus symbols. l Filling the reels with bonus symbols awards an Epic Jackpot. l Landing a Multiplier Upgrade instantly multiplies all on-screen cash values by up to 10x their original value. l Landing a Jackpot Upgrade increases the value of all jackpots by 1 tier, to a maximum of double their value. Bonus Wheel l Fill the progress bar to trigger the Bonus Wheel feature. l Every bonus symbol that lands increases the Bonus Wheel progress bar. l The Bonus Wheel can award a jackpot, an instant cash prize, or the Free Spins Wheel. l Progress on the bar is saved per bet level. Buy Feature l Activating this feature will instantly trigger the Free Spins Wheel or Bonus Wheel feature. l This feature is available in base game only. l The Free Spins Wheel cost is 55.02 x total bet. l The Bonus Wheel cost is 33.24 x total bet. l The bet level for the feature may be chosen in the buy menu. Autoplay l This feature is available in base game only. l Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. l Spins are played at the current selected bet. l The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. l Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. l Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. l Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. l Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. l Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Paytable Achievements l Paytable achievements track winning progress as the game is played. l Wins with symbol substitutions are not logged as achievements. l Winning symbol combinations are permanently highlighted on the achievements page. Bet Settings l Bet Amount: Sets the current bet value. l Bet Value buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. l Max Bet button: Sets the current bet to the maximum value. l Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. l Min Bet button: Sets the current bet to the minimum value. Game Controls l Spin button: Starts a reel spin. l Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. l Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. l Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. l Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. l Bet: Displays the current total bet. l Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. l Win: Displays the most recent win. l Balance: Displays the current balances. l Exit button: Exits the game. l Help button: Displays help and additional information. l Hold to Turbo Spin: Hold the spin button to enable Turbo Spin. Turbo Spin ends when the spin button is lifted. This does not influence the results of the spin. l Menu button: Opens the game menu. Desktop Controls l Bet controls: Increase or decrease the bet with the plus and minus symbols. l Info button: Opens the paytable menu. l Max Bet button: Sets the current bet to the maximum value. Game Menu l Banking button: Displays the banking page. l Settings button: Displays the game settings. l Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. l Home button: Exits the game. l Close button: Closes the game menu. l Some settings and features may not be available in this game. l Achievements button: Displays all achievements. l Sounds: Enables game sounds. l Big win toggle: Toggle big win celebration display on or off. l Splash page toggle: Toggles the splash page display on or off. Game Settings l Sounds: Enables game sounds. l Quickspin: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. l Big Win: Enables big win animations l Left-Handed Mode button: Enables left-handed mode. l Music: Enables game music. l Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. l Settings button: Displays the game settings. l Some settings and features may not be available in this game. l Splash page toggle: Toggles the splash page display on or off. l Turbospin button: Enables Turbospin to resolve spins faster than Quick Spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Game Terminology l FREE SPINS = FREE SPINS l WILD = WILD l MAX BET = MAX BET l JACKPOT = JACKPOT l EPIC JACKPOT = EPIC JACKPOT l GRAND JACKPOT = GRAND JACKPOT l MAJOR JACKPOT = MAJOR JACKPOT l MINOR JACKPOT = MINOR JACKPOT l MINI JACKPOT = MINI JACKPOT Additional Information l Some settings and features may not be available in this game. l Malfunction voids all pays and plays. l In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. l The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. l The results of the last game played are displayed. l If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. l Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. l Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. Return to Player l The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. l This value is fixed and does not change. l This game has an RTP of 96.05%. l The RTP during the buy bonus wheel feature is 96.00%. l The RTP during the buy freespins feature is 96.01%. Last modification date: 10/26/2021