Book of Atem WowPot About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the number of paylines played. Payline Rules This game includes 10 paylines. The number of paylines played is fixed. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Payout Rules Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. Wild Scatter The Book Symbol acts as a Wild and a Scatter. Wilds can substitute for all symbols to complete a winning combination. Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Expanding symbols. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Scatters can create their own winning combination when landing anywhere on the reels. Free Spins 3, 4 or 5 Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels trigger 10 Free Spins. Free Spins play out automatically. All lines played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. 3, 4 or 5 Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels retrigger 10 Free Spins. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Expanding Symbol This feature is available in Free Spins only. A random symbol will become the Expanding Symbol for the duration of Free Spins, except the Wild Scatter symbol. This symbol does not need to appear on adjacent reels to complete a winning combination. This symbol does not need to appear on the first slot reel to complete a winning combination. This symbol will only expand if it completes a winning combination. Expanding Symbol wins are added to regular wins. Progressive Jackpot Feature This feature can randomly trigger on any spin where at least one Wild Scatter has landed. The graphical Wild Scatters collection in the game is purely for visual entertainment and as such does not influence awarding a jackpot. The chance of triggering scales with bet. This feature consists of a wheel divided into coloured segments. Each segment is associated with a different progressive jackpot. The spinning of the wheel must be started by the player. Depending on where the wheel stops, the respective progressive jackpot is won. 4 jackpot prizes are available. The WOWPOT! progressive jackpot starts at 2 000 000 credits. The Major progressive jackpot starts at 50 000 credits. The Minor progressive jackpot starts at 100 credits. The Mini progressive jackpot starts at 10 credits. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. If this feature and Free Spins trigger simultaneously, Free Spins are played out first. If this feature is triggered during Free Spins, the feature starts after Free Spins have been finished. Progressive Jackpot Rules The current value of the progressive jackpot is displayed in the game. Progressive jackpots are only available to real players. A progressive jackpot is a constantly accumulating prize funded by a percentage of player wagers. When the progressive jackpot is won, all players worldwide are notified and the jackpot resets to the starting value. All progressive winnings are subject to final confirmation by the Casino and the software supplier. Their decision is final and no correspondence will be entered into. The Casino has taken every possible precaution to ensure that the progressive value displayed in the game matches the value on the Casino server. The progressive jackpot value on the server is used when the progressive jackpot is paid out. The Casino management and software supplier have the right to change or amend any of these rules and regulations at their discretion. If the Casino management and software supplier waiver any of these rules and regulations, this does not mean they will automatically be waived in the future. Paytable Achievements Winning symbol combinations are permanently highlighted on the payout table. Only base game wins are logged as achievements. Wins with symbol substitutions are not logged as achievements. Paytable achievements track winning progress as the game is played. Bet Settings Bet Amount: Sets the current bet value. Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Game Controls Balance: Displays the Casino balances. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Menu button: Displays a menu of general system and game options. Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Pressing the Spin button during the current spin stops the reels quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Home button: Exits the game. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The Casino balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last spin played are displayed. If a spin request does not reach the Casino server before disconnection, the results of the previous spin played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. This value is fixed and does not change. This game has an RTP of 88.20%. The Progressive Jackpot contribution is an additional 5.30%. The maximum win from a single game is £135,000. Last modification date: 10/14/2020