Treasure Tiles Scarab About this Game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other in this pattern. Way wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. This game is played with credits only. This game includes 1024 ways. There are 5 reels, 4 rows in the base game. There are 5 reels, 6 rows in bonus features. A special row of multipliers is activated in bonus features. Spins within the Bonus feature will be called bonus spins/plays. Spins within the Luxor Bonus feature will be called bonus spins/plays. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. Payout Rules Wins are multiplied by the total bet. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. If multiple winning combinations land on a single way, only the highest win is awarded. The total payout is the sum of all way wins resulting from a spin. Way win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. Way Rules A way is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other in this pattern. This game includes 1024 ways. Way wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Wild Symbols Wild symbols appear on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5 during the base game. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Scarab symbols. Treasure Tiles™ Treasure Tiles Scarab™ is using a special game mechanics - Treasure Tiles™. In Treasure Tiles Scarab™, the player gets a 5x6 cash wall and random plays that may award different prizes and modifiers. During bonus plays, shining selection arrays move randomly and select prizes. Prizes are cash, arrows and extra plays. Modifiers are multiplier columns and jackpot diamonds. Cash prize values are 0.5x, 1x, 2x, 3x, 6x, 10x, 20x, and 50x bet. The number of extra plays may be 2, 3 or 4. A position with an arrow awards all prizes on the row or column given this position. Multipliers are located in a special row at the bottom of the reels. Each column has its multiplier. When a win happens on a column with a multiplier, that multiplier is activated, and its value is applied to the win. The starting value of each multiplier is 1x. After each play, the column where the selection array picked a cell gets an increase of 1. Before any bonus feature starts, 15 positions except arrows get an overlay of either 1 or 2 diamonds. Diamonds have different colours: blue, green, purple, and red. When a position with an overlay diamond is picked, those diamonds are awarded to the corresponding Jackpot meter. There are 4 Jackpot meters: Mini, Minor, Major, and Mega. Filling a meter will award the corresponding Jackpot. Mini requires 3 blue diamonds. Minor requires 4 green diamonds. Major requires 5 purple diamonds. Mega requires 6 red diamonds. The jackpot values are Mini (10x), Minor (30x), Major (100x), and Mega (1 000x). The game has 2 bonus features featuring the Treasure Tiles™ game mechanics: Bonus and Luxor Bonus. Bonus Feature This bonus feature is available in the base game only. The Bonus feature uses the Treasure Tiles™ game mechanics. Landing a Blue Scarab anywhere on the reels gives a chance to trigger the Bonus. The increase in the number of blue gems displayed in the pot does not reflect or affect the probability of activating the Bonus feature. When triggered, the feature gives the player 5 bonus plays and the wall of cash prizes with starting positions of 2 arrows and 2 extra plays symbols. The feature ends when no more bonus plays are available. When the feature ends, each symbols indicated value is calculated together and paid as the total win of the feature. The feature is played at the same cost as the game that triggered the feature. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Bonus spins are free to players. Bonus spins play out automatically. Luxor Bonus feature This bonus feature is available in the base game only. Landing a Red Scarab anywhere on the reels gives a chance to trigger the Luxor Bonus. The Luxor Bonus feature uses the Treasure Tiles™ game mechanics. The increase in the number of red gems displayed in the pot does not reflect or affect the probability of activating the Luxor Bonus feature. When triggered, the feature gives the player 7 bonus plays and the wall of cash prizes with starting positions of 3 arrows and 2 extra plays symbols. The feature ends when no more bonus plays are available. When the feature ends, each symbols indicated value is calculated together and paid as the total win of the feature. The feature is played at the same cost as the game that triggered the feature. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Bonus spins are free to players. Bonus spins play out automatically. Pharaoh's Revenge Feature This feature is available in the base game only. Pharaoh's Revenge triggers randomly. During the feature, 1-4 stacks of high-paying symbols fall on the reels with the chance of landing more. The feature ends when winnings are paid. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Bet: Set the current bet value. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Aborting Autoplay or stopping the reels during Autoplay will not affect the outcome of the game. Autoplay will automatically stop if a Bonus feature is triggered This feature is available in base game only. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Bet Increase button: Increases the current bet. Bet Decrease button: Decreases the current bet. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Defaultspin button: Enables Defaultspin to resolve spins at default speed. This does not influence the results of the spin. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Turbospin button: Enables Turbospin to resolve spins even faster than Quickspin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Balance: Displays the current balances. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. A click or tap on the reels stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Game Menu Home button: Exits the game. Paytable button: Displays payout tables. Bet Settings Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Game Terminology WILD = WILD TREASURE TILES™ = TREASURE TILES LUXOR BONUS = LUXOR BONUS BONUS = BONUS BIG WIN = BIG WIN MEGA WIN = MEGA WIN EPIC WIN = EPIC WIN UNREAL = UNREAL START = START SPIN = SPIN STOP = STOP MINI = MINI MINOR = MINOR MAJOR = MAJOR MEGA = MEGA Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Start to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Use Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select No Thanks to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. This feature is only available in selected games. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Spacebar: Pressing this keyboard button will start or stop a reel spin. Spacebar: Holding down this keyboard button will start a quickspin. Enter: Pressing this keyboard button will start or stop a reel spin. Enter: Holding down this keyboard button will start a quickspin. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Last modification date: 7/1/2025