Plinball About this Game Drop a ball from the top of the board into the multiplier pockets at the bottom of the board. Landing a ball in a multiplier pocket awards a cash prize based on your bet value and the multiplier. Choose the number of rows you want to play with for bigger wins and more variety. Choose the risk level you want to play at, increasing the multipliers for bigger risk. Ball Batch The Ball Batch controls allow you to choose the number of balls to drop in a single bet. You can select up to a maximum of 100 balls to drop. Ball Batch drops count as a single bet. Ball Batch drops cannot be stopped once the bet has been placed. The number of balls you can drop will be limited if the total bet amount for a batch exceeds the maximum bet allowed in the game. Game Menu Home button: Exits the game. Banking button: Displays the banking page. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Music: Switches music On/Off. Information button: Displays game information. Sounds: Switches sound On/Off. Game Controls Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Win: Displays your latest win. Bet: Displays the current bet. Balance: Displays your current balance. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Help button: Displays help and additional information. (+) and (-) Bet buttons: Changes the bet value per ball Balls buttons: Changes the number of balls dropped in a single bet. Rows buttons: Changes the number of rows used in the game. Risk buttons: Changes the level of risk. History: Displays a tally of the multiplier pockets you have landed in. Play button: Starts a round. Free Games Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. After a player selects a Free Game offer, they may choose how to play their Free Games with each Free Game representing 1 game. A Free Games offer is a number of free game rounds awarded to a player. These can also be done in combination to complete all available Free Games in the Free Game Offer. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Last modification date: 6/26/2025