Triple Tiki Super Free Spins About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the number of coins multiplied by the coin size. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the bet multiplier played. Payline Rules This game includes 25 paylines. The number of paylines played is fixed. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Payline wins are awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payout Rules Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. Winning combination payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The total payout is the sum of all winning combination wins resulting from a spin. Disclaimer: The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Wild Symbols Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Wheel Bonus Trigger symbols, Free Spins Scatter symbols and +1x Base Game Multiplier symbols. Wild symbols do not appear on reel 1. This symbol does not have a payout. Wild symbols appear in the base game and Free Spins. Wheel Bonus This feature can trigger in base game only. Collect 1 Trigger symbol on each reel from reels 1 - 5 to trigger the Wheel Bonus. 1 Trigger symbol is collected per reel. Collection is persistent until all 5 reels are collected. Collection is persistent for each bet level available. The wheel will spin once and award a single wedge containing a prize. The wheel has the following prize wedges: Red Tiki - 5000x Bet Purple Tiki - 500x Bet Green Tiki - 50x Bet Blue Tiki - 15x Bet Free Spins Super Free Spins with All Upgrades Base Game Multiplier Symbol Each base game multiplier symbol landing on reels 1 - 5 during any base game spin will increment the base game multiplier by one. The accumulated multiplier is applied to the next base game win including line wins and scatter pay wins. When the accumulated multiplier is applied to the next base game win it resets back to 1x. The accumulated multiplier is not applied to the Free Spins or the Wheel bonus. Free Spins Land 3 or more Free Spins Scatters to trigger 5 Free Spins. Free Spins Scatters appear on reels 1-5 in the base game. Free Spins can also be won from the Wheel bonus. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. All lines played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Prior to the Free Spins starting the Upgrade Pick Bonus is played. The number of free spins, the multiplier and the final symbol set are determined by the results of the Upgrade Pick Bonus. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Free Spins are played on a different reel set from the base game. Free Spins Upgrade Pick Bonus Pick Bonus Lava Ball When the Free Spins are triggered the Free Spins Upgrade Pick Bonus feature is played. Select Pick Bonus Lava Balls to reveal upgrades to the Free Spins. Upgrades available are the following: More Free Spins Increased Multiplier High Symbol only reel set The Pick Bonus ends when the "Start Free Spins" Lava Ball is selected at which time the upgrades are tallied and the Free Spins are played. Buy Feature Press the Buy button to buy the Free Spins feature. The Free Spins Upgrade Pick Bonus will be revealed once the Buy Feature is confirmed. The Buy feature costs 100 times the total bet amount. Select a bet amount and then confirm your selection by pressing the Buy Button. Press the X button to cancel the Buy Feature option. This feature is available in base game only. Game Controls Buy Feature button: Displays the option to purchase the Free Spins feature. Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Spacebar: Pressing this keyboard button will start or stop a reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Play button: Continues the game. Fast Play button: toggles Fast Play on and off. Bet button: Opens the Bet dialog. Bet Up button: Increases the current bet up to the next highest available bet. Bet Down button: Decreases the current bet down to the next lowest available bet. Max Bet button: Sets the current bet to the maximum value. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay start button: Starts Autoplay session. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Game Menu button: Displays the game settings and game payout table. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Sounds button: Toggle sounds on or off. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Lobby button: Exits the game. Banking button: Displays the banking page. Help button: Displays help and additional information. Game Menu System Menu button: Displays additional system options. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Return button: Returns to the game. Bet Settings Coin Size: Sets the coin value. Number of Coins: Sets the number of coins. Autoplay The Autoplay start button starts the Autoplay session based on your selected options. Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. If any condition is met to stop the session, all AutoPlay settings return to default. If you are disconnected, AutoPlay will stop. All AutoPlay settings return to default when the game is reloaded. Game Settings Intro Screen button: Toggle to turn the game Intro Screen on or off. Mute All Sounds button: Toggle to mute all game sounds. Background Music button: Toggle to turn background music on or off. Sound Effects button: Toggle to turn game sound effects on or off. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Values are calculated initially by dividing the total possible payouts by the total possible outcomes that are available within the game. Values reflect the average expected return and do not change. RTP: 94.14%. Buy Feature: 94.05% Last modification date: 2/14/2024