Double Beef Up the Bonus About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the number of coins multiplied by the coin size. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the bet multiplier played. Payline Rules This game includes 20 paylines. The number of paylines played is fixed. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Payline wins are awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payout Rules The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. Wild Symbols Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Scatters, Wheel, Beef Up and Link&Win™ symbols. Wild symbols appear on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5. Scatter Symbols Scatters can create their own winning combination when landing anywhere on the reels. Link&Win™ Symbol Coin symbols can appear on all reels. Coin Wild symbols appear in the Free Spins only. Coin and Coin Wild are Link&Win™ symbols. Link&Win™ Upgrade Trail Beef Up symbols randomly appear on any symbols except Wheel, Wild, Scatter and Coin symbols in base game only. Collect Beef Up symbols to fill the Link&Win™ Upgrade Trail. Link&Win™ level is the same as the base game which triggered the feature. Play begins with level 1 active. Land 6 or more Link&Win™ symbols to trigger the Link&Win™ feature. Link&Win™ feature can also be triggered from the Wheel feature, and it will begin with 6-14 randomly generated Link&Win™ symbols. All Link&Win™ symbols are held and 3 respins awarded. Additional Link&Win™ symbols that land, are held, and respins reset to 3. Each Link&Win™ symbol awards a cash prize of 0.5x, 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 10x, 15x, 20x, 25x or 50x bet. All held cash prizes are awarded at the end of the feature 15 Link&Win™ symbols does not award the Mega. Collect 20 Beef Up symbols to upgrade to level 2 of the Link&Win™ Upgrade Trail. All rules from level 1 remain the same plus level 2 will unlock an additional reel set. All triggering Link&Win™ symbols are duplicated on both reel sets. Each reel set will spin individually. All Link&Win™ symbols are held and 3 respins awarded for each reel set. Additional Link&Win™ symbols that land within a reel set, are held, and respins for that reel set are reset to 3. The feature ends when no spins remain in all unlocked reel sets or when all unlocked reels are filled with 15 Link&Win™ symbols. 15 Link&Win™ symbols on any one unlocked set or both unlocked sets of reels does not award the Mega. Level 2 Link&Win™ upgrade continues to be active until upgrading to level 3. Two reel sets will continue to be active in this level and all upper levels. Collect 40 Beef Up symbols to upgrade to level 3 of the Link&Win™ Upgrade Trail. All rules from level 2 remain the same plus level 3 add active multipliers, as indicated below, to all initially blank positions. One of the 30x, 40x, 50x, 60x or 70x multipliers is active and held on one randomly selected initially blank position in each reel set respectively. One of the 2x, 3x or 5x multipliers is active and held on all the other initially blank positions in each reel set respectively. Level 3 Link&Win™ upgrade continues to be active until upgrading to level 4. All multipliers are applied to their respective cash prizes at the end of the feature. Collect 60 Beef Up symbols to upgrade to level 4 of the Link&Win™ Upgrade Trail. All rules from level 3 remain the same plus level 4 will add active multipliers, as indicated below, to all initially blank positions in each reel set respectively. Land any Link&Win™ symbols in a reel set to increase all the multipliers on all the other remaining positions without Link&Win™ symbols in that reel set. One of the 30x, 40x, 50x, 60x or 70x multipliers is active on one randomly selected blank position in each reel set respectively. 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, 10x, 50x or 120x will be added each increase to a maximum of 1 030x. Link&Win™ symbols landing on these positions have a cash prize of 0.5x, 1x, 2x, 3x or 4x bet. One of the 2x, 3x or 5x multipliers is active on all the other initially blank positions in each reel set respectively. 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 8x or 10x will be added each increase to a maximum of 85x. Link&Win™ symbols landing on these positions have a cash prize of 0.5x, 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 10x, 15x, 20x, 25x or 50x bet. Level 4 Link&Win™ upgrade will continue to be active. Free Spins Land 3 or more Scatters to trigger 10 Free Spins. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Land 3 or more Scatters to trigger 3 additional Free Spins. Coin Wild symbols are stacked, appear on one reel at a time, and move from reel 1 to reel 5 and then from reel 5 to reel 1 from spin to spin in the Free Spins. Coin Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except Scatters. Link&Win™ feature can be won with the same upgrade level as the base game that triggered the feature. All bets and lines played are the same as the spin that triggered the feature. Wheel Feature Wheel symbols appear on reels 1, 3 and 5 during Base Game only. Land 3 Wheel symbols to trigger the Wheel Feature. Spin the Wheel to win a prize. The Wheel has the following prize wedges: Mega: 5000X bet Major: 500X bet Minor: 50X bet Maxi: 10X bet Mini: 5X bet Free Spins Link&Win™ Feature Mega, Major, Minor, Maxi, Mini can only be won during the Wheel Feature. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Select anywhere on the reels to stop the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Spacebar: Pressing this keyboard button will start or stop a reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay start button: Starts Autoplay session. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Fast Play button: Toggles Fast Play on or off. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Bet Increase button: Increases the current bet. Bet Decrease button: Decreases the current bet. Media button: Display additional in-game media content. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Balance: Displays the current balances. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Game Menu Menu button: Displays additional game options. Lobby button: Exits the game. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Banking button: Displays the banking page. Close button: Closes the game menu. Game Settings Sounds: Enables game sounds. Music: Enables game music. Sound Effects: Toggles the game's sound effects on or off. Intro Screen: Toggles the introductory screen on or off. Spacebar: Toggle to turn Push Spacebar To Spin on or off. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. This feature is available in base game only. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Fast Play button: Toggles to turn Fast Play on or off to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Translation of Game Terms Big Win - Big Win Super Win - Super Win Ultra Win - Ultra Win Epic Win - Epic Win Link&Win™ Upgrade Trail - Link&Win™ Upgrade Trail Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of additional game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired, the next available offer is displayed. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. RTP: 94.01% Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Last modification date: 11/18/2025