Chicks in Vegas About this Game This is a 5 reel 4 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels to land the symbols in different combinations. As winning combinations are highlighted on the reels, a payout is awarded. Payline Rules The number of paylines played is fixed. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. Line wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right only on adjacent reels. This game includes 40 paylines. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. Payout Rules Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins resulting from a spin. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. Collect Feature When a collect symbol lands on reel 5, the total value of all coins on the reels is awarded. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. This feature can be triggered in the base game. Coin Symbols Land a Coin for a chance to increase your win! Coins of any colour may award 0.5x - 50x bet. Coins may appear on reels 1 - 4 in the base game. Collect Symbol A Collect symbol may land on reel 5 in the base game. Jackpot Token Jackpot tokens may appear in the base and bonus games anywhere on the reels. In the base game, each Base Jackpot token randomly increases one of the Jackpots' value by 0.5x bet. In bonus games, Bonus Jackpot tokens are collected to a corresponding Jackpot. Jackpots: Mini, Minor, Major, Grand Collect 2 Bonus Jackpot tokens of a relevant colour in any bonus game to win the Mini Jackpot. Mini Jackpot awards 10x - 20x bet. Collect 3 Bonus Jackpot tokens of a relevant colour in any bonus game to win the Minor Jackpot. Minor Jackpot grants 30x - 50x bet. Collect 4 Bonus Jackpot tokens of a relevant colour in any bonus game to win the Major Jackpot. Major Jackpot bestows 250x - 500x bet. Collect 5 Bonus Jackpot tokens of a relevant colour in any bonus game to win the Grand Jackpot. Grand Jackpot pours down a stunning 5 000x - 10 000x bet. Jackpot values scale with bet changes. Bonus Games There are 3 bonus games that can be triggered in the base game. Bonus games can be triggered when a corresponding coin is collected by a relevant chick. Before entering one of the bonus games, it is possible to customize a casino in which the game will be played. Choosing a custom casino to play at, a player is granted the Wheel of Odds. Lucky Locks is played with blue coins. Double Fever is played with green coins. Multi Rush is played with yellow coins. The Wheel of Odds Spin the wheel for an extra bonus perk chance! Visit Le Fowl Paradis casino to spin the wheel of odds trying to win Extra Spin that increases the reset value of the spins by 1. Visit Clucky Star casino to spin the wheel of odds trying to win Jackpot maximiser that increments the bonus game jackpots to their maximum value. Jackpot maximiser is applied only in the bonus game. Visit Eggzy Scarab casino to spin the wheel of odds trying to win an additional Bonus Jackpot token that increases your chances of winning one of the Jackpots. Double Fever Bonus Game Double Fever bonus is played with 2 independent arrays, each on a 5 x 4 grid. There is a chance of triggering the Funky Up feature during the bonus game, which is represented as a special disco ball coin. This bonus game has initially 3 spins that are played independently on each array. When a green coin or a special disco ball coin is locked upon landing on the reel, the spin counter resets to its initial value. Double Fever bonus ends when each independent array has either completed all spins or filled all positions. Funky Up Feature A special disco ball coin increases the value of 4 random green coins on the reels. If there are less than 4 coins, the value is added to every landed coin. Multi Rush Bonus Game Multi Rush bonus is played on a 5 x 4 grid. Every spin a random multiplier of 2x, 3x, or 5x is awarded. The corresponding multiplier is applied immediately on new yellow coins on the reels. This bonus game has initially 3 spins. When a yellow coin is locked upon landing on the reel, the spin counter resets to its initial value. Multi Rush bonus ends when an array has either completed all spins or filled all positions. Lucky Locks Bonus Game Lucky Locks bonus is initially played on a 5 x 4 grid, but it can be expanded up to 5 x 8 grid, unlocking 4 additional rows. At the beginning of the bonus game upper rows are locked. To unlock 1 additional row, it is required to collect 8 blue coins. To unlock 2 additional rows, it is required to collect 12 blue coins. To unlock 3 additional rows, it is required to collect 16 blue coins. To unlock 4 additional rows, it is required to collect 20 blue coins. This bonus game has initially 3 spins. When a blue coin is locked upon landing on the reel, the spin counter resets to its initial value. Lucky Locks bonus ends when all spins are completed, or all positions are filled. Wild Symbols Wilds can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wilds can substitute for all symbols except coin and collect symbols. Autoplay This feature is available in base game only. Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. The spacebar/enter performs the function of a spin button. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Balance: Displays the current balances. Game Menu Menu button: Displays additional game options. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Audio button: Toggles the game audio. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Game Settings Audio: Enables the game audio. Show Video Intro: Displays the video intro on game launch. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of additional game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired, the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information In-game video is used for promotional purposes only. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. RTP - 94.23% Translation of Game Terms Big Win - Big Win Bonus - Bonus Collect symbol - Collect symbol Clucky Star - Casino name Double Fever Bonus - Double Fever Bonus Eggzy Scarab - Casino name Epic Win - Epic Win Extra Spin - Bonus perk Funky Up - Funky Up Feature Grand - Grand (prize) It's bonus time! - Bonus animation Jackpot Maximiser - Bonus perk Jackpot Token - Bonus perk Le Fowl Paradis - Casino name Lucky Locks Bonus - Lucky Locks Bonus Major - Major (prize) Mega Win - Mega Win Mini - Mini (prize) Minor - Minor (prize) Multi Rush Bonus - Multi Rush Bonus Last modification date: 11/4/2025