Magic Jokers About this Game This is a 5 reel 4 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Payline Rules This game includes 40 paylines. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. A win is awarded when at least 3 matching symbols or mixed pay combination symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. The number of paylines played is fixed. Only the highest win is paid per line. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the payline cost of 20. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the paylines played. Payout Rules Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable in a single payout. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Mixed Pay Combination A mixed pay combination is when 3 or more different high symbols combine to complete a regular win combination. A minimum of 3 symbols are required in order to be eligible for a payout. If there is more than one regular winning combination for the same symbol on a payline, you are paid out the value of the highest win. In this game there are 7, 77 and 777 symbols. Any 3 of these symbols can combine to complete a regular win combination. The wild symbol can substitute to complete a mixed pay combination. Wild Symbols Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Scatter and Bonus symbols. Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wild symbols appear in base game and Free Spins. Scatter Symbols Scatter symbols appear on reels 2, 3 and 4. Scatter symbols can create their own winning combination. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Scatters pay in any position. Scatter wins are added to regular wins. Scatters appear in base game and Free Spins. Bonus Symbols Bonus symbols appear on reels 2, 3 and 4. Land 3 Bonus symbols to trigger the Bump Up™ feature. During the Bump Up™ feature, reach the top ladder position to win 5 000x total bet. During the Bump Up™ feature, collect Bonus symbols to increase the ladder position. This symbol does not have a payout. Special Bonus Symbols During the Bump Up™ feature, special Bonus symbols appear on reels 2, 3 or 4. During the Bump Up™ feature, reach the top ladder position to win 5 000x total bet. During the Bump Up™ feature, one special Bonus symbol will complete the collect requirement and increase the ladder position by one tier. Special Bonus symbols appear in the Bump Up™ feature only. This symbol does not have a payout. Bump Up™ Feature 3 Bonus symbols landing on reels 2, 3 and 4 trigger this feature. 4 free respins are awarded. Triggering Bonus symbols are cleared from the reels and all symbol positions spin again. Any special Bonus symbols or Bonus symbols that land during the feature will be collected. A special Bonus symbol or Bonus symbol is removed from the reels during collection. A special Bonus symbol will be collected before a Bonus symbol. A special Bonus symbol that lands on the reels will increase the ladder position by one tier. An indicated number of Bonus symbols per tier require collection in order to increase the ladder position. A special Bonus symbol or indicated number of Bonus symbols per tier must be collected within the remaining respins in order to increase the ladder position. After an increase of the ladder position, any remaining Bonus symbols will contribute towards the next collection. Increasing the ladder position resets the remaining respins to 4. The feature ends when either no respins remain or when the top cash prize has been won. The final multiplier value and win awarded will be determined when either no respins remain or when the top cash prize has been won. The final multiplier value and win awarded is related to the ladder position reached during the feature. The feature can award from 5x to 5 000x the total bet. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Wins awarded during the feature are not multiplied by the Free Spins multiplier. Ladder tier payouts are not cumulative. All bets and lines played are the same as the spin that triggered the feature. The feature includes special Bonus symbols, Bonus symbols and blank symbol positions only. The feature can be triggered during base game and Free Spins. Should a symbol win occur in conjunction with the trigger of this feature, the symbol win will be awarded before entry into this feature. Free Spins cannot be triggered in conjunction with this feature. Free Spins 3 Scatter symbols trigger Free Spins. All line wins are multiplied by the active Free Spins multiplier. Spin the Free Spins Randomizer to be awarded a random combination of Free Spins, multiplier and Bonus symbol density. 8, 10, 12 or 15 Free Spins can be awarded. A 2x, 3x, 4x or 5x multiplier can be awarded. One of four different Bonus symbol density levels can be awarded. The Bonus symbol density ranges from lowest to highest, which are level 1 to level 4. Higher Bonus symbol density levels relate to a higher probability of triggering the Bump Up™ feature. Free Spins play out automatically. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Free Spins can be retriggered. The same number of Free Spins, multiplier and Bonus symbol density awarded on a retrigger are equal to the initial Free Spins feature entry. Additional Free Spins are added to the remaining Free Spins. All lines played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Upsizer™ Feature The feature may not be available in all regions. This feature is offered after the Free Spins Randomizer has been spun. This feature allows available Feature Modifiers to be purchased before Free Spins begins. The Free Spins Randomizer result will affect what Feature Modifiers are available for purchase. Any available Feature Modifiers are presented with their calculated purchase costs. Once a Feature Modifier is selected, a confirmation prompt will display with details of the purchase. Feature Modifier options are activated at the prices displayed. Selecting the 'Start Free Spins' button will start the Free Spins feature. The feature may be limited or made inaccessible while the bet exceeds a specified amount. Selecting the '?' button displays a dialog box with descriptions of the Feature Modifiers. Feature Modifiers are reset once Free Spins has ended. Buy Feature Selecting the active Buy Feature button will open the Buy Feature. The Buy Feature allows the purchase of immediate access to the Free Spins Randomizer and the subsequent Free Spins feature. A cost dialog displays the calculated purchase cost. The Buy Feature cost is 50x bet. Updating the current bet amount will update the cost of the feature. Once the ‘Buy’ button is selected, a confirmation prompt will display with details of the purchase. Selecting the ‘✓’ button will complete the Buy Feature purchase. Selecting the ‘X’ button will close the Buy Feature. Bet changes are applied on confirmation of the Buy Feature purchase. The feature is played at the current bet. This feature is available in base game only. The feature may be limited or made inaccessible while the bet exceeds a specified amount. The feature may not be available in all regions. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Balance: Displays the current balances. Win: Displays the most recent win. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Spin Settings button: Displays additional spin options. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Buy Feature button: Displays the option to purchase the Free Spins feature. Game Menu Menu button: Displays additional game options. Close button: Closes the game menu. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Banking button: Displays the banking page. Home button: Exits the game. Game Settings Sounds: Enables game sounds. Bet Settings Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Autoplay Settings Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Bet: Sets the current bet value. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. This feature is available in base game only. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. This feature is only available in selected games. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Values are calculated initially by dividing the total possible payouts by the total possible outcomes that are available within the game. Values reflect the maximum expected return and do not change. RTP: 94.21%. RTP in Upsizer™: 94.21%. RTP with Buy Feature: 94.10%. The probability of triggering certain game events may change during gameplay depending on the current game state or progress. Last modification date: 7/11/2023