Buffalo Ways About this Game ´üČ This is a 6 reel 4 row video slot game. ´üČ The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. ´üČ Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Way Rules ´üČ This game includes 4096 ways. ´üČ A way is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs across the reels. ´üČ A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other in this pattern. ´üČ Way wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Bet Rules ´üČ Each spin played costs a total bet amount. ´üČ The initial bet is the current total bet pided by the way cost of 40. ´üČ The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the ways played. Payout Rules ´üČ Way win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. ´üČ The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. ´üČ The total payout is the sum of all way wins resulting from a spin. ´üČ If multiple winning combinations land on a single way, only the highest win is awarded. ´üČ Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. ´üČ The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. ´üČ The Paytable displays the payouts in a player's currency. ´üČ The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. Wild Symbols ´üČ Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Free Spins symbols. ´üČ This symbol appears on reels 2 - 6 only. ´üČ This symbol does not have a payout. Free Spins ´üČ Free Spins symbols do not have a payout. ´üČ 3, 4, 5 or 6 Free Spins symbols anywhere on the reels trigger this feature. ´üČ 8, 15, 25, or 100 Free Spins are awarded respectively. ´üČ Free Spins play out automatically. ´üČ 2, 3, 4, 5 or 6 Free Spins symbols anywhere on the reels during Free Spins retrigger this feature. ´üČ 5, 8, 15, 25 or 100 Free Spins are awarded respectively. ´üČ Free Spins can be retriggered infinitely. ´üČ During Free Spins Wild multiply wins x5, x3 or x2 when substituting. ´üČ Multiplier values are added together when more than 1 multiplier is applied ´üČ Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. ´üČ All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Game Controls ´üČ Spin button: Starts a reel spin. ´üČ Pressing the Spin button during the current spin stops the reels quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. ´üČ Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. ´üČ Mute button: Disables game sounds and music. ´üČ Unmute button: Enables game sounds and music. ´üČ Help button: Displays help and additional information. ´üČ Banking button: Displays the cashier. ´üČ Home button: Exits the game. ´üČ Bet: Displays the current total bet. ´üČ Win: Displays the most recent win. ´üČ Balance: Displays the current balances. ´üČ Menu button: Displays additional game options. ´üČ Bet Increase button: Increases the current bet. ´üČ Bet Decrease button: Decreases the current bet. ´üČ Turbo Mode button: Enables Turbo Mode to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. ´üČ Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay ´üČ Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. ´üČ Total Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. ´üČ Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. ´üČ Win Feature: Select this option to end Autoplay session when trigger feature. ´üČ Single Win: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. ´üČ The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. ´üČ Spins are played at the current selected bet. Game Menu ´üČ Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. ´üČ Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. ´üČ Help button: Displays help and additional information. ´üČ Payout button: Displays payout of the last spin. ´üČ History button: Displays the history of spins' result. ´üČ Notification button: Displays notifications. ´üČ Settings button: Displays the game settings. ´üČ Close button: Closes the game menu. Additional Information ´üČ Some settings and features may not be available in this game. ´üČ Malfunction voids all pays and plays. ´üČ In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. ´üČ The results of the last game played are displayed. ´üČ The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. ´üČ If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. ´üČ Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. ´üČ Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. Return to Player ´üČ The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. ´üČ This value is fixed and does not change. ´üČ This game has an RTP of 96.04%. Glossary ´üČ GLOSSARY - GLOSSARY ´üČ BIG WIN - BIG WIN ´üČ HUGE WIN - HUGE WIN ´üČ TOTAL WIN - TOTAL WIN ´üČ FREE SPINS - FREE SPINS ´üČ WILD - WILD ´üČ WAYS - WAYS Last modification date: 6/30/2022