Plenty of Presents About this Game Welcome to Plenty of Presents. l This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. l This game has 10 lines. It features Buy Free Spins, Here Comes Santa Claus, Multiplier Wild, and Free Spins with Jingle Wilds. General Win on a line pays if the same symbol appears in succession on adjacent reels, from the leftmost position to the rightmost position according to the PAYTABLE. l Simultaneous wins on different lines are added. l Only the highest win per line is paid. Wild symbols substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a line according to the PAYTABLE. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except Scatter symbols and Multiplier Wild symbols. Multiplier Wild In the base game, the possible multipliers a Multiplier Wild can award are X1, X2, and X3. In the base game, X2 and X3 Multiplier Wild appear only on reels 2, 3, and 4. In Free Spins, the possible multipliers a Multiplier Wild can award are X1, X2, X3, X4, and X5. More than one can appear on a payline, with any multipliers awarded multiplied by one another. For example, a X2 Multiplier Wild and a X3 Multiplier Wild awards a total multiplier of X6 on that line. Free Spins If 3, 4, or 5 Scatter symbols have landed anywhere on the reels, then 8, 15, or 30 Free Spins are awarded, respectively. Landing additional Scatter symbols award additional Free Spins. Landing 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5 Scatter symbols award an additional 2, 5, 8, 15, and 30 Free Spins, respectively. The last bet placed in the game is used as the Free Spins bet amount. Jingle Wilds In Free Spins, before every spin, every visible Scatter symbol triggers Jingle Wilds. All Scatter symbols and all symbols adjacent to them will convert into X1 Multiplier Wild symbols. If Multiplier Wild symbols are already adjacent to the Scatter symbols, then they will upgrade to the next, more valuable Multiplier Wild. l A symbol can be upgraded more than once if it is adjacent to more than 1 Scatter. These Multiplier Wild symbol positions on the reelstrips will remain as Multiplier Wild symbol positions for the remainder of Free Spins. l X5 Multiplier Wild cannot be upgraded further. l The winnings of each spin are calculated before Jingle Wilds triggers. Here Comes Santa Claus In the base game, there is a chance to be awarded between 2 - 4 random Scatter symbols. If Here Comes Santa Claus is triggered, then the Scatter symbols can appear on any reel in any order. l This feature is randomly triggered during the spin. Buy Free Spins l In the Buy Free Spins feature, guaranteed Free Spins can be purchased at a multiple of the current bet. l Buy Free Spins feature can only be used at any time a bet change can take place. l The options are: l At least 8 Free Spins for 90X the current bet. l At least 15 Free Spins for 159X the current bet. l 30 Free Spins for 314X the current bet. l When choosing 8 or 15 Free Spins, there is a chance to land more Scatter symbols. l The Buy Free Spins feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Game Terms Translations The following list is only applicable in a language other than English PLENTY OF PRESENTS - PLENTY OF PRESENTS l BUY FREE SPINS - BUY FREE SPINS l FREE SPINS - FREE SPINS l HERE COMES SANTA CLAUS - HERE COMES SANTA CLAUS l JINGLE WILDS - JINGLE WILDS l MULTIPLIER WILD - MULTIPLIER WILD l WILD / WILDS - WILD / WILDS l BIG WIN - BIG WIN l MEGA WIN - MEGA WIN l EPIC WIN - EPIC WIN l JUST FOR THE WIN - JUST FOR THE WIN Game Controls Autoplay settings: Select a number of spins to auto play by selecting a value. Start and stop the Autoplay by pressing the spin button. l Balance field: Displays the current account balance. Bet field: Displays the current bet size. l Bet settings: Change the bet size by selecting a value. Spin Button: Start the game with the current bet size as displayed in the bet field. Clicking or tapping anywhere on the reels during a spin displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. l Win field: Displays the pay in a winning round. l Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Game Menu Advanced settings: Navigate to the Responsible Gaming pages. l Advanced settings: Open the Advanced Settings menu. l Advanced settings: Turn Quick Spin on or off. l Banking: Navigate to the Banking pages. Lobby: Navigate back to the lobby. l Menu button: Displays additional game options. l Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. l Sound settings: Turn sound on or off. l Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. This value is fixed and does not change. l This game has an RTP of 96.42% with Buy Free Spins. l This game has an RTP of 96.15% without Buy Free Spins. Additional Information Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. Last modification date: 12/1/2021