Almighty Aztec About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the number of paylines played. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed on each payline played. Payline Rules This game includes 10 paylines. The number of paylines played is fixed. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payline wins run from left to right and right to left, starting from the first and last reel respectively. Payout Rules If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Spin Settings button: Displays additional spin options. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Increase Bet button: Increases the Total Bet. Decrease Bet button: Decreases the Total Bet. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Credits: Displays the Casino balances. Buy Feature button: Displays the option to purchase Free Spins. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Game Menu Menu button: Displays additional game options. Home button: Exits the game. Banking Button: Displays banking page Settings button: Displays the game settings. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Game Settings Sounds: Enables game sounds. Quickspin: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Left Hand Mode: Activates left hand mode. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. The Casino balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last spin played are displayed. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. If a spin request does not reach the Casino server before disconnection, the results of the previous spin played are displayed. Wild Symbol When a Wild lands it expands to fill the reel. Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Scatters. This symbol appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. Quetzalcoatl Feature Queztalcoatl can fly across the reels and drop up to 3 Wilds. Wilds can land on reels 2, 3 and 4. Scatter Symbol Scatters can create their own winning combination when landing anywhere on the reels. This symbol appears in base game only. Scatter prizes displayed are based on total bet, and are not further multiplied. Free Spins 3, 4 or 5 Bonus symbols anywhere on the reels trigger this feature. 5, 8 or 12 Free Spins are awarded respectively. At the start of Free Spins Quetzalcoatl drops Wild onto reels 2, 3 or 4. Expanded Wilds are held for the remaining Free Spins. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Free Spins play out automatically. Free Spins cannot be retriggered. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. All lines played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Buy Feature Instantly trigger 5 Free Spins at the current bet. The Buy Feature cost is the Total Bet multiplied by 50. The Buy Feature may not be available above a certain bet threshold. This feature may not be available in this game. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. This value is fixed and does not change. This game has an RTP of 96.38%. The Buy Feature has an RTP of 96.40%. The maximum win from a single game is £500,000. For Coral & Ladbrokes its £250,000. Bet Range Min Bet : €0.10 Max Bet : €1000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020