Shamrock Holmes Megaways Shamrock Holmes is a six reel Megaways™ slot, including: Regular symbols Wild symbol Scatter symbol Rolling Reels™ feature Magic Forest Re-Spin feature Free Spins bonus game Paytable Achievements feature This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. General Up to 117649 Megaways™ to win! Megaways™ under license from Big Time Gaming. The number of symbols and the symbol height per reel change for each spin. This determines the number of Megaways™ you play per spin. The bet size is the total number of credits bet per spin. The total number of credits bet per spin is your credits bet multiplied by the bet multiplier. Only the total number of credits bet per spin is displayed in the game. All paytables display the number of credits that are won for each combination. Only one regular winning combination is paid out per pay way and you are paid out the value of the highest win. Bonus wins are added to regular wins. This game features an extra reel. The extra reel displays at the top of the reel set. The extra reel only extends across reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. If you have a winning combination, the win is highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. Regular symbols Matching symbols must be next to each other on an enabled pay way. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, starting from the first slot reel, regardless of the symbol height. Regular payouts depend on your credits bet per spin. Wild symbol This symbol only appears on the extra reel. This symbol substitutes for other symbols to complete wins. This symbol does not substitute for the scatter symbol. This symbol does not substitute for symbols that can activate the Magic Forest ReSpin feature. This symbol does not create its own win. Scatter symbol This symbol cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. During Free Spins, this symbol can only appear in the extra reel. This symbol does not create its own win. Rolling Reels™ feature Any win activates the Rolling Reels™ feature. Winning symbol combinations are removed from the reels after you are paid out. If a winning combination results from the shifting symbols, you are paid out again. The symbols above the removed symbols shift position to fill the empty spaces. This process repeats itself, increasing your chances of winning without betting on another spin. Winnings are automatically collected during the feature. Magic Forest Re-Spin feature A combination of scatters and high symbols award a respin with guaranteed Megaways™. This feature is available during the regular game only. Rolling Reels™ are available in this feature. Winnings are automatically collected during the feature. Free Spins bonus game Activates when four scatter symbols appear on the reels. Every additional scatter symbol awards 2 free spins. Rolling Reels™ are available during the free spins. You are awarded a multiplier value for each rolling reel. The multiplier value starts at 2x and increases on every consecutive win. The increasing multiplier is unlimited. The current multiplier value displayed is held if the shifting symbols do not complete a win. The next win is multiplied by the multiplier value displayed. Free spins cannot be re-activated. The scatter symbol can appear on the extra reel and award additional free spins. 3 scatter symbols appearing on the extra reel, award 3 free spins. 4 scatter symbols appearing on the extra reel, award 4 free spins. The last bet you placed in the game is used as the free spins bet amount. Winnings are automatically collected during the free spins. Paytable Achievements feature Tracks your win status by highlighting symbol combinations you have won. When you win all combinations for the same symbol it is highlighted. Achievements are permanently highlighted on the payout table, even after you exit the game. Regular game wins are logged as achievements. Wild symbol substitute wins are not logged as achievements. Re-Spin wins are not logged as achievements. Free spins wins are not logged as achievements. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. AutoPlay AutoPlay enables you to automatically play a set number of consecutive games without interacting with the game. AutoPlay plays with the last bet value you selected, so you must select a bet amount before starting AutoPlay. Each game has different options and AutoPlay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. The number of spins remaining in your AutoPlay session is displayed in the game. In some games AutoPlay is available in Expert mode only. To start AutoPlay: If the game has Expert mode, click Expert . Click a bet amount. Click and hold Spin or select AutoPlay . In some games this starts the session and it continues until you select Stop . Click your AutoPlay Click Start AutoPlay , Start , Play or Spin . Select Stop to end AutoPlay. Selecting this button does not influence the results of the spin. AutoPlay Options AutoPlay options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. Number of spins Set the number of spins you want to play. Number of seconds between spins Set the delay between AutoPlay spins. Bet settings Set the bet amount you want to play. Until stop Set the session to play until you select to stop. This does not influence the results of the spin. Stop if a win exceeds or equals Stop the session if the win exceeds or equals the amount selected. Win Limit or If win at least Stop the session if the win exceeds or equals the amount selected. Loss Limit or If amount drops by Stop the session if your balance decreases and drops below or equals the amount selected. Stop once all spins are complete Stop after playing the number of spins selected. Stop when jackpot is won Stop spins if the Jackpot is won. Stop on any win Stop the session if you win on a spin. Stop if credits increase by Stop the session if your balance increases and exceeds or equals the amount selected. Stop if credits decrease by Stop the session if your balance decreases and drops below or equals the amount selected. Stop on a feature Stops if Free Spins or another bonus feature is activated. Start AutoPlay without showing this dialog Start future sessions without viewing the AutoPlay settings, using your saved settings or the default settings. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed, and does not change. This game has an RTP of 96.44%. Change my bet amount The Bet button displays your bet options. Bet options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. Bet Options Bet Value Selects the bet value you want to bet per spin. Quick Bet Displays a range of quick betting options to select your total bet amount. Game Controls Item Description Balance box Displays your casino balances. Bet box Displays your total bet amount per spin. Bet button Displays your bet options. You can change your total bet amount. Menu button Displays a menu of general system and game options. For example: Paytable - Displays the game payout tables. Spin button Starts the game. Depending on your game, pressing the space bar may also start or stop the game. AutoPlay button Displays the AutoPlay options where you can select to spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game. Home button Closes the game. The maximum win from a single game is €285.000 Last modification date: 1/7/2021