Dragons Breath About this Game This is a 5 reel 5 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so identical symbols form a winning combination on win clusters (either vertically or horizontally adjacent). l Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Cluster Rules Win clusters are groups of the same symbols which are adjacent either vertically or horizontally. l A win is awarded when at least 6 identical symbols form a win cluster. Wild Symbols This symbol appears in base game only. l Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Scatters. l Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wild symbols cannot substitute for other symbols to trigger the DOUBLE FLAMES feature or the TRIPLE FLAMES feature. Wild symbols cannot trigger the DOUBLE FLAMES feature or the TRIPLE FLAMES feature. Burning Wild Symbols This symbol appears in Dragon Free Spins only. Burning Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Scatters. Burning Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Burning Wild symbols stay in place and act as Fixed Wild symbols in Dragon Free Spins. Every 2 spins all Burning Wild symbols are cleared and 5-11 new Burning Wild symbols are randomly distributed on the reels. DOUBLE FLAMES Feature This feature can trigger in base game only. l The DOUBLE FLAMES feature triggers when 5 symbols of a kind land on 2 reels each. l Wild symbols cannot substitute for other symbols to trigger this feature. l 1 Bonus Spin is awarded. Reels are cloned using reel 2 and 3 in such a way that the winning amount is maximised. l Bonus Spins cannot be retriggered. TRIPLE FLAMES Feature This feature can trigger in base game only. The TRIPLE FLAMES feature triggers when 5 symbols of a kind land on 3 or more reels each. l Wild symbols cannot substitute for other symbols to trigger this feature. l 1 Bonus Spin is awarded. Reels are cloned using reel 2, 3 and 4 in such a way that the winning amount is maximised. Bonus Spins cannot be retriggered. Scatter Symbols This symbol appears in base game and Dragon Free Spins. 3, 4 or 5 Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels award 8, 12 or 16 Dragon Free Spins. l 8, 12 or 16 Dragon Free Spins are awarded respectively. l This symbol cannot be substituted by Wild symbols. l This symbol does not have a payout. Dragon Free Spins 3, 4 or 5 Dragon Free Spins symbols anywhere on the reels trigger this feature. l 8, 12 or 16 Free Spins are awarded respectively. l 5-11 Burning Wild symbols are randomly distributed on the reels. Every 2 spins all Burning Wild symbols are cleared and 5-11 new Burning Wild symbols are randomly distributed on the reels. l All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Free Spins play out automatically. l Dragon Free Spins can be retriggered. Game Controls Some settings and features may not be available in this game. l Balance: Displays the current balances. l Credits: Displays the current balances. l Total Bet: Displays the total bet amount per spin. l Lines: Displays the amount of played lines per spin. l Win: Displays the most recent win. Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Skip button: Skips events to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Menu button: Displays additional game options. l Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. l Exit button: Exits the game. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. l The initial bet is the current total bet divided by 20. Bet Settings Some settings and features may not be available in this game. l Max Bet button: Sets the current bet to the maximum value. Bet Amount: Sets the current bet value. l Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Payout Rules Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. l This game has an RTP of 96.06%. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. l Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. l In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. l Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. Last modification date: 10/18/2021