Pinata Explosivo About this Game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. This game is played with credits only. Spins within the Bonus Fiesta feature will be called bonus spins. Payline Rules This game includes 20 paylines. The number of paylines played is fixed. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. Payout Rules Wins are multiplied by the total bet. Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Coinciding wins on different paylines are added to the win. Wild Symbols Wild symbols appear in base game only. Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. Wild symbols can substitute for all base game symbols except Dynamite symbols. Bonus Fiesta Feature This feature is available in the base game only. Bonus Fiesta is a bonus feature. Landing one or more Dynamite symbols in the base game gives a chance to trigger the Bonus Fiesta. Bonus Fiesta awards 1 of 3 bonus features, each with a different Cash Upgrade. It is also possible to win a combination of 2 or all 3 bonuses. 3 initial bonus spins are awarded, with 3 random Cash or Jackpot Coins on the reels. The feature will also start with one Coloured Coin for each Cash Upgrade awarded, corresponding to the Dynamite that triggered the feature. Coloured Coins will activate the corresponding Cash Upgrade feature before revealing its own cash prize. During Bonus Fiesta, the following symbols may land on the reels: Coloured Coins (Pink, Green, Blue), Cash and Jackpot Coins, Triple Dynamite and Blank symbols. Any symbol that lands on the reels awards cash prizes or jackpots and resets the number of bonus spins to 3. Dynamites are special symbols that appear in base game and can trigger Bonus Fiesta. Each Dynamite collects to the piñata of the same colour above the reels. Single Dynamites can come in 3 colours: pink, green and blue. The combination of Dynamites that collect when Bonus Fiesta is triggered determines the Cash Upgrades awarded. If Bonus Fiesta is triggered by a Triple Dynamite symbol, all 3 Coloured Coins will be activated and awarded on the reels at the start of the feature. If a Triple Dynamite symbol lands during Bonus Fiesta, it reactivates up to 3 Coloured Coin symbols that are currently on the reels. If only 1 Dynamite symbol appears, there is a chance it will transform into the Triple Dynamite symbol, activating all 3 Cash Upgrade features. It is only possible to land Coloured Coins of the same type as the Dynamites that triggered the feature. After the Triple Dynamite symbol is activated and played out, it transforms into a random coin with a value between 0.2x and 5x. Coloured Coins have two sides: front and back. The front side features an overlaid dynamite, while the back side shows cash values. Cash Coins may land on the reels during bonus spins and award cash prizes. Cash coins that may land in the Bonus Fiesta are 0.2x, 0.5x, 1x, 2x and 5x bet. Jackpots are available in Bonus Fiesta and equal cash prize values of 10x bet for Mini, 30x bet for Minor, 300x bet for Major and 5 000x bet for Mega. Mini, Minor and Major appear as Jackpot Coins and they can also be multiplied by the Cash Multiplier for higher wins. Filling all positions awards the Mega Jackpot. Piñata Coins may appear above the reels in Bonus Fiesta. Piñata Coins come in 3 respective colours: pink, green and blue. Pink, Green, and Blue Piñata Coins will replace their respective piñatas in Bonus Fiesta during the Cash Upgrade feature. The 3 special cash upgrades available in Bonus Fiesta are: Cash Flip™, Cash Multiplier and Instant Collect. The feature ends when all positions are filled or there are no remaining bonus spins left. At the end of the Bonus Fiesta, each symbols indicated value is calculated together and paid as the Total Win of the Bonus Fiesta. All prizes are awarded at the end of the feature. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Bonus spins play out automatically. The bonus spins are free to the player. Cash Flip™ Feature The feature is available in Bonus Fiesta only. Cash Flip™ is a coin-win feature. Cash Flip™ is triggered when the Pink Dynamite symbol lands on the reels during the base game and activates the pink piñata. The Cash Flip™ feature determines the prize value of the triggering Pink Coin symbol by flipping the Pink Piñata Coin randomly, increasing its value step by step with each flip. The Pink Piñata Coin has a random starting value of 2x, 3x, or 5x. The step sizes include 2x, 3x, 5x, 7x, 10x, 12x, 15x, 20x, 30x, 40x, 50x, 70x, 100x, 200x, 300x. If the Cash Flip™ feature is reactivated by a Triple Dynamite the value will start increasing from the current value of the Pink Coin that was reactivated. The Pink Piñata Coin value can't increase over the Major jackpot value by flipping. Cash Multiplier Feature The feature is available in Bonus Fiesta only. Cash Multiplier is a multiplier feature. Cash Multiplier is triggered when the Green Dynamite symbol lands on the reels during the base game and activates the green piñata. Once the feature is triggered, up to 3 symbols, including Jackpot Coins, on the reels are selected and their values multiplied by 2x, 3x or 5x. After the Green Coin symbol is activated and played out, it transforms into a random coin with a value between 0.2x and 0.5x. Upon reactivation in the Bonus Fiesta, 1-3 other prizes on screen are multiplied by a random multiplier value. Instant Collect Feature The feature is available in Bonus Fiesta only. Instant Collect is a collect feature. Instant Collect is triggered when the Blue Dynamite symbol lands on the reels during the base game and activates the blue piñata. During Instant Collect, all currently visible coin values on the reels, including any jackpots, are awarded and added to the collector win display. After the Blue Coin symbol is activated and played out, it transforms into a random coin with a value between 0.2x and 5x. Upon reactivation, the feature collector collects all current coin values of symbols and adds them to its total value. Mega Jackpot Feature The feature is available in Bonus Fiesta only. The Mega Jackpot is a jackpot feature. The Mega Jackpot is won when all positions are filled with symbols in Bonus Fiesta. The Mega Jackpot value is fixed at 5 000x bet. When winnings are paid the feature ends. Bomba Explosivo Feature The feature is available in the base game only. The Bomba Explosivo may be randomly triggered before any reels stop. The Bomba Explosivo awards Bonus Fiesta or a base game win. Hot Cells The feature is available in the Bonus Fiesta only. Hot Cells can appear on the reel area during any bonus spin. Hot Cells might appear on the reel area when the reels start to stop. There is an increased chance that Coloured or Jackpot Coin symbols will land on a reel with a Hot Cell present. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Bet: Set the current bet value. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Aborting Autoplay or stopping the reels during Autoplay will not affect the outcome of the game. Autoplay will automatically stop if a Bonus feature is triggered. This feature is available in base game only. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Bet Increase button: Increases the current bet. Bet Decrease button: Decreases the current bet. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Defaultspin button: Enables Defaultspin to resolve spins at default speed. This does not influence the results of the spin. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Turbospin button: Enables Turbospin to resolve spins even faster than Quickspin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Balance: Displays the current balances. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. A click or tap on the reels stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Game Menu Home button: Exits the game. Paytable button: Displays payout tables. Bet Settings Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Game Terminology WILD = WILD BONUS FIESTA = BONUS FIESTA CASH UPGRADE = CASH UPGRADE CASH FLIP™ = CASH FLIP CASH MULTIPLIER = CASH MULTIPLIER INSTANT COLLECT = INSTANT COLLECT MEGA JACKPOT = MEGA JACKPOT BOMBA EXPLOSIVO = BOMBA EXPLOSIVO BONUS SPINS = BONUS SPINS MULTIPLIER = MULTIPLIER COLLECTOR = COLLECTOR MINOR = MINOR MINI = MINI MAJOR = MAJOR MEGA = MEGA BIG WIN = BIG WIN MEGA WIN = MEGA WIN EPIC WIN = EPIC WIN EXPLOSIVO = EXPLOSIVO START = START SPIN = SPIN STOP = STOP Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Start to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Use Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select No Thanks to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. This feature is only available in selected games. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Spacebar: Pressing this keyboard button will start or stop a reel spin. Spacebar: Holding down this keyboard button will start a quickspin. Enter: Pressing this keyboard button will start or stop a reel spin. Enter: Holding down this keyboard button will start a quickspin. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. RTP : 94.6