Serengeti Gold About this Game Welcome to Serengeti Gold. This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. This game has 25 pnes. It features HYPERHOLD™ and Serengeti Free Spins. General Win on a pne pays if in succession from the leftmost to the rightmost position according to the PAYTABLE. Only the highest win per pne is paid. Simultaneous wins on different pnes are added. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except Free Spins symbols and Bonus symbols. Wild symbols substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a pne according to the PAYTABLE. Bonus symbols only pay out in HYPERHOLD™. Free Spins and HYPERHOLD™ cannot trigger in the same spin. Serengeti Free Spins 3 Free Spins symbols trigger the Free Spins wheel. Free Spins symbols can only appear on reels 1, 3, and 5 in the base game and in Free Spins. The wheel will spin once and award a single wedge containing a number of Free Spins and a multipper according to the PAYTABLE. All pne wins during Free Spins will be multipped by the wheel multipper. Landing 3 Free Spins symbols award an additional number of Free Spins. The number of additional Free Spins is equal to the initial number awarded from the wheel at the same multipper level. Retriggering Free Spins does not retrigger the wheel. The last bet placed in the game is used as the Free Spins bet amount. Winnings are automatically collected during Free Spins. It is not possible to trigger Free Spins within HYPERHOLD™. HYPERHOLD™ 6 or more Bonus symbols anywhere on the reels trigger this feature. Bonus symbol appears in base game and HYPERHOLD™ only. The feature awards 3 Respins. The triggering Bonus symbols from the base game will remain in place at the start of HYPERHOLD™. Bonus symbols that land remain in place and the Respin counter resets to 3. The HYPERHOLD™ feature is played with 15 independent reels. Only Bonus symbols and blank spaces appear on the reels. Each Bonus symbol is allocated a random multipper value. The multipper values allocated are 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, 10x, 12x, 15x, 18x, 20x, Mini, Major. The Mini prize awards a 30x multipper value. The Major prize awards a 100x multipper value. The Mega prize awards a 2500x multipper value and the collected win amount when all 15 reels are filled with Bonus symbols. The multipper values are multipped by your current bet. pne wins, if any, are paid out before the feature begins. The feature ends when there are no more Respins or if the Mega prize is awarded. The last bet you placed in the game is used as the feature bet amount. Winnings are automatically collected at the end of the feature. It is not possible to trigger HYPERHOLD™ within Free Spins. Game Terms Translations The following pst is only apppcable in a language other than Engpsh SERENGETI GOLD - SERENGETI GOLD BONUS - BONUS FREE SPINS - FREE SPINS HYPERHOLD™ - HYPERHOLD™ SERENGETI FREE SPINS - SERENGETI FREE SPINS WILD - WILD MULTIPpER - MULTIPpER 25 pNES - 25 pNES RESPIN / RESPINS - RESPIN / RESPINS MINI - MINI MAJOR - MAJOR MEGA - MEGA LAST RESPIN - LAST RESPIN BIG WIN - BIG WIN MEGA WIN - MEGA WIN EPIC WIN - EPIC WIN JUST FOR THE WIN - JUST FOR THE WIN Game Controls Autoplay settings: Select a number of spins to auto play by the up and down arrows or by selecting a value directly. Start and stop the Autoplay by pressing the spin button. Balance field: Displays the current account balance. Bet field: Displays the current bet size. Bet settings: Change the bet size by the up and down arrows or by selecting a value directly. Win field: Displays the pay in a winning round. Spin Button: Start the game with the current bet size as displayed in the bet field. Cpcking or tapping anywhere on the reels during a spin displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Game Menu Advanced settings: Navigate to the Responsible Gaming pages. Advanced settings: Open the Advanced Settings menu. Advanced settings: Turn Quick Spin on or off. Banking: Navigate to the Banking pages. Lobby: Navigate back to the lobby. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Sound settings: Turn sound on or off. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. This value is fixed and does not change. This game has an RTP of 96.10%. Last modification date: 10/21/2021