Day of the Dinero About this Game This is a 15 reel video slot game. Every symbol position is an independent reel. All 15 reels spin independently. Reels are counted from left to right, top to bottom. The centre reel is reel 8. The bottom right reel is reel 15. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Payline Rules This game includes 30 paylines. The number of paylines played is fixed. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the leftmost position. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The total bet is the number of coins multiplied by the coin size. The bet multiplier is 10. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the payline cost of 10. Payout Rules Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins and awarded Cash and Jackpot symbol wins resulting from a spin. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. Symbol Upgrade Feature The Symbol Upgrade feature can trigger in base game and Free Spins. In base game, non-winning low symbols on the centre reel can be upgraded to the Collector symbol. In base game, non-winning low symbols on all other reels can be upgraded to Cash or Jackpot symbols. In Free Spins, blank symbols can be upgraded to Jackpot symbols. In Free Spins, blank symbols on the bottom right reel can be upgraded to Extra Spins symbols. Cash Symbol Cash symbols can appear on all reels except the centre reel. Cash symbols appear in base game and Free Spins. Cash symbols award values of 0.2x - 2.4x in base game. Cash symbols award values of 0.2x - 2.4x in Free Spins. Collector Symbol The Collector symbol is a Wild symbol. The Collector symbol can substitute for all symbols except Cash, Extra Spins and Jackpot symbols. The Collector symbol can appear on the centre reel. The Collector symbol is locked on the centre reel during Free Spins. Landing a Collector symbol collects the values of any Cash and Jackpot symbols landed on that spin. Feature Pots Every token that is generated, is collected. On any base game spin, up to 2 tokens can be collected when the Collector symbol appears. Collected tokens grow Feature Pots. Free Spins and Free Spins Multipliers are accumulated in base game only. Free Spins Pot Tokens collected to the Free Spins Pot increase the number of Free Spins. Every collected token increments the number of Free Spins by 1. A maximum of 12 Free Spins can be accumulated. The number of Free Spins resets randomly to 5, 6 or 7 upon return to base game. Free Spins Multiplier Pot Tokens collected to the Free Spins Multiplier Pot increase the Free Spins Multiplier. Every collected token increments the Free Spins Multiplier by 0.5x. The maximum accumulated multiplier is 5x. The Free Spins Multiplier resets randomly to 1.5x or 2x upon return to base game. Collected Multipliers are applied to all wins during Free Spins. Free Spins The feature triggers randomly upon collection of a token to the Free Spins Pot, Free Spins Multiplier Pot, or both. Only Collector, Cash, Jackpot and Extra Spins symbols are active in this feature. All other symbols are inactive and do not contribute to wins. During Free Spins, the Collector symbol is locked on the centre reel and awards a token on every spin. All lines played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Up to 12 Free Spins are awarded and all wins are multiplied by the accumulated Free Spins Multiplier. Extra Free Spins Symbol This symbol only appears during Free Spins. Landing this symbol on the bottom right reel awards 1 - 3 Free Spins. Rising Rewards™ Jackpot Feature Every token that is generated, is collected. Collected tokens grow the Rising Rewards™ Jackpots. Every collected token randomly increases one of the Rising Rewards™ Jackpots by 0.2 - 1x bet. Rising Rewards™ Jackpot Symbols Jackpot symbols are active on all reels except the centre reel. There are 5 available Jackpots. The Paytable displays the starting value of each jackpot. Landing a Collector symbol awards the values of any Jackpot symbols landed on that spin. Each Jackpot can be awarded multiple times. Once a Jackpot is awarded, that specific Jackpot resets to its starting value. Jackpot values scale with bet changes. The probability of triggering a Jackpot changes as the Jackpot values change. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. A bet amount must be set before starting the Autoplay session, as Autoplay plays with the last bet value. Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. Spins are played at the current selected bet. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Triggering any feature will stop Autoplay. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Autoplay can be stopped at any time. This does not influence the results of the spin. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Select the stop button to stop the current reel spin. This can also be done by selecting the reels. This does not influence the results of the spin. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Bet Decrease button: Decreases the current bet. Bet Increase button: Increases the current bet. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. AutoPlay Stop button: Displays the number of spins remaining and can stop the session. This does not influence the results of the spin. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Quickspin button: Disables Quickspin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Once the reels stop, winning combinations are highlighted. The win amount is displayed in the win box. Exit button: Exits the game. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Return button: Returns to the game. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Help button: Displays help and additional information. Game History button: Displays game win history information. Banking button: Displays the banking page. Lobby button: Exits the game. Settings button: Displays the game settings. The Settings panel provides access to multiple game settings. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Sounds: Disables game sounds. Loyalty Transaction History Player Protection Responsible Gaming Discard Game Settings The Settings panel provides access to multiple game settings. Balance: Displays the current balances. The balance is displayed in currency and is available in the console bar. Credits: Displays the current balances. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Bet Amount: Sets the current bet value. Bet Value buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Win: Displays the most recent win. Once the reels stop, winning combinations are highlighted. The win amount is displayed in the win box. Music: Enables game music. All Sounds setting controls all sounds, including game and background sounds. Game Sounds setting controls console and spin sounds, as well as sounds for winning combinations and sequences. (Only enabled if All Sounds is ON.) Background Music setting controls background music. (Only enabled if All Sounds is ON.) The spin button can be repositioned by selecting it and choosing a preferred position Bet Settings Bet Amount: Sets the current bet value. Bet Value buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Max Bet button: Sets the current bet to the maximum value. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. The graphical collection pots in the game are purely for visual entertainment and as such do not influence awarding of any features. Last modification date: 10/8/2024