Hit Man General In this game all 15 paylines are permanently enabled. You can bet up to 20 coins per payline. Your total bet amount is the number of coins you bet per payline, multiplied by the number of paylines. Regular wins are created when the same symbols appear next to each other on a payline, with one of the symbols displayed on the first slot reel. One regular win is paid per payline. If you have more than one combination, you are paid the win that has the highest value. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. Regular wins are displayed in coins on the pay table. Regular wins are calculated by multiplying the amount on the pay table, by the number of coins you bet per payline. To convert your win amount in coins to credits, multiply the number of coins won by the coin size you bet. WILD SYMBOL Substitutes for other symbols to complete wins. Expands to fill all positions on a reel if there are winning symbol combinations on the paylines. Only appears on reels 2, 3 and 4. Does not substitute for the scatter symbol. Does not create its own win when multiple wild symbols appear next to each other on a payline. Regular win rules apply. Scatter symbol There are no pays for this symbol. Is not substituted by the wild symbol. There are three scatter symbols: Activates the Insignia bonus game when three appear on reels 1, 2 and 3. Activates the Contract bonus game when three appear on reels 3, 4 and 5. Activates free spins when three or more appear on the reels. Insignia bonus Pick and win random bonus amounts! Activates when three scatter symbols appear on reels 1, 2 and 3. Choose one symbol to reveal a random bonus win amount. Wins displayed are already multiplied by your total bet. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. Contract bonus Pick and win random bonus amounts! Activates when three scatter symbols appear on reels 3, 4 and 5. Choose one target to reveal a random bonus win amount. Each target has a specific range of possible bonus win amounts. Choose one weapon to reveal a random multiplier value. The target bonus win amount is multiplied by the random multiplier value. Wins displayed are already multiplied by your total bet. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. Free spins Spin for free! Activates when three or more 18 symbols appear on the reels. You are awarded 18 free spins. Free spins cannot be re-activated. Regular wins are multiplied by 2. This multiplier does not apply to Insignia or Contract bonus wins. The last bet you placed in the game is used as the free spins bet amount. Quick spin Quick spin increases the reel spin speed to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. To turn quick spin on in a game: Slide right to Settings . Tap quick spin Off . To disable quick spin, tap quick spin On . This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Configure my total bet Your total bet amount is the number of coins you bet per payline, multiplied by the number of paylines. Slide right to Settings . Tap Coin Size and select a coin size. Tap Coins Per Line and select the number of coins. Change my bet amount Your total bet amount is the number of coins you bet per payline, multiplied by the number of paylines. Tap Bet and select the total number of coins or credits you want to bet per spin. The game you are playing may not have the option to bet in credits. Change from coins to credits You can change your balance, bet and win amounts to display in coins or credits. Tap Coins to convert to credits, or tap Credits to convert to coins. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 11/12/2020