Attack on Retro Game Rules See sections below for information about the game rules. General Rules Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The size of the playable game grid is 5x3 reels. Wild Symbol Rules The Billy symbol and the Jesse symbol are Wild symbols. The Billy wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except the Scatter symbol and the Jesse symbol. The Jesse wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except the Scatter symbol and the Billy symbol. The Billy wild and the Jesse wild symbols create their own line winning combination when mixed Wild symbols appear on a payline. The Wild symbols can appear on any reel. Wild symbols are available during the base game and the Free Spins feature. Only 1 winning combination is paid out per payline. If there is more than 1 possible winning combination on a payline, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. Random Wilds Rules The Random Wilds feature may occur during a spin. When the feature is triggered, up to 15 robots may appear over the spinning reels. A Wild symbol appears where a laser hits a robot. On a regular spin, reveal up to 15 Wilds during the Random Wilds feature. On a Respin , reveal up to 3 Wilds on a single reel. Scatter Symbol Rules The Free Spins symbol is a Scatter symbol. Cannot be substituted by any Wild symbol. Scatter wins are added to line wins. If you have a scatter win and a line win, you are paid out for both wins, as the Scatter symbol does not need to appear on a payline to win. Scatter symbols appear on reels 2, 3, and 4. 3 Scatter symbols landing on the reels trigger Free Spins and pay 2 times total bet . Free Spins Rules A choice of three features is offered when entering Free Spins . The number of Free Spins awarded and the value of the multiplier are described below. Feature 1: 2 Free Spins awarded with multiplier of X5. Feature 2: 5 Free Spins awarded with multiplier of X2. Feature 3: 10 Free Spins awarded with multiplier of X1. All bets during Free Spins are the same as the triggering spin. 2 Scatter symbols during Free Spins award 5 extra spins. 3 Scatter symbols award 10 extra spins and pay 2 times total bet . During Free Spins , reels 1 and 5 become Wild . Wild reels behave the same as 3 stacked wilds. The Wild symbol character is chosen randomly on every spin and may be the same on reels 1 and 5. Paid Respins At the end of each Base Game spin, choose to Respin a reel as many times as you like with the chance of completing a win. You can Respin one reel at a time. Each Respin is charged at a cost. Only wins that involve the respun reels are paid. If you change your bet, Respins are disabled until you spin again. Respins are only active during Base Game after the first spin. Respins are inactive for the first spin on completion of a feature. Respins are not available during AutoPlay. Note: Some of these options may not be available in your location. Betting and Payout Rules Winnings are paid out only on the highest combination on each line. Scatter pays are determined by 3 Scatter symbols landing in any position on reels 2, 3, and 4. Line winning combinations pay out from left-to-right. Thus, one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from a different slot reel does not pay out. The symbols must be next to each other on a line. At most 1 winning combination is paid out per payline. Line wins are calculated by multiplying the line combination payout by the line bet . All payout tables display the number of credits that are won for each combination. Total bet is 10 multiplied by the line bet . The number of credits won is dependent on the line bet . Free Spins wins are added to regular wins. Pays during Free Spins are based on the base game and multiplied by the multiplier chosen in the Free Spins feature. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Game Payouts Winnings paid out on the slot machine are dependent on the symbols displayed on the payline, once the reels have come to a stop. All payout tables display the number of credits that are won for each winning combination. Line Payouts Winnings paid out for a payline are dependent on the symbols displayed on the payline, once the reels have come to a stop. Line wins are calculated by multiplying the line combination payout by the line bet. The line bet is total bet divided by number of lines played. For a combination of regular symbols to produce a winning line combination, the following criteria must be met: The symbols must be next to each other on a payline. Payline winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, a winning payline combination must start with the leftmost payline position and continue on adjacent positions on the payline. You are paid the total of all payline wins that land on a spin. Scatter Symbol Payouts 3 Scatter symbols landing on the reels trigger Free Spins and pay 2 times total bet . Scatter wins are added to line wins. In the event of a scatter win and a line win, both wins are paid out, as the Scatter symbol does not need to appear on a payline to win. For a combination of Scatter symbols to produce a winning scatter combination, the following criteria must be met: 3 Scatter symbols appear on the reels. Scatter symbols cannot be substituted by the Wild symbols. Free Spins Payouts Free Spins are triggered when 3 Scatter symbols appear anywhere on reels 2, 3, and 4. When entering Free Spins , a player selects one of three Free Spin Features . The number of Free Spins and value of the multiplier offered depends on the Free Spin Feature selected. During Free Spins , when 2 or 3 Scatter symbols appear anywhere on reels 2, 3, or 4, you are awarded 5 or 10 additional Free Spins , respectively. All bets played in Free Spins are the same as the spin that triggered the Free Spins feature. Icons Below are the icons used throughout the game and their descriptions. Icons Descriptions Main Menu Return Decrement Increment Bet Quick Spin Mute / Unmute Responsible Gaming Player Protection Loyalty Game History Transaction History Banking Settings Paytable / Information Help Files Lobby Discard Note: Some of these options may not be available in your location. Playing the Game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form winning combinations. The payout is dependent on the winning combinations formed. To play: Your balance is displayed in credits and is available in the console bar. To select your bet amount: Desktop Settings Panel Open the Menu by clicking the icon. Click the Bet icon. Select the value you want from the visible options. Scroll up or down with the mouse wheel or using the scroll bar for more options. Click Max Bet to bet the maximum permitted. Desktop Console Bar Click the Bet area. Select the value you want from the visible options. Scroll up or down with the mouse wheel or using the scroll bar for more options. Click Max Bet to bet the maximum permitted. Mobile Open the Bet Panel by tapping the icon. Tap the value you want from the visible options. Swipe up or down in the bet panel for more options. Tap Max Bet to bet the maximum permitted. Click or Tap Spin to start spinning the reels. If enabled in Settings, you may press spacebar to spin (desktop only). Once the reels stop, wins are highlighted if you have a winning combination. You are paid out the win amount as displayed in the Win box. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is completed and you can play again. AutoPlay You can spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game, using AutoPlay. About AutoPlay AutoPlay and some of the related options may not be available in the game you are playing. A bet amount must be set before starting the AutoPlay session, as AutoPlay plays with the last bet value. AutoPlay can be stopped at any time. This does not influence the results of the spin. Triggering any feature will stop AutoPlay. Respins are not available during AutoPlay. Settings The Settings panel provides access to multiple game settings. Desktop Open the Menu by clicking the icon. Click the Settings icon. Mobile Open the Menu by tapping the icon. Tap the Settings icon. You can choose which to turn on or off. Intro Screen displays the intro screen at startup. Show Tutorial At Startup (Mobile only). Quick Spin increases the speed of the slot reel spin. All Sounds controls all sounds, including game and background sounds. Game Sounds controls console and spin sounds, as well as sounds for winning combinations and sequences. Background Music controls background music. Spacebar to Spin allows you to spin the reels using your computer's spacebar (Desktop Only). Note: Some of these options may not be available in your location. Game Sounds and Background Music are only enabled if All Sounds is ON . The theoretical return to player (RTP) is 95.58%. Last modification date: 2/2/2021