Vegas Cash About this Game ´üČ This is a video slot game with 2 reel arrays. ´üČ Each reel array has 5 reels and 3 rows. ´üČ The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. ´üČ Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Bet Rules ´üČ Each spin played costs a total bet amount. ´üČ The initial bet is the current total bet pided by the payline cost of 20. ´üČ The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the paylines played. Payline Rules ´üČ This game includes 40 paylines. ´üČ The number of paylines played is fixed. ´üČ A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. ´üČ A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. ´üČ Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Payout Rules ´üČ Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. ´üČ The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. ´üČ The total payout is the sum of all payline wins resulting from a spin. ´üČ If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. ´üČ Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. ´üČ The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Game Controls ´üČ Spin button: Starts a reel spin. ´üČ Spin Settings button: Displays additional spin options. ´üČ Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. ´üČ Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. ´üČ Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. ´üČ Bet Increase button: Increases the current bet. ´üČ Bet Decrease button: Decreases the current bet. ´üČ Bet: Displays the current total bet. ´üČ Win: Displays the most recent win. ´üČ Credits: Displays the current balances. ´üČ Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Game Menu ´üČ Menu button: Displays additional game options. ´üČ Home button: Exits the game. ´üČ Banking button: Displays the banking page. ´üČ Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. ´üČ Sounds: Enables game sounds. Autoplay ´üČ This feature is available in base game only. ´üČ Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. ´üČ Spins are played at the current selected bet. ´üČ The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. ´üČ Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. ´üČ Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. ´üČ Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. ´üČ Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. Additional Information ´üČ Some settings and features may not be available in this game. ´üČ Malfunction voids all pays and plays. ´üČ Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. ´üČ In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. ´üČ The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. ´üČ The results of the last game played are displayed. ´üČ If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Wild Symbols ´üČ Dollar Sign symbols are Wild symbols. ´üČ Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Bonus symbols. ´üČ Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. ´üČ Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. CopyCashÔäó Wild Feature ´üČ If an entire reel of Wilds lands on either reel set, the Wild stack will be copied to the corresponding reel on the other reel set. ´üČ If a Wild covers a Bonus symbol, that symbol position will behave as both a Wild and a Bonus symbol. High Roller Feature ´üČ Trigger up to 6 High Rollers on any spin! ´üČ If an entire reel of Wilds land on the same reel of both reel sets, a High Roller will be awarded. ´üČ A single High Roller can also be randomly awarded on any spin. ´üČ Each High Roller awards either a Jackpot or multiplier. ´üČ All awarded multipliers are added together, and then applied to all line wins. ´üČ Possible multipliers are 2, 3, 5, 7 and 10. ´üČ Jackpots are paid out immediately, and are not affected by multipliers. Bonus Symbols ´üČ Poker Chip symbols are Bonus symbols. ´üČ Poker Chip symbols do not have a payout. Free Spins ´üČ 3, 4, 5 or 6 Bonus symbols anywhere on the reels trigger this feature. ´üČ 10, 15, 25 or 50 Free Spins are awarded respectively. ´üČ Wild stacks nudge to fill the reel. ´üČ The CopyCashÔäó feature occurs after all Wilds nudge. ´üČ If Wilds nudge on the same reel of both reel sets, a High Roller is awarded. ´üČ Free Spins play out automatically. ´üČ All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. ´üČ All lines played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. ´üČ Free Spins can be retriggered. Return to Player ´üČ The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. ´üČ Values are calculated initially by piding the total possible payouts by the total possible outcomes that are available within the game. ´üČ Values reflect the maximum expected return and do not change. ´üČ Overall RTP: 96.40%. Last modification date: 4/7/2022