The Great Albini 2 About this Game lThis is a 5 reel 4 row video slot game. lThe objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations.lWinning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Payline Rules lThis game includes 40 paylines. lThe number of paylines played is fixed.lA payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels.lA win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline.lPayline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Payout Rules lPayline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed.lEach spin played costs a total bet amount.lThe total payout is the sum of all payline wins and Collect wins resulting from a spin.lThe payout value is based on the winning combination formed.lOnly the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. lThe Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Wild Symbol lWilds can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. lWilds can substitute for all symbols except Scatters, Money Gem and Collect symbols. Collect Feature lMoney Gem symbols appear on reels 1 - 4. lWhen a Collect symbol lands on reel 5, the total value of all the Money Gem symbolson the reels is awarded. lBlue Money Gem awards 1 - 9x bet.lViolet Money Gem awards 10x, 12x, 15x or 20x bet.lRed Money Gem awards 25x, 30x, 40x or 50x bet.lA Collect symbol may include a 2 - 5x multiplier.lThe multiplier is applied to the total value of all Money Gem symbols on reels.lWins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins.lThis feature can trigger in base game. Bonus Feature l3 Scatters trigger the Bonus feature.lScatters appear on reels 2, 3 and 4. l3 Bonus spins are awarded as the starting value. lThere are special Bonus symbols for the Bonus feature.lIf a Bonus symbol appears the spins left count is reset to the starting value.lThis feature can trigger in base game.lThe feature is played at the triggering bet. Bonus Feature Symbols lBonus symbols are Money Gem, Albini Multiplier and Lily Extra Spin symbols.lBlue Money Gem awards 1 - 5x bet. lViolet Money Gem awards 10x or 20x bet.lRed Money Gem awards 50x bet.lWhen a Money Gem symbol lands it will remain in position until the end of the Bonus.lAlbini Multiplier symbols may include a 1 – 5x multiplier.lThis value is added to the current multiplier of the Bonus feature.lThe Bonus feature starts with a 1x multiplier.lThe Bonus feature multiplier is applied to the total value of Money Gem symbols. lAlbini Multiplier symbols are removed from the following Bonus spin. lLily Extra Spin symbol increases the starting value of the spins left count by 1.lLily Extra Spin symbols are removed from the following Bonus spin. Bonus Grand Prize lThe Grand Prize is awarded when 20 Money Gem symbols land on the reels. lThe Grand Prize award is 20000x bet. lThe Grand Prize award is added to a total Bonus award. Boost lActivating the Boost increases win potential.lAdditional Money Gems and Collect symbols are added to base game.lThe odds for bigger Money Gem values in base game and Bonus are increased. lThe chance of landing Albini Multiplier and Lily Extra Spin symbols in the Bonus is increased.lThe total bet is increased by 50%.lThis feature does not affect symbol pays.lThis feature can be activated in base game. Game Controls lSpin button: Starts a reel spin. lAutoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. lAutoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. lBet: Displays the current total bet. lBet button: Displays options to change the current bet. lWin: Displays the most recent win.lBalance: Displays the current balances. Game Menu lMenu button: Displays additional game options. lSettings button: Displays the game settings. lAudio button: Toggles the game audio. lPaytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Additional Information lSome settings and features may not be available in this game. lMalfunction voids all pays and plays. lIn the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. lThe results of the last game played are displayed. lIf a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed.lAny features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. lAny changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. Return to Player lThe Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. lThis value is fixed and does not change. lThis game has an RTP of 96.10%. lThe RTP during the Boost feature is 96.10%. Translation of Game Terms lThe translated terms are only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. lAlbini - Albini lBoost - Boost mode lBoosted - Boosted lCollect - Collect symbol label lLily - Lily lMagical Win - Magical WinlMajestic Win - Majestic Win lMagnificent Win - Magnificent WinlScatter - Scatter symbol label Last modification date: 3/31/2022