Dark Waters Power Combo About this Game This is a 6 reel 4 row video slot game. This game has 4096 Ways. It features money symbols, token symbols, and Free Spins with 3 different features Giant Reels, Multi-Collect, and Golden Reel. General Way pays if the same symbols appear in succession in any position on adjacent reels, from the leftmost position to the rightmost position according to PAYTABLE. Money symbols are not included in Way pays. Only the highest win per Way is paid. Simultaneous wins on different Ways are added. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except money symbols, token symbols, and Collect symbols. Wild symbols substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a Way according to the PAYTABLE. Money Symbols In the base game and Free Spins, money symbols can appear anywhere on the reels. Each money symbol has a random value or prize assigned to it. The values are: 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 7x, and 10x the current bet. The MINI prize awards 15x the current bet. The MINOR prize awards 40x the current bet. The MAJOR prize awards 200x the current bet. The MEGA prize awards 5000x the current bet. The MEGA prize can only be awarded once in a game round. Collect Symbols The Collect symbol exists only on reel 6 in the Base Game and Free Spins. If the Multi-Collect feature is active in Free Spins, Collect symbols may land on any reel. When a Collect symbol lands, all money symbols landed in the same spin will have their respective values or prizes added up and awarded. Token Symbols The game has 3 different token symbols. The tokens represent the Giant Reels, the Multi-Collect, and the Golden Reel features. Token symbols exist on all reels in both the base game and Free Spins. The graphical collection pots in the game are purely for visual entertainment purposes and, as such, do not influence the chance of awarding Free Spins. Free Spins Trigger Every time a token lands there is a chance to trigger the Free Spins feature. If 2 different tokens land at the same time and trigger Free Spins, then both features are active in Free Spins. If 3 different tokens land at the same time and trigger Free Spins, then all 3 features are active in Free Spins. Free Spins Free Spins always starts with 10 Free Spins. Any time a non-active token lands, there is a chance to trigger the corresponding feature. Triggering another feature inside Free Spins awards +3 SPINS. Only 1 non-active feature can be activated per spin inside Free Spins. Any time a token representing an already active feature lands, +3 SPINS may be awarded. Free Spins with Giant Reels feature During the Free Spins, the reel area expands from 6x4 to 6x6 and increases the number of Ways to win from 4,096 up to 46,656 Ways. Free Spins with Multi-Collect feature During the Free Spins, Collect symbols may land on all reels. When multiple Collect symbols land, all money symbols landed in the same spin will have their respective values or prizes added up and awarded to the player once for each Collect symbol. Free Spins with Golden Reel feature On each spin during the Free Spins, one randomly selected reel from 2 to 5 will contain only money symbols. Game Terms Translations The following list is only applicable in a language other than English POWER COMBO™ - POWER COMBO™ COLLECT - COLLECT WILD - WILD WAY / WAYS - WAY / WAYS MINI - MINI MINOR - MINOR MAJOR - MAJOR MEGA - MEGA FREE SPINS - FREE SPINS +3 SPINS - +3 SPINS GIANT REELS - GIANT REELS MULTI-COLLECT - MULTI-COLLECT GOLDEN REEL - GOLDEN REEL WIN OVER 5000X - WIN OVER 5000X COLLECT TO WIN FEATURES - COLLECT TO WIN FEATURES BIG WIN - BIG WIN MEGA WIN - MEGA WIN EPIC WIN - EPIC WIN JUST FOR THE WIN - JUST FOR THE WIN Game Controls Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Spin button: Start the game with the current bet size as displayed in the bet field. Pressing anywhere on the reels or the Spin button during a spin displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button: Select a number of spins to auto play by selecting a value. Start and stop the Autoplay by pressing the spin button. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Balance field: Displays the current account balance. Bet field: Displays the current bet size. Total and Win field: Displays the pay in a winning round. Game Menu Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Sound button: Turn sound on or off. Autoplay button: Select a number of spins to auto play by selecting a value. Start and stop the Autoplay by pressing the spin button. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Banking button: Navigate to the Banking pages. Lobby button: Navigate back to the lobby. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Values are calculated initially by dividing the total payouts by the total bets from a simulation of numerous game rounds. Values reflect the maximum expected return and do not change. Last modification date: 5/23/2024