Grim Reaper Supermatch About this Game This is a 5 column, 6 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to uncover the rows and land matching symbols. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. The game begins with 1 active row. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. Payout Rules Wins are multiplied by the base bet. Win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The total payout is based on the amount of matching symbols resulting from the bet. The total payout is awarded at the round end. The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Base bet does not include the Bet Booster cost. Supermatch This game awards wins for matching the symbols. The game starts with the first row unlocked. Placing a bet reveals the first row, and further rows if a match occurs. Only one symbol type can be a match in a single round. If 3 or more identical symbols are uncovered on the first row they constitute a match. A match on the first row determines the matching symbol for the round, and unlocks the second row. Uncovering at least one matching symbol on the following rows unlocks the next row, up to row 6. The round ends when a row is uncovered and there are no matching symbols on the row, or all rows are uncovered and contain matching symbols. Wild Symbols Wild symbols can occur on rows 2 to 6. When a Wild lands, it becomes a Spreading Wild and spreads across the full row. Wild symbols count as the current matching symbol. Mega Respins Mega Respins are awarded after landing a matching symbol on the 6th row. This feature is played instantly when triggered. This feature respins all symbols on board that do not match, for a chance of getting additional matching symbols. This feature is retriggered as long as new matching symbols land, until the board is filled in with winning symbols (30 of a kind). This feature ends when the board is filled with matching symbols or when a respin does not uncover a matching symbol. Mystery Stacks The Mystery Stacks feature can trigger in the base game and Free Spins. The Mystery Stacks feature is triggered when at least 3 Mystery symbols land on row 1. Each Mystery symbol expands up independently by 1 to 5 positions to a random height. Mystery symbols can be stacked up to a maximum height ranging from 2 to 6. All Mystery symbols turn into the same random paying symbol. The uncovered symbols decide the winning symbol for the spin. Halfway Bonus Landing at least 1 matching symbol on row 3 activates the Halfway Bonus. One of the 5 Halfway Bonus features is randomly awarded to a player. Halfway Bonus features are: Symbol Upgrade, 15 Of A Kind, Second Chance, x2 Multiplier, and Soul Booster. Symbol Upgrade upgrades the winning symbols in rows 1 to 3 to a higher paying symbol. Symbol Upgrade is available only if the winning symbol isn’t already the highest paying symbol. 15 Of A Kind replaces all non-winning symbols to the winning symbols on rows 1 to 3. 15 Of A Kind is available only if there isn't already 15 of a kind symbols on rows 1 to 3. Second Chance respins the row that was uncovered with no matching symbols. If Second Chance is active when the Mega Respins feature is triggered, an additional Mega Respin is awarded. x2 Multiplier doubles the total win on winning symbol. Soul Booster adds 1 to 5 Blue Souls into the Soulcatcher (in the base game) or 1 to 5 Red Souls into the Free Spins Soul Collection (in Free Spins). Soul Booster is not available in Free Spins if the Soul Collection had been filled. Free Spins Landing at least 3 Free Spins symbols on row 1 triggers this feature. 3 Free Spins symbols award 10 Free Spins. 4 Free Spins symbols award 15 Free Spins. 5 Free Spins symbols award 20 Free Spins. 2 to 8 Red Souls are spread across the rows at the start of each Free Spin. Revealing the position with a Red Soul collects the Soul into the Free Spins Soul Collection. Collecting 5 Red Souls awards 3 more Free Spins and removes the lowest paying symbol from the remaining spins. Collecting additional 10 Red Souls awards 3 more Free Spins and removes the next lowest paying symbol from the remaining spins. Collecting additional 15 Red Souls awards 3 more Free Spins and removes the next lowest paying symbol from the remaining spins. Collecting additional 20 Red Souls awards 3 more Free Spins and removes the next lowest paying symbol from the remaining spins. When the Free Spins Soul Collection is full, no more Red Souls will be distributed on the board. Soulcatcher Bonus Soulcatcher Chest is active only in the base game. 2 to 8 Blue Souls are spread across the rows at the start of each base game spin. Revealing the position with a Blue Soul collects the Soul into the Soulcatcher Chest. Every Blue Soul collected increases the chance to trigger the Soulcatcher Bonus. The Soulcatcher Chest resets when the Soulcatcher Bonus is triggered. During the Soulcatcher Bonus, one spin is played with a special set of symbols: Purple Gem, Orange Gem, Red Gem, and Blue Gem. Each special symbol has a unique payout dependent on the base bet. During this feature, all rows are active. Each row uncovers inpidually, starting at row 1, with a chance of revealing one of the special symbols on each position. After all the positions have been uncovered, the winning symbol is determined based on which appeared the most on the board. If 2 or more special symbols are equal, the higher paying symbol is the winning symbol. Soulcatcher Bonus game is triggered randomly by collecting a Blue Soul. Soulcatcher Bonus game is played after the triggering spin is complete. Bet Boosters This feature is not available above a certain bet threshold. The Bet Boosters have two selection options, Stacks & Moons and Always Match. When selected, the Bet Booster can be activated with the spin button or de-selected before further play. With Stacks & Moons enabled, the next spin will have only Mystery and Free Spins symbols on the first row. This option costs 20x the bet to activate. With Always Match enabled, the next spin will have a symbol match on the first row. This option costs 4x the bet to activate. Normal Bet de-activates a previously activated Bet Boosters option. This option returns the cost to 1x the bet. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. When all Autoplay rounds are played, 3 options are presented: "START" starts the same number of Autoplay rounds with the same settings, "MORE" opens the Autoplay settings, "X" closes the feature. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Bet Settings Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Bet Boosters button: Displays the option to purchase the available bonus features. Help button: Displays help and additional information. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Balance: Displays the current balances. Spacebar: Pressing this keyboard button starts or stops a spin. This does not influence the result of the spin. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Game Menu Home button: Exits the game. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Banking button: Displays the banking page. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Menu button: Closes the game menu. Game Settings Push spacebar to spin: enables or disables this option. High quality (60 fps): Enables high quality 60 frames per second gameplay. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Translation of Game Terms Big Win = Big Win Mega Win = Mega Win Super Win = Super Win Wild = Wild Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Depending on the game you are playing, the RTP value may be defined as a single value or defined by the different stages or modes of the game. Values are calculated initially by piding the total payouts by the total bets from a simulation of numerous game rounds. Values reflect the maximum expected return and do not change. RTP: 94.15%. Always Match enabled: 94.15%. Stacks & Moons enabled: 94.15%. Last modification date: 10/18/2023