Bunny Loot About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Payline Rules This game includes 20 paylines. The number of paylines played is fixed. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the paylines played. Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. Payout Rules The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins resulting from a spin. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins and Collect wins resulting from a spin. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. Wild Symbols Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wilds substitute for all symbols except coins, Jackpot Coins and Bunny collect. When a winning line starts with a Wild, Wilds will substitute to create a highest paying combination. Base Game During the Base Game, Bert may randomly trigger and be placed on the reels and create stacked columns of coins. During the Base Game, Elma may randomly trigger and be placed on the reels and create a trail of coins. Free Spins Free Spins play out automatically. Free Spins may be triggered anytime a doughnut is added to the Bird pots. There are 4 variations of the Free Spins Feature dependant on the combination awarded. During the Free Spins game Bunny is always present in the center position. Both Free Spins pot games can be triggered at the same time. Both Bert and Elma have a random coin value that changes and is collected on each spin. Bert is the Yellow Pot Bird. Bert begins with 6 Free Spins. Bert will land on reels 1,2,4 or 5. When triggered Bert will land on the reels and move down 1 position on each subsequent spin. Once Bert has reached its lowest position, Bert is removed on the subsequent spin but may reappear on any future spin. Elma is the Purple Pot Bird. Elma begins with 6 Free Spins. On each spin Elma will move up to, at random, 3 positions on the reels. Once Elma has reached its final position Elma may be removed off the reels and reappear on any subsequent spin. When a doughnut is added to the non triggered pot, there is a chance it will trigger the corresponding pot. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. The overall win displayed at the end of the Free Spins feature is not multiplied. Special Coins Coins can land in the Base and Free Spins game in all position except positions that a collect lands. Coins have initial values of 1X, 2X, 3X, 5X, 10X,15X,20X,25X,50X,75X,100X. Bunny Bunny is always present on the side of the reels. During the Base Game Bunny may add coins onto the reels. Bunny may throw coins to boost the values of the coins on screen. During the Base Game Bunny may throw Wild symbols to create Wild wins. Bunny collects Rainbow carrots in his pot during the Free Spins game. Bunny at random may create a BunnyTastic Zone with a collected rainbow carrot. Bunny Collect Bunny collect is the Collect and Wild symbol. During Base Game the Bunny collect appears in the center position on the third reel only. During Free Spins the Bunny collect is always in the center position of the third reel. Bunny collect may land on any spin. The Bunny collect can land when there are no coins on the screen. When Bunny collect lands in the centre position he can perform multiple actions. When the Bunny collect lands, it may change non winning symbols to coins. When the Bunny collect lands, it may improve all coin values on screen by a random amount before collecting them. When a Bunny collect lands, it may add doughnuts to either a single pot or both pots simultaneously. Collected coins are added together, multiplied by the total bet, then awarded to the player. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Carrot Collect Feature The orange carrot collects at the bottom of each reelset. The orange carrot is collected over several spins in the Base Game and more than one Carrot Symbol can land on any spin. The collection of all 5 orange carrots triggers Free Spins. BunnyTastic Zone Feature During the Free Spins game, Bunny may create a BunnyTastic Zone that persists for the remaining Free Spins round. When a coin lands in the BunnyTastic Zone its value is multiplied by the BunnyTastic Zone's current multiplier. BunnyTastic Zone value starts at 2X and increases randomly on each spin. If the current multiplier is less than 100x, the BunnyTastic Zone value can increase by 1x to 10x. If the current multiplier is greater or equal to 100x, the BunnyTastic Zone value can increase by 1x to 2x. The Mega Jackpot and BunnyTastic Zone cannot appear in the same Free Spins round. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Jackpots Jackpots are won when a Jackpot coin is collected by the Bunny collect. There are four collectable Jackpot coins, Mini, Minor, Major and Mega. Each jackpot coin increments the value of the corresponding Jackpot by 1x bet. More than one jackpot coin of the same type may land in a single spin. The starting Mini Jackpot value is 10X and is capped at 50X Bet. The starting Minor Jackpot value is 75X and is capped at 200X Bet. The starting Major Jackpot value is 250X and is capped at 750X Bet. The starting Mega Jackpot value is 2000X and is capped at 5000X Bet. When won Jackpots are awarded at the current value. Once a Jackpot has been awarded, that specific Jackpot will reset to its starting value. Buy Feature This feature is available in the base game only. Access the buy menu by pressing the Buy Bonus button. Activating the Buy feature instantly triggers the selected feature. The bet level for the feature may be chosen in the buy menu. The average payout for selected buy features may change compared to those features triggered during regular gameplay. The Bert Free Spins Game cost is 50 x Bet. The Elma Free Spins Game cost is 100 x Bet. The Bert and Elma Free Spins Game cost is 150 x Bet. Game Controls Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Spacebar: Pressing this keyboard button will start or stop a reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Spacebar: Holding down this keyboard button will start a quickspin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Balance: Displays the current balances. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Max Bet button: Increases the bet to the maximum available level. Win: Displays the most recent win. Exit button: Exits the game. Menu button: Opens the game menu. Info button: Opens the paytable menu. Bet controls: Increase or decrease the bet with the plus and minus symbols. Hold to Turbo Spin: Hold the spin button to enable Turbo Spin. Turbo Spin ends when the spin button is lifted. This does not influence the results of the spin. Game Menu Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Home button: Exits the game. Help button: Displays help and additional information. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Banking button: Displays the banking page. Close button: Closes the game menu. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Big win toggle: Toggles big win celebration display on or off. Splash page toggle: Toggles the splash page display on or off. Autoplay Settings Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. This feature is available in the base game only. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. Big Win: Stops autoplay after winning a big win. Autoplay is played at the current bet selected. Bet Settings Bet Amount: Sets the current bet value. Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Bet Value buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Min Bet button: Sets the current bet to the minimum value. Max Bet button: Sets the current bet to the maximum value. Game Settings Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Quickspin: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Left-Handed Mode button: Enables left-handed mode. Music: Enables game music. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Splash page toggle: Toggles the splash page display on or off. Big Win: Enables big win animations. Turbospin button: Enables Turbospin to resolve spins faster than Quick Spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Game Terminology JACKPOT = JACKPOT MINI = MINI MINOR = MINOR MAJOR = MAJOR MEGA = MEGA BIG WIN = BIG WIN SUPER WIN = SUPER WIN MEGA WIN = MEGA WIN EPIC WIN = EPIC WIN MAX BET = MAX BET BUNNYTASTIC = BUNNYTASTIC Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of additional game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired, the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Last modification date: 3/25/2026