Red Hot Sapphires About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the current total bet pided by the payline cost of 10. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by 10. Payline Rules A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. This game includes 10 paylines. The number of paylines played is fixed. Payline wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right only on adjacent reels. Payout Rules Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins resulting from a spin. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. EpicStrike™ Feature EPICSTRIKE™ SYMBOL Win up to 6000x bet! Land 5+ EpicStrike™ or Wild symbols to win cash from the Bonus Ladder 5 symbols award 1x bet 6 symbols award 3x bet 7 symbols award 10x bet 8 symbols award 25x bet 9+ symbols award 500x bet Bank'Em Wilds™ During spins 1-9, each EpicStrike™ symbol that lands will leave behind a Bank’Em Wilds™ frame. During the 10th spin, each frame will turn Wild for a chance to win big! The spin count is kept separately per bet option. This feature is active during base game. Bank’Em Wilds™ Multipliers Win up to a 10x multiplier. Land an EpicStrike™ symbol in a Bank’Em Wilds™ frame during spins 1-10 to trigger a multiplier. For each additional EpicStrike™ symbol that lands inside a Bank’Em Wilds™ frame during spins 1-10, an additional 1x multiplier is awarded and added to the multiplier total. Multipliers awarded during spins 1-10 are displayed on the multiplier meter. On the 10th spin, all wins are multiplied by the multiplier number. Multipliers reset after spin 10 is completed. Multipliers are saved per bet. Bet changes reset the multiplier value. Wild Symbols WILD Wilds can substitute for all symbols except Free Spins symbols. Wilds do not leave behind Bank’Em Wild™ frames. Wilds can create their own winning combinations. Free Spins Feature FREE SPINS SYMBOL Free Spins symbols appear on reels 1, 3 and 5. Land 3 Free Spins symbols to trigger 10 Free Spins. During Free Spins, 4 Bank’Em Wilds™ frames are randomly placed on the reels. At the end of each spin, each frame turns Wild for a chance to win! Free Spins can be retriggered. All bets and lines played are the same as the spin that triggered the feature. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Max Bet button: Sets the current bet to the maximum value. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Credits: Displays the current balances. Game Menu Menu button: Displays additional game options. Home button: Exits the game. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Banking button: Displays the banking page. Discard button: Allows the player to discard a free game offer from the base game, if any. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. This feature is available in base game only. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Number of Auto Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Stop on a Win: Autoplay will stop on a win. Stop on a Feature: Autoplay will stop on a Feature played out. Single Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if total win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Start Autoplay: Starts the Autoplay session. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Values are calculated initially by piding the total payouts by the total bets from a simulation of numerous game rounds. Values reflect the maximum expected return and do not change. Overall RTP: 94.57%. Last modification date: 12/2/2022