777 Surge About this Game ´üČ This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. ´üČ The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form winning combinations. The payout is dependent on the winning combinations formed. ´üČ Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Playing the Game ´üČ Select the bet on a mobile device by tapping the Bet icon or the Bet area. ´üČ Select the bet in desktop through the Main Menu or on the console bar. ´üČ The balance is displayed in currency and is available in the console bar. ´üČ Select the spin button to spin the reels. ´üČ Select the stop button to stop the current reel spin. This can also be done by clicking or tapping the reels. This does not influence the results of the spin. ´üČ If enabled in Settings, the spacebar may be pressed to spin or stop. ´üČ Once the reels stop, winning combinations are highlighted. The win amount is displayed in the win box. ´üČ If there is no winning combination, the game is completed. Payline Rules ´üČ The number of paylines played is fixed. ´üČ A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. ´üČ Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. ´üČ Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. ´üČ The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. ´üČ This game includes 20 paylines. ´üČ Total bet is 20x the bet per line. ´üČ All line wins are multiplied by the bet per line. Payout Rules ´üČ The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. ´üČ Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. ´üČ The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. ´üČ The total payout is the sum of all payline wins and scatter wins resulting from a spin. ´üČ If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. Mini Reel Bonus ´üČ Land 3 or more Bonus Symbols to trigger the Mini Reel Bonus feature. ´üČ Each Bonus Symbol becomes a 3 reel, 1 line game when the Mini Reel Bonus feature is triggered. ´üČ Each Mini Reel Bonus has a Top Prize that is awarded by landing three 777 Symbols in the feature. ´üČ These symbols do not create their own winning combination. Top Prize ´üČ 777 Symbols ´üČ Land three 777 Symbols on the payline in the Mini Reel Bonus games and win the Top Prize. ´üČ Top Prizes are displayed above each reel. ´üČ Top Prizes are displayed in credits in game. Wild Symbols ´üČ Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Free Spins Scatters and Mini Reel Bonus symbols. Free Spins Scatter ´üČ Free Spins Scatters appear on reels 2, 3, and 4. ´üČ 3 Free Spins Scatters trigger the Free Spins Wheel Feature. ´üČ The Free Spins Scatter cannot be substituted by a Wild symbol. Free Spins Wheel Feature ´üČ Spin the wheels to reveal the number of Free Spins and Free Spins Multiplier. ´üČ Multiplier Wheel ´üČ Free Spins Wheel ´üČ The Free Spins Wheel awards 7, 10, 12, 15, 20, 25 or 30 Free Spins. ´üČ The Multiplier Wheel awards a 2x, 3x, or 5x multiplier. ´üČ The multiplier applies to all line wins. ´üČ The multiplier does not apply to the Mini Reel Bonus feature. Free Spins ´üČ All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. ´üČ 3 Free Spins Scatters appearing during Free Spins will retrigger the feature. ´üČ Retriggering will grant additional free spins equal to the amount initially awarded and at the same multiplier level. ´üČ The Mini Reel Bonus feature can be triggered during Free Spins. Game Controls l Spin button: Starts a reel spin. l Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. l A click or tap on the reels stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. l Spin Settings button: Displays additional spin options. l Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. l Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. l Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. l Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. l Bet Increase button: Increases the current bet. l Bet Decrease button: Decreases the current bet. l Bet: Displays the current total bet. l Win: Displays the most recent win. l Credits: Displays the current balances. l Pick Feature Autoplay button: Automatically selects icons in the Pick Feature. This does not influence the results of the feature. l Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Game Menu l Menu button: Displays additional game options. l Home button: Exits the game. l Banking button: Displays the banking page. l Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. l Sounds: Enables game sounds. Bet Selection ´üČ Each spin played costs a total bet amount. ´üČ Select the bet on a mobile device by tapping Bet in the console bar or by tapping the Bet icon. ´üČ Select the bet in desktop with the Increment and Decrement icons on the console bar. Also, select the bet from the Main Menu using the Bet icon, or by clicking the bet area. Settings ´üČ The Settings panel provides access to multiple game settings. ´üČ To access the Settings panel, open the Main Menu and select the Settings icon. ´üČ Choose which settings to turn on or off. ´üČ Quick Spin setting increases the speed of the slot reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. ´üČ All Sounds setting controls all sounds, including game and background sounds. ´üČ Game Sounds setting controls console and spin sounds, as well as sounds for winning combinations and sequences. (Only enabled if All Sounds is ON.) ´üČ Background Music setting controls background music. (Only enabled if All Sounds is ON.) ´üČ Spacebar to Spin setting allows the player to spin the reels using the computer's spacebar. Additional Information ´üČ Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. ´üČ Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. ´üČ If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. ´üČ In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. ´üČ Malfunction voids all pays and plays. ´üČ The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. ´üČ The results of the last game played are displayed. ´üČ Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Return to Player ´üČ The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. ´üČ Values are calculated initially by dividing the total possible payouts by the total possible outcomes that are available within the game. ´üČ Values reflect the maximum expected return and do not change. ´üČ Overall RTP: 96.00%. Last modification date: 5/4/2022