Wildfire Wins Extreme About this Game Welcome to Wildfire Wins Extreme. This is a 5 reel, 5 row video slot game. This game has 50 lines. It features Sticky Wilds, x2 Sticky Wilds, Expanding Wilds, Wildfire Respins, and Wildfire Wheels. General Win on a line pays if the same symbol appears in succession on adjacent reels, from the leftmost position to the rightmost position according to the PAYTABLE. Only the highest win per line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different lines are added. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Wild Symbols Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except Bonus symbols. When any Wild symbol lands it may randomly expand and turn all symbols on that reel into Wilds. Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. Wildfire Respins In the base game, any win with at least one special symbol triggers Wildfire Respins. The special symbols are electrically charged versions of low symbols. When a special symbol is part of a win, it is activated. Activated special symbols are tracked on a collection meter. When a special symbol is activated, all special symbols of the same kind on the visible reel area become Sticky Wilds. This special symbol will not appear for the remainder of Wildfire Respins, but normal low symbols can still appear. The Sticky Wilds remain in place for the duration of the feature. Before each spin in Wildfire Respins there is a chance that one of the Sticky Wilds will turn into a x2 Wild. Any win line with x2 Wild is multiplied by x2. Several Wild x2 on the same win line will still count as x2 for that line win. The feature continues if at least one more of the special symbols is part of a win. Activating all special symbols awards a final Wildfire Respin. All wins on the final Wildfire Respin are multiplied by a random spin multiplier. In the final Wildfire Respin, any win with a x2 Wild will be multiplied by both x2 and the spin multiplier. The spin multipliers are x2, x3, x5, and x10. Wildfire Wheels In the base game or in Wildfire Respins, 3 Bonus symbols landing anywhere on reels 1, 3 or 5 trigger Wildfire Wheels. During Wildfire Respins, landing a cumulative total of 3 Bonus symbols throughout the duration of the feature triggers Wildfire Wheels. Wildfire Wheels has 3 levels and each is represented by a wheel. Each wheel has 8 different segments. The wheels for the first 2 levels have cash prizes on 7 wheel segments. The 8th segment grants an upgrade to the next level. The 3rd wheel for the final level has a 10 000x segment instead of an upgrade segment. When the wheel stops on a segment with a cash prize, the cash prize is collected and the segment turns into a collect segment. The possible cash prizes on level 1 are 1x, 2x, 3x, 5x, 7x, 10x, 15x bet. The possible cash prizes on level 2 are 3x, 5x, 7x, 10x, 15x, 25x, 100x bet. The possible cash prizes on level 3 are 5x, 10x, 20x, 30x, 50x, 100x, 250x, 10 000x bet. The feature ends when the wheel stops on a collect segment. On level 3, if the wheel stops on the 10 000x segment, a cash prize of 10 000x bet is awarded and the feature ends. The maximum cumulative win in Wildfire Wheels feature is capped at 10 000x. Game Terms Translations The following list is only applicable in a language other than English WILDFIRE WINS EXTREME - WILDFIRE WINS EXTREME WILDFIRE WHEELS - WILDFIRE WHEELS WILDFIRE RESPIN / WILDFIRE RESPINS - WILDFIRE RESPIN / WILDFIRE RESPINS WILD/WILDS - WILD/WILDS RESPIN / RESPINS - RESPIN / RESPINS LEVEL UP - LEVEL UP BONUS - BONUS COLLECT - COLLECT BIG WIN - BIG WIN MEGA WIN - MEGA WIN EPIC WIN - EPIC WIN JUST FOR THE WIN - JUST FOR THE WIN Game Controls Spin button: Start the game with the current bet size as displayed in the bet field. Pressing anywhere on the reels or the Spin button during a spin displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button: Select a number of spins to auto play by selecting a value. Start and stop the Autoplay by pressing the spin button. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Balance field: Displays the current account balance. Bet field: Displays the current bet size. Total and Win field: Displays the pay in a winning round. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Game Menu Menu button: Displays additional game options. Sound button: Turn sound on or off. Autoplay button: Select a number of spins to auto play by selecting a value. Start and stop the Autoplay by pressing the spin button. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Banking button: Navigate to the Banking pages. Lobby button: Navigate back to the lobby. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Values are calculated initially by dividing the total payouts by the total bets from a simulation of numerous game rounds. Values reflect the maximum expected return and do not change. Overall RTP: 94.08%. Last modification date: 3/23/2023