Chicago Gold About this Game This is a 5 reel 5 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Game Menu Achievements button: Displays all achievements. Home button: Exits the game. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Banking button: Displays the banking page. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Splash page toggle: Toggles the splash page display on or off. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Big win toggle: Toggle big win celebration display on or off. Close button: Closes the game menu. Game Terminology CHICAGO GOLD™ = CHICAGO GOLD™ COLLECT = COLLECT MULTI COLLECT = MULTIPLIER COLLECT RESPIN COLLECT = RESPIN COLLECT FREE SPINS = FREE SPINS WILD = WILD MAX BET = MAX BET BIG BOSS JACKPOT = BIG BOSS JACKPOT GRAND JACKPOT = GRAND JACKPOT JACKPOT = JACKPOT MAJOR JACKPOT = MAJOR JACKPOT MINI JACKPOT = MINI JACKPOT MINOR JACKPOT = MINOR JACKPOT Desktop Controls Bet controls: Increase or decrease the bet with the plus and minus symbols. Fullscreen button: Enables fullscreen mode. Info button: Opens the paytable menu. Max Bet button: Sets the current bet to the maximum value. Scatter Symbols This symbol appears on reels 1, 3, and 5 only. Payline Rules This game includes 40 paylines. The number of paylines played is fixed. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the number of paylines played. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the paylines played. Payout Rules Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins and Collect wins resulting from a spin. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. Wild Symbols Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Scatters, Cash, Jackpots, Collects, Multiplier Collects, and Respin Collects Collect Feature This feature can trigger in base game and Free Spins. Cash symbols appear on reels 1-4. When a Collect symbol lands on reel 5, the total cash amount of all Cash symbols on screen is awarded. The Respin Collect removes all regular symbols from the reels and awards a respin. After the respin ends, the total value of all Cash symbols shown at the end of the respin is awarded. Cash symbols can have any value between 1x and 25x the total bet. There are 3 possible Collect features. The regular Collect awards the total value of all Cash symbols shown. The Multiplier Collect awards the total value of all Cash symbols shown multiplied by a random multiplier up to 5x that appears on the Collect symbol. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. If a Jackpot and Multiplier Collect land together, the Jackpot is not multiplied. Free Spins 3 Scatter symbols on reels 1, 3, and 5 trigger 8 Free Spins. 3 Scatter symbols on reels 1, 3, and 5 retrigger Free Spins. More Cash and Collect symbols are added to the reels in the Free Spins feature. Free Spins play out automatically. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. All lines played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Bonus Feature The feature can award between 50x and 5000x the total bet. This feature can trigger in base game and Free Spins. Bonus wins are multiplied by the total bet. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. If this feature and Free Spins trigger simultaneously, this feature plays out first. 3 matching picks awards the corresponding jackpot prize. A Jackpot symbol in reels 1-4 combined with any Collect symbol in reel 5 triggers the Big Boss Jackpot feature. Paytable Achievements Paytable achievements track winning progress as the game is played. Wins with symbol substitutions are not logged as achievements. Winning symbol combinations are permanently highlighted on the achievements page. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Quick Spin button: Enables Quick Spin to resolve spins faster. A second press enables Turbo Spin, resolving the reels even faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Hold to Turbo Spin: Hold the spin button to enable Turbo Spin. Turbo Spin ends when the spin button is lifted. This does not influence the results of the spin. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Win: Displays the most recent win. Balance: Displays the current balances. Help button: Displays help and additional information. Menu button: Opens the game menu. Sound button: Toggle sound on and off. Exit button: Exits the game. Autoplay Settings Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. This feature is available in base game only. In quick and turbo spin (where available), spins play out automatically at the increased speed selected. Big Win: Stops autoplay after winning a big win Bet Settings Bet Amount: Sets the current bet value. Max Bet button: Sets the current bet to the maximum value. Min Bet button: Sets the current bet to the minimum value. Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Bet Value buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Game Settings Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Quickspin: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Turbospin button: Enables Turbospin to resolve spins faster than Quick Spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Music: Enables game music. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Left-Handed Mode button: Enables left-handed mode. Big Win: Enables big win animations Splash page toggle: Toggles the splash page display on or off. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Last modification date: 10/6/2022