Book of Mrs Claus About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. l Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Payline Rules This game includes 10 paylines. The number of paylines played is fixed. l A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. l A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. l Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Bet Rules l Each spin played costs a total bet amount. l The total bet is based on the initial bet placed on each payline played. l The initial bet is the number of coins multiplied by the coin size. Payout Rules Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. l The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. l Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. Wild Symbols The Wild symbol is a Wild and Scatter symbol. l Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. Scatter Symbols The Wild symbol is a Wild and Scatter symbol. Scatters can create their own winning combination when landing anywhere on the reels. Respin Feature This feature is available in base game only. A reel can be respun multiple times. l After each spin, any reel can be respun at an additional cost. l The respin cost is calculated separately for each reel. l The cost per respin does not indicate a greater or lesser chance of winning. l Only new winning combinations that are formed as a result of the respin are paid. l All wins are awarded once the feature is complete. This feature is not available after completing a Free Spins feature. This feature is not available after the bet is changed. l This feature is not available before the first spin of the game is played. Free Spins 3, 4 or 5 Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels trigger this feature. l 10, 12 or 25 Free Spins are awarded respectively. 3, 4 or 5 Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels retrigger Free Spins. An expanding symbol is awarded randomly at the start of Free Spins. This is the Original symbol. This is the Expanded symbol. Wild cannot be awarded as an expanding symbol. l Symbols only expand when they will complete a win. l Expansion pays on top of ordinary Free Spin wins. l Free Spins play out automatically. l All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. l All lines played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. l Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. l Bet: Displays the current total bet. l Win: Displays the most recent win. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. l Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Credits: Displays the current balances. l Max Bet button: Sets the current bet to the maximum value. Desktop Controls Balance: Clicking the Credit area will display the current balances. l Bet: Clicking the Bet area will display the option to change the current bet. Win History and Statistics: Clicking the Win area will display the Win History and Statistics. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Game Menu Menu button: Displays additional game options. Banking button: Displays the banking page. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Help button: Displays help and additional information. Home button: Exits the game. Mobile Menu Open Menu: Displays additional game options. Close Menu: Closes the menu options. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Credits: Displays the current balances. Win History and Statistics: Displays the Win History and Statistics. Bet Settings l Max Bet button: Sets the current bet to the maximum value. l Coin Size: Sets the coin value. l Coins Bet: Sets the number of coins to bet. Game Settings Quickspin: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Intro Screen: Enables the intro screen at startup. l Sound Settings: Allow you to choose which sounds to turn on or off. l Graphics settings: Allow you to adjust the graphics level. Win History and Statistics Wins and session statistics can be viewed in the game. l Statistics only apply to the current game session. l Statistics reset to 0 when the game is exited. Game Results: Displays the number of games played during the current game session, the length of your game session, and the average number of games per hour. l Highest Wins: Displays the 3 highest win amounts during the current game session. l Recent: Displays the 5 most recent wins during the current game session. l Top 5: Displays the Top 5 all-time wins. Graphics Settings l Graphics settings allow you to adjust the graphics level. l Basic: Optimizes overall game performance for lower spec machines. l Enhanced: Provides the full user experience with animations. Sound Settings Sound settings allow you to choose which sounds to turn on or off. l Game Sounds: Controls console and spin sounds. Win Sounds: Controls sounds for winning combinations and sequences. l Background Sounds: Controls background music. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. l Malfunction voids all pays and plays. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. l The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. l The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. l Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. Return to Player l The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. l This value is fixed and does not change. l This game has an RTP of 96.31%. l The RTP with respins is 96.50%. Last modification date: 5/4/2022