Gold Blitz Ultimate About this game The aim of the game is to spin the reels so that the symbols form different combinations. Winning combinations appear highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Rules of combinations This game has 6400 combinations. A combination is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that spans the reels. Winnings are awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other forming this pattern. Winning combinations are formed from left to right, starting with the first reel. Betting rules Each spin costs a total bet amount. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the combinations played. The bet multiplier is 10. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the cost of the combination, which is 10. Prize Rules Prizes for winning combinations are based on the initial bet placed. The value of the prize depends on the winning combination formed. The total prize is the sum of all winning combinations and scatter winnings resulting from one spin. If multiple winning combinations appear in a single combination, only the highest win is paid. Only the highest winning combination is paid when matching symbols. The paytable shows the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Pickup function Collection symbol Money symbol Jackpot symbols Collect a pickup symbol to activate the pickup feature. Each collect symbol awards all jackpot and money symbols that land. Each jackpot can be awarded multiple times in the same spin. The Collect symbol appears on reels 1 and 6 in the base game and in the Free Spins bonus. The jackpot and money symbols appear on all reels in the base game and in the free spins bonus. The money symbol and jackpot values are multiplied by the total bet. Money symbol values range from x0.5 to x20. The jackpot symbol values range from x10 to x2,500. The money and pot values are adjusted based on the bet. Money multiplier Money Multiplier Increase Symbol Land a Money Multiplier Boost symbol to increase the Money Multiplier. Each Money Multiplier Boost symbol that lands increases the Money Multiplier by x1. The money multiplier increases up to x5 in the base game and x10 in the free spins bonus. The money multiplier is applied to all money symbols collected by a collecting symbol. The money multiplier increasing symbol appears on reels 2 to 5. The cash multiplier resets to x1 after the cash collection has been completed in the base game if a free spins bonus has not been triggered. When you trigger the free spins bonus, the money multiplier persists and becomes the initial multiplier for the feature. The money multiplier does not reset during the free spins bonus feature. The money multiplier does not reset during respins. The money multiplier resets to x1 when returning to the base game. Bonus Pickup Meter Fill the bonus meter to trigger the Pick Your Bomb Free Spins Bonus. Increase the meter by landing 2 scatter symbols on reels 2, 3 or 4 without triggering the free spins bonus. Fill the meter instantly by landing 3 or 4 scatter symbols in the base game. The bonus collection meter randomly resets to 5%, 10% or 15% upon completing the free spins bonus and returning to the base game. Choose Your Bomb Free Spins Bonus Scatter symbol If 3 or more Scatter symbols appear anywhere on the reels, you receive the Pick Your Bomb Free Spins Bonus. Fill the bonus collect meter or land 3 scatters to select from the 3 scatter free spins bonus options: 8 free spins with 60 money and jackpot symbols per reel. 12 free spins with 40 money and jackpot symbols per reel. 15 free spins with 20 money and jackpot symbols per reel. Get 4 scatters to select from the 4 scatter free spins bonus options: 12 free spins with 60 money and jackpot symbols per reel. 15 free spins with 40 money and jackpot symbols per reel. 20 free spins with 20 jackpot and money symbols per reel. Collection reactivation symbol Reactivation symbol The collect retrigger symbol awards all landing money and jackpot symbols, and 1 additional free spins bonus spin. The retrigger symbol awards 1 additional free spins bonus spin. The collect retrigger and retrigger symbols are available on reel 6. Only the Collect, Collect Retrigger, Retrigger, Money Multiplier Booster, Money and Jackpot symbols appear in the Free Spins Bonus Feature. The other drum positions are empty. All payouts from the Collect and Retrigger symbols appear combined into the winning prize displayed below the reels and in the game history. All bets placed are equal to the bets placed on the spin that triggered this feature. Extra spins feature 1 extra free spin is awarded when the Collect symbols land on reels 1 and 6, no Money or Jackpot symbols land and the Pick Your Bomb Free Spins Bonus is not triggered. Reels 1 and 6 are locked, and reels 2 to 5 respin with only money and jackpot symbols, and empty positions. 1 or more money or jackpot symbols are guaranteed to appear. Up to 2 additional spins may be randomly awarded. The money multiplier is applied to all money symbols that appear during the spins. The money multiplier can randomly increase by x1 or x2 at the start of any spin, or increase to x10 on any final extra spin in the base game. The increased money multiplier applies to all respins until the feature is completed. The money multiplier resets to x1 when all extra spins are completed in the base game. Winning combinations are paid before the feature starts. All bets placed are equal to the bets placed on the spin that triggered the feature. All prizes are awarded after the performance is completed. Wild symbols Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except scatter symbols, money multiplier booster symbols, jackpot symbols and collect symbols. Wild symbols only appear in the base game. This symbol has no prize. Blitz Boost™ Purchase one of the Blitz Boost™ options to increase the frequency of the collecting symbols landing. Activate to double the frequency with which the Collect symbols appear, or guarantee that a Collect symbol appears on every spin. Once activated, Blitz Boost™ increases your bet per spin until you deactivate it. Blitz Boost™ applies to the Free Spins Bonus if Blitz Boost™ is already activated when the feature is triggered. Functions are purchased at the prices indicated. This feature may not be available above a certain bet threshold. Bonus Purchase Use the bonus buy to purchase multiplier options and free spins. The bonus purchase feature options available are: Buy the 3 scatter free spins bonus options or the 4 scatter free spins bonus options. Add an initial money multiplier of between x1 and x5 to the purchased bonus. Turn Blitz Boost™ feature options on or off. Functions are purchased at the prices indicated. Free spins are played at the current bet. This feature is only available in the base game. Bonus buy-in or bonus buy-in options may not be available above a certain wagering threshold. The money multiplier does not reset when purchasing the bonus purchase and returns to the accumulated multiplier at the end of the bonus purchase. The Bonus Collection Meter does not reset upon purchasing the Bonus Purchase and returns to the Bonus Level accumulated at the end of the Bonus Purchase. Auto play Autoplay allows you to automatically play a defined number of spins. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the autoplay session is displayed in the game. This feature is only available in the base game. When you trigger the free spins feature, autoplay will stop. Spins: Defines the number of spins for the autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins are completed. Win Limit – Define a win limit for the autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit – Define a loss limit for the autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance falls below this amount. Total Bet: Defines the value of the current bet. A bet amount must be defined before starting an autoplay session, otherwise the value of the last bet will be used. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Bet button: Displays options for changing the current bet. Lower Bet button: Reduces the current bet. Raise Bet button: Increases the current bet. Auto Play Button – Displays auto play options. Stop Autoplay button – displays the number of spins remaining and can stop the game. This does not affect the results of the spin. Sounds button: Turns game sounds on or off. Video button: Displays game information. Exit button: exits the game. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Back button: Return to the game. Paytable button – Displays the paytables and rules of the game. Help button: Displays help information and other additional information. Game History button – displays information about the game's winnings history. Banking Button: Displays the banking page. Lobby button: exit the game. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Fidelity Transaction history Player protection Responsible gaming Decline Game Settings The Settings panel provides access to various game settings. Balance: Displays current balances. The balance is displayed in the currency and is available in the console bar. Credits: Displays current balances. Bet: Displays the total amount wagered. Bet Amount: Defines the value of the current bet. Bet Value Buttons – Set the current bet to the selected value. Profit: Displays the most recent profit. When the reels stop, winning combinations are highlighted. The win amount is displayed in the win box. Music: Activate the game music. The All Sounds setting controls all sound, including game and background sound. The game sounds setting controls the console spin sounds and the sounds for winning combinations and sequences. (Only enabled if the All Sounds setting is enabled.) The Background Music option controls the background music. (Only enabled if the All Sounds setting is on.) Buy Feature Button – Displays the option to purchase the bonus purchase feature. The Pull button can be repositioned by selecting it and choosing your preferred position. Setting up bets Bet Value Buttons – Set the current bet to the selected value. Max Bet Button – Sets the current bet to the maximum value. Free games A free game offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The betting settings are defined by the game operators and cannot be modified. Winnings are added to your bonus balance or cash balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or rejected. Select play now to start playing a free spins offer. Only one free spins offer can be played at a time. Select play later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will become available again when you log back into the game. Select the trash can icon to discard free games. To reopen a discarded offer, you must contact the game managers and provide the reference number. When an offer has been completed, discarded, or expired, the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiration date and time, if it is not played before then it will no longer be available. Select the information icon to view bet information and expiry date and time. This feature is only available during select games. Additional information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunctions void all games and all payouts. Any changes made to the rules of the game will be carried out in accordance with the requirements of current regulations. If you disconnect, the final state of the game will be displayed upon returning. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before the disconnection, the results of the previous game played will be displayed. Ongoing functions that require interaction or selection can be continued. Return to player Return to Player (RTP) is the statistical and theoretical percentage of the total money wagered on a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Depending on the game you are playing, the RTP value can be defined as a single value for the entire game or it can depend on the stage or game mode. Initially, the values are calculated by dividing the total possible payouts by the total possible outcomes that are available in the game. The values reflect the maximum expected return and do not change. This range can be adjusted if changes are applied to the bet configuration parameters. The probability of triggering certain game events may change during gameplay depending on the current game state or progress. Malfunction voids all pays and plays.