Hyper Gold All In About this Game This is a 5 reel, 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Payline Rules This game includes 20 paylines. The number of paylines played is fixed. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel.\ Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The total bet is the number of coins multiplied by the coin size. The bet multiplier is 10. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the number of paylines played. Payout Rules Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins resulting from a spin. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. Scatter Symbols Scatter symbols appear on reels 2, 3, and 4 only. Scatter symbols appear in base game only. Scatter symbols can display Bonus Enhancer Tokens. Bonus Enhancers Tokens that appear on Scatters contribute to the Bonus Enhancers. The number of the tokens collected to the Bonus Enhancers determine what is awarded in the Bonus Feature. Every token that lands is collected. Bonus Prize Token This token contributes to the Bonus Prize indicator in base game, and awards a Bonus Prize in the Bonus Feature. 1-9 Bonus Prize Tokens can be collected. Bonus Multiplier Token This token contributes a 0.5x increase to the Bonus Multiplier indicator in base game, and awards a multiplier on a Bonus Prize in the Bonus Feature. 3-20 Bonus Multiplier Tokens can be collected. Bonus Spins Token This Token contributes to Bonus Spins indicator in base game, and awards a Bonus Spin in the Bonus Feature. 4-12 Bonus Spin Tokens can be collected. The Bonus Enhancers reset on completion of the Bonus Feature, on return to base game. Bonus Enhancers randomly reset to 1-3 Bonus Prizes, 1.5x-2x Bonus Multiplier and 4-5 Bonus Spins upon return to base game. Bonus Trigger The Bonus Trigger can randomly trigger the Bonus Feature on any base game spin where a Scatter lands. The Bonus Trigger resets on completion of the Bonus Feature upon return to base game. The graphical collection in the Bonus Trigger of the game is purely for visual entertainment and as such does not influence awarding of the Bonus Feature. Hyper Gold All-In™ Bonus Feature The Bonus Feature awards Bonus Prizes, a Bonus Multiplier and Bonus Spins simultaneously. The number combination of Bonus Prizes, Bonus Multiplier, and Bonus Spins awarded is determined when the Bonus Feature triggers. The Bonus Feature awards a combination of 1 - 20 Bonus Prizes, a 1.5x - 10x Bonus Multiplier and 4 - 12 Bonus Spins. All spins played are the same as the bet that triggered the Bonus Feature. The Bonus Feature cannot be retriggered. All wins are awarded once the feature is complete. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Bonus Tiles The Bonus Feature includes a grid of 20 Bonus Tiles. The initial number of Bonus Prizes in the Bonus Feature are collected as Bonus Enhancers in base game. Bonus Tiles Bonus Tiles can randomly change to Bonus Prizes on any Bonus Feature spin. Bonus Prizes Bonus Prizes award a Cash Prize. Bonus Prize values range from 1X to 20X. Additional Bonus Prizes can randomly be awarded on any Bonus Feature spin. Bonus Prizes are held during the Bonus Feature. The remaining Bonus Tiles respin independently. Additional Cash Prizes can be awarded according to the total number of Bonus Prizes collected in base game and the Bonus Feature. 20 Bonus Prizes award 1 000x the bet. 18 Bonus Prizes award 50x the bet. 15 Bonus Prizes award 30x the bet. 10 Bonus Prizes award 15x the bet. 5 Bonus Prizes award 5x the bet. Bonus Multiplier The Bonus Multiplier is collected as Bonus Enhancers in base game and determines the multiplier available in the Bonus Feature. The Bonus Multiplier awards a 1.5x - 10x multiplier in the Bonus Feature. The Bonus Multiplier cannot increase during the Bonus Feature. The Bonus Multiplier is randomly applied to a Bonus Prize value at the conclusion of every Bonus Feature spin. The Bonus Multiplier can be applied to a maximum of 12 Bonus Prizes during the Bonus Feature. Bonus Spins No additional spins are awarded during the Bonus Feature. Bonus Spins are collected as Bonus Enhancers in the base game and determine the number of spins available in the Bonus Feature. Wild Symbols Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Scatters. Wild symbols can appear stacked on the reels. Wild symbols appear in base game only. Wilds multiply wins 2x when substituting. Wild Blackout Feature Wild symbols can fill every position to form a Wild Blackout. Wild Blackouts award 2000x the bet in addition to the 20 payline wins. The Blackout feature is available during base game. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. A bet amount must be set before starting the Autoplay session, as Autoplay plays with the last bet value. Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. Spins are played at the current selected bet. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Triggering any feature will stop Autoplay. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Bet Decrease button: Decreases the current bet. Bet Increase button: Increases the current bet. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. AutoPlay Stop button: Displays the number of spins remaining and can stop the session. This does not influence the results of the spin. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Quickspin button: Disables Quickspin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Exit button: Exits the game. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Return button: Returns to the game. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Help button: Displays help and additional information. Game History button: Displays game win history information. Banking button: Displays the banking page. Lobby button: Exits the game. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Sounds: Disables game sounds. Loyalty Transaction History Player Protection Responsible Gaming Discard Game Settings Balance: Displays the current balances. The balance is displayed in currency and is available in the console bar. Credits: Displays the current balances. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Bet Amount: Sets the current bet value. Bet Value buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Win: Displays the most recent win. Once the reels stop, winning combinations are highlighted. The win amount is displayed in the win box. Music: Enables game music. All Sounds setting controls all sounds, including game and background sounds. Game Sounds setting controls console and spin sounds, as well as sounds for winning combinations and sequences. (Only enabled if All Sounds is ON.) Background Music setting controls background music. (Only enabled if All Sounds is ON.) The spin button can be repositioned by selecting it and choosing a preferred position. The Settings panel provides access to multiple game settings. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. This feature is only available in selected games. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Last modification date: 9/4/2024