12 Fortune Dragons About this Game This is a 5 reel, 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Payline Rules This game includes 20 paylines in base game, and up to 48 paylines in Free Spins. The number of paylines played is fixed. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The total bet is the number of coins multiplied by the coin size. The bet multiplier is 10. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the number of paylines played. Payout Rules Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. Wild Symbols Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wild symbols substitutes for all symbols except Epic Strike™, Free Spin, Extra Spin, and Collect Symbols. Wild symbols are collected in the base game and randomly trigger the Epic Strike™ Bonus. The graphical collection pots in the game are purely for visual entertainment and as such does not influence awarding a Bonus Feature. Epic Strike™ The Epic Strike™ symbol is a scatter symbol. 3 or more Epic Strike™ Scatters appearing anywhere on the reels pays out. Only the highest win amount is paid per Epic Strike™ Scatter symbol combination. Epic Strike™ Scatters cannot be substituted by the Wild symbol. Epic Strike™ prize values range from 1x to 3 000x the total bet. This feature can trigger in the base game only. The Epic Strike™ symbol appears in base game only. Epic Strike™ Bonus Feature Collected Wild symbols may trigger this feature. Epic Strike™ bonus prize values range from 5x to 3 000x the total bet. When triggered with collected Wilds, you win a random cash prize or Free Spins. This feature can trigger in the base game only. Free Spins can be triggered in the Epic Strike™ Bonus. Rising Rewards™ Free Spins Multiplier The Free Spins Multiplier increases by x1 when 2 Free Spin symbols land on reels 2 and 3 only during the base game. The maximum Free Spins Multiplier accumulated during the base game is 10x. The Free Spins Multiplier is displayed in the Free Spins Multiplier meter. The Free Spins Multiplier does not increase during the Free Spins feature. The Free Spins Multiplier applies to line wins during Free Spins. The Free Spins Multiplier resets to 1x after Free Spins are complete. The Free Spins Multiplier can randomly reset to 2x, 3x, or 4x after Free Spins are complete. Free Spins Bonus Feature Free Spin Symbol 3 Free Spin symbols triggers the Free Spins Bonus and awards 3 Free Spins at Bonus Level 1. Free Spin symbols appear on reels 2, 3, and 4 only. Collect Symbol During Free Spins, Collect symbols appear on the reels. Accumulate the required number of Collect symbols over 1 or more spins to advance to the next Bonus Level. Advancing to the next level expands the reels by 1 additional row and resets the remaining Free Spins to 3. There are 8 Bonus Levels available. Level 1 awards a cash prize of 4x. Level 2 is achieved when 5 Collect Symbols are accumulated and will award a cash prize of 5x. Level 3 is achieved when 10 more Collect Symbols are accumulated and will award a cash prize of 15x. Level 4 is achieved when 15 more Collect Symbols are accumulated and will award a cash prize of 25x. Level 5 is achieved when 20 more Collect Symbols are accumulated and will award a cash prize of 50x. Level 6 is achieved when 25 more Collect Symbols are accumulated and will award a cash prize of 100x. Level 7 is achieved when 35 more Collect Symbols are accumulated and will award a cash prize of 250x. Level 8 is achieved when 55 more Collect Symbols are accumulated and will award a cash prize of 1 000x. Accumulate 70 Collect Symbols in Bonus Level 8 to award the cash prize of 3 000x. The number of Collect symbols accumulated resets after upgrading to the next Bonus Level. Additional Collect symbols accumulated over the required amount do not carry over to the next Bonus Level. The Free Spins Bonus ends when no Free Spins remain or the highest Bonus Level is reached. When the Free Spins Bonus ends, the Cash Prize is awarded at the current Bonus Level. Only 1 Cash Prize is awarded per Free Spins Bonus. Cash Prize values range from 4x to 3 000x the total bet. Landing an Extra Spin symbol on reel 5 adds 1 additional Free Spin. Extra Spin symbols only appear in the Free Spins Bonus. Epic Strike™ and Free Spins symbols do not appear during Free Spins. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered the feature. Bonus Buy Use the Bonus Buy to purchase Free Spins. The Bonus Buy feature options available are: 3 Free Spins starting with 1x Free Spins Multiplier 3 Free Spins starting with 10x Free Spins Multiplier Features are purchased at the prices displayed. Free Spins are played at the current bet. Bonus Buy or some Bonus Buy options may not be available above a certain bet threshold. The Rising Rewards™ Free Spins Multiplier does not reset when purchasing the Bonus Buy and returns to the accrued Bonus level at the end of the Bonus Buy. This feature is available in the base game only. This feature may not be available in all regions. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. A bet amount must be set before starting the Autoplay session, as Autoplay plays with the last bet value. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. This feature is available in the base game only. Triggering any feature will stop Autoplay. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Spin Settings button: Displays additional spin options. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Select anywhere on the reels to stop the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Balance: Displays the current balances. Credits: Displays the current balances. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Bet Decrease button: Decreases the current bet. Bet Increase button: Increases the current bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Spacebar: Pressing this keyboard button starts or stops a spin. This does not influence the result of the spin. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Quickspin button: Disables Quickspin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Exit button: Exits the game. Video button: Displays In-game information. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Game Menu Menu button: Displays additional game options. Home button: Exits the game. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Help button: Displays help and additional information. Win History button: Displays game win history information. Banking button: Displays the banking page. Close button: Closes the game menu. Return button: Returns to the game. Spin Button Position button: Repositions spin button location. Lobby button: Exits the game. Game Settings Quickspin: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. All Sounds: Controls all sounds, including game and background sounds. Game Sounds: Controls in-game sounds. (Only enabled if All Sounds is ON.) Background Music: Controls background music. (Only enabled if All Sounds is ON.) Voice Overs: Controls voice sounds. (Only enabled if All Sounds is ON.) Bet Settings Bet Amount: Sets the current bet value. Bet Size: Sets the current bet value. Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Min Bet button: Sets the current bet to the minimum value. Max Bet button: Sets the current bet to the maximum value. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of additional game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired, the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. This feature is only available in selected games. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Product Information Helpfile versions: Content 1.3.0 | App 2.4.0 © 2025. All rights reserved. Page generated: 2025-06-10