Sisters of Oz Jackpots Wild Symbol The Wild symbol is both a wild symbol and a scatter symbol. The Wild symbol can substitute for all symbols except the Jackpot Trigger symbol. Scatter Symbol 3, 4, or 5 scatters award 2, 10, or 100 times bet, respectively. Scatters pay in any position. Scatter symbol wins are added to line wins. In the event of a Scatter symbol win and a line win, both wins are paid out, as the Scatter symbol does not need to appear on a payline to win. 3, 4, or 5 scatters trigger 5, 7, or 10 free spins, respectively. Free Spins A Jumbo Block appears on every free spin. Line wins are multiplied by x2 in Free Spins. This multiplier does not apply to jackpot wins. The Jackpot Wheel can be triggered in Free Spins. Scatters and Jackpot Trigger symbols can appear on reels 1 and 5. 2 scatters award an extra 3 free spins. Free Spins cannot be retriggered with more than 2 scatters. All bets during Free Spins are the same as the triggering spin. Jackpot Wheel Jackpot Trigger symbols may appear over some symbols. Collecting Jackpot Trigger symbols grants a chance of triggering a spin of the Jackpot Wheel. Only the Jackpot Trigger symbols collected on the current spin contribute to the chance of triggering a jackpot. If you activate the Jackpot Wheel and the Free Spins feature, the Jackpot Wheel activates first. Then the Free Spins feature activates. Wins from both are then added to your winnings. The graphical collection pot in the game is purely for visual entertainment and as such does not influence awarding a jackpot. The Jackpot Wheel awards 1 of 4 guaranteed jackpots. The Jackpot Wheel consists of a wheel divided into coloured segments. Each segment is associated with a different jackpot. The landing wheel segment will award the associated jackpot. Jumbo Blocks Symbols are stacked on the reels. Symbol stacks can combine on the 3 centre reels to form Jumbo Blocks. A full Jumbo Block spans 3 x 4 positions. Line Payouts Winnings paid out for a payline are dependent on the symbols displayed on the payline, once the reels have come to a stop. Line wins are calculated by multiplying the line combination payout by the line bet. The line bet is total bet divided by 20. The symbols must be next to each other on a payline to produce a winning line combination. Payline winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, a winning payline combination must start with the leftmost payline position and continue on adjacent positions on the payline. Line wins are paid out only on the highest paying combination on each line. At most 1 winning combination is paid out per payline. Only the available lines can produce a winning line combination. You are paid the total of all payline wins that land on a spin. Game Payouts Winnings paid out on the slot machine are dependent on the symbols displayed in the reel area, once the reels have come to a stop. All payout tables display the number of credits that are won for each winning combination. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Icons Autoplay Main Menu Return Decrement Increment Bet Quick Spin Mute / Unmute Responsible Gaming Player Protection Loyalty Game History Transaction History Banking Settings Paytable / Information Help Files Lobby Discard Some of these options may not be available in your location. Playing the Game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form winning combinations. The payout is dependent on the winning combinations formed. Your balance is displayed in credits and is available in the console bar. Select your bet on a mobile device by tapping the Bet icon or the Bet area. Select your bet in desktop through the Main Menu or on the console bar. Click or tap the spin button to spin the reels. Select the stop button to stop the current reel spin. This can also be done by clicking or tapping the reels. This does not influence the results of the spin. If enabled in Settings, you may press spacebar to spin or stop. Once the reels stop, wins are highlighted if you have a winning combination. You are paid out the win amount as displayed in the win box. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is completed and you can play again. Bet Selection Select your bet on a mobile device by tapping Bet in the console bar or by tapping the Bet icon. Select your bet in desktop with the Increment and Decrement icons on the console bar. You can also select your bet from the Main Menu using the Bet icon, or by clicking the bet area. Settings The Settings panel provides access to multiple game settings. Some settings may not be available in your location. To access the Settings panel, open the Main Menu and select the Settings icon. You can choose which settings to turn on or off. Intro Screen setting displays the intro screen at startup. Show Tutorial at Startup setting displays the tutorial on launching the game. Quick Spin setting increases the speed of the slot reel spin. All Sounds setting controls all sounds, including game and background sounds. Game Sounds setting controls console and spin sounds, as well as sounds for winning combinations and sequences. (Only enabled if All Sounds is ON.) Background Music setting controls background music. (Only enabled if All Sounds is ON.) Spacebar to Spin setting allows you to spin the reels using your computer's spacebar. Autoplay Using Autoplay, you can spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game. A bet amount must be set before starting the Autoplay session, as Autoplay plays with the last bet value. Triggering any feature will stop Autoplay. Autoplay can be stopped at any time. This does not influence the results of the spin. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. View pay tables or rules If the game rules or pay table are not displayed on the main game screen, there are different options you can use to view the details. Depending on the game you are playing, you can either: Select right arrow to view details. Select Menu and select Paytables to view details. Change settings Select left arrow to Settings . Change the relevant settings. Select right arrow to the game. Go to the lobby Depending on the game you are playing, there are different ways to go to the lobby. You can either: Select left arrow to Settings and select Back to Lobby . Or slide down to go to the lobby. Select Home to go the lobby. Mute sounds Depending on the game you are playing, there are different ways to mute sounds. You can either: Slide right to settings or go to game settings to turn sounds on or off. Spin and Stop in slots Select Spin to start the game. The Spin becomes a Stop . Select Stop to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. The theoretical return to player (RTP) is 95.83% Last modification date: 12/8/2020