Runes to Riches About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed on each payline played. The initial bet is the current total bet pided by the number of paylines played. Payline Rules This game includes 25 paylines. The number of paylines played is fixed. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Payout Rules The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. Wild Symbols Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Scatters and Link ™ symbols. Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. Wilds appear on reels 2 - 5 in Free Spins. Scatter Symbols Free Spins symbols are Scatter symbols. Scatters can create their own winning combination when landing anywhere on the reels. Link ™ Mega - 5000X bet. Major - 500X bet. Minor - 50X bet. Maxi - 10X bet. Mini - 5X bet. Land a Major, Minor, Maxi or Mini symbol during Link ™ to trigger the corresponding prize. Fill all the reels with Link ™ symbols to trigger the Mega. Blue Crystal, Green Crystal, Red Crystal, Gold Crystal are Link ™ symbols. Link ™ symbols appear on all reels. Land 6-14 Link ™ symbols to trigger the Link ™ feature. All Link ™ symbols are held and 3 respins awarded. Additional Link ™ symbols that land, are held, and respins reset to 3. Land a Green Crystal to randomly add its credit value to 2 or more held Blue Crystals. Green Crystal turns Blue after awarding their credit values. Land a Red Crystal to add its credit value to all held Blue Crystals. Red Crystal turns Blue after awarding their credit values. Land a Gold Crystal to add its credit value to all held Blue Crystals. Land another Crystal and the Gold Crystal will add its credit value to all Blue Crystals again. Gold Crystal value added once per spin only. Each Link ™ symbol awards a cash prize up to 50X bet, Major, Minor, Maxi or Mini. All Cash Prizes, Major, Minor, Maxi and Mini are awarded at the end of the feature. Free Spins Land 3 or more Scatters to trigger 11 Free Spins. Multiplying Wilds appearing on reels 3, 4 and 5 increase from spin to spin. Reel 3 Wilds can multiply wins up to 2X. Reel 4 Wilds can multiply wins up to 3X. Reel 5 Wilds can multiply wins up to 10X. Multiplying Wild values multiply each other up to 60X. Land 3 or more Scatters to trigger 3 additional Free Spins. Link ™ feature can be won during the Free Spins. All bets and lines played are the same as the spin that triggered the feature. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Spacebar: Pressing this keyboard button will start or stop a reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay start button: Starts Autoplay session. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Bet Increase button: Increases the current bet. Bet Decrease button: Decreases the current bet. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Balance: Displays the current balances. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Game Menu Menu button: Displays additional game options. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Banking button: Displays the banking page. Home button: Exits the game. Close button: Closes the game menu. Game Settings Sounds: Enables game sounds. Music: Enables game music. Sound Effects: Toggles the game's sound effects on or off. Intro Screen: Toggles the introductory screen on or off. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. This feature is available in base game only. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Fast Play button: Toggles to turn Fast Play on or off to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Values are calculated initially by piding the total possible payouts by the total possible outcomes that are available within the game. Values reflect the average expected return and do not change. RTP: 94.01%. Product Information Helpfile versions: Content 1.1.0 | App 1.2.2 Page generated: Last modification date: 11/14/2023