Pile 'Em Up Frosty Sweets About this Game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. This game is played with credits only. Spins within Bonus feature will be called bonus. Spins within Free Spins feature will be called free spins. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. Payout Rules Wins are multiplied by the total bet. Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins and coin symbol wins resulting from a spin. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Free Spins symbols pay scattered. Coinciding wins on different paylines are added to the win. Payline Rules A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. The number of paylines played is fixed. This game includes 20 paylines. Wild Symbols Wild symbols appear in base game and Free Spins feature. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except free spins, bonus and 1UP symbols. Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. Collect feature Coin symbols appear on reels 1-4. When a Collect symbol lands on reel 5, the total amount of all Coin symbols on screen is awarded multiplied with the value of the Coin Booster feature. This feature can trigger in base game and Free Spins. Coin symbols can have a value between 0.2x and 50x the total bet. Coin Booster feature This feature is available in base game, Free Spins and Bonus. Coin Booster feature multiplies the values of all coin symbols on reels with the multiplier shown in the Coin Booster display. The multiplier starts with a value of 1x and increases with each 1UP symbol landing on the reels. The multiplier can increase up to 10x. After the multiplier has been applied, the multiplier will reset to 1x. The multiplier value is collected and stored per bet. The Coin Booster feature does not apply to payline wins. Coin Booster feature triggers whenever a Collect symbol lands on reel 5 or in the case of Bonus feature at the end of the feature. Free Spins feature Landing 3 Free Spins symbols scattered on reels 1,3 and 5 will trigger the Free Spins feature. The feature awards the player 9 free spins to start. Landing 2 Free Spins symbols scattered on reels 1,3 and 5 at any time during the Free Spins feature will award 3 additional free spins. Landing 3 Free Spins symbols scattered on reels 1,3 and 5 at any time during the Free Spins feature will award 9 additional free spins. The Coin Booster multiplier starting value is carried over from the base game. The coin symbol wins and payline wins from the feature are added to Total Win for each spin. All the coin symbol values that land during the free spins are collected into the Coin Respin counter. When there are no free spins left the Coin Respin feature is activated with a chance to win the collected value. In Coin Respin feature, only reel 5 is enabled, reels 1 to 4 are disabled and hidden by coin stacks. If a Collect symbol lands on reel 5 during the Coin Respin feature the total value collected in the Coin Respin counter will be payed multiplied with the displayed Coin Booster multiplier. The Bonus feature cannot be triggered within the feature. The free spins are free to the player. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. The Free Spins feature ends after the Coin Respin feature is played out. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins, Collect feature wins, Free Spin symbols win and Coin Respin feature wins resulting from a spin. All lines played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Bonus feature Collecting a Bonus symbol on all reels will trigger the Bonus feature. Landing a Bonus symbol will lock that reel as collected and will be indicated to the player by a mark on the reel frame. Bonus symbols can be collected over several spins and more than one Bonus symbol can land at a time. Bonus symbol collection is stored per bet, changing a bet will restart the collection but returning to a previous bet will allow the player to keep collecting from the collection state before changing the bet. The feature awards the player 3 bonus spins to start. The Coin Booster multiplier starting value is carried over from the base game. For each coin symbol or 1UP symbol that lands the bonus spins will reset. The coin symbols will remain in position until the end of the spins. The win from the feature will be payed out at the end of the feature with all the coin symbol values added together and the multiplier value of the Coin Booster feature applied. If there is a coin in every landing position, all the coins will flip and award a prize of 50x bet per coin with the multiplier value of the Coin Booster feature applied. The feature ends when there are no remaining bonus spins left or there are no more landing positions for coins available. The last bet used in the round triggering the feature is the bet amount used for the feature. The bonus spins are free to the player. The Free Spins feature cannot be triggered within the Bonus. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Bet: Set the current bet value. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Aborting Autoplay or stopping the reels during Autoplay will not affect the outcome of the game. Autoplay will automatically stop if a Bonus or Free Spin feature is triggered. This feature is available in base game only. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Bet Increase button: Increases the current bet. Bet Decrease button: Decreases the current bet. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Defaultspin button: Enables Defaultspin to resolve spins at default speed. This does not influence the results of the spin. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Balance: Displays the current balances. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. A click or tap on the reels stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Game Menu Home button: Exits the game. Paytable button: Displays payout tables. Bet Settings Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Game Terminology PILE ‘EM UP FROSTY SWEETS™ = PILE ‘EM UP FROSTY SWEETS™ WILD = WILD BIG WIN = BIG WIN MEGA WIN = MEGA WIN EPIC WIN = EPIC WIN PILE EM UP = PILE EM UP COIN BOOSTER = COIN BOOSTER 1UP = 1UP COIN RESPIN = COIN RESPIN COLLECT = COLLECT FREE SPINS = FREE SPINS BONUS = BONUS BONUS SPINS = BONUS SPINS Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Start to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Use Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select No Thanks to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. This feature is only available in selected games. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Values are calculated initially by dividing the total payouts by the total bets from a simulation of numerous game rounds. Values reflect the average expected return and do not change. The Return to Player is defined at different stages or modes of the game. RTP: 94.18%. The probability of triggering certain game events may change during gameplay depending on the current game state or progress. Last modification date: 11/23/2023