Bolt X Up About this Game ´üČ This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. ´üČ The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. ´üČ Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. ´üČ This game includes 243 ways. X UP Feature ´üČ 2 landed Scatter symbols award an X UP token. No token is awarded for 3 landed Scatter symbols. ´üČ Awarded X UP tokens are collected and highlighted in the X UP Multiplier Trail device. ´üČ Greater Free Spins win multipliers are activated as more X UP tokens are collected. ´üČ When Free Spins is started, any active Free Spins win multiplier will be in effect from the beginning of the feature. ´üČ When Free Spins is started any collected X UP tokens will be carried into the feature. ´üČ Collecting 1 X UP token will activate the 2x Free Spins Multiplier. ´üČ Collecting 3 X UP tokens will activate the 3x Free Spins Multiplier. ´üČ Collecting 5 X UP tokens will activate the 4x Free Spins Multiplier. ´üČ Collecting 8 X UP tokens will activate the 5x Free Spins Multiplier. ´üČ Collecting 11 X UP tokens will activate the 6x Free Spins Multiplier. ´üČ Collecting 15 X UP tokens will activate the 7x Free Spins Multiplier. ´üČ Collecting 19 X UP tokens will activate the 8x Free Spins Multiplier. ´üČ Collecting 23 X UP tokens will activate the 10x Free Spins Multiplier and start the Free Spins Feature. ´üČ Collected X UP tokens and any activated Free Spins Multipliers are stored and used per bet amount. ´üČ Collected X UP tokens are removed on completion of Free Spins for the current bet amount. Upsizer Feature ´üČ Before the Free Spins feature begins, you have the option to purchase a higher starting Free Spins multiplier. ´üČ Once you have selected a multiplier, you are prompted to confirm your choice and the cost of increasing your starting multiplier. ´üČ The feature is only available when Free Spins is triggered by Scatter symbols landing with a Multiplier less than 10x. ´üČ The feature may be limited or made inaccessible while your bet exceeds a specified amount. ´üČ The feature may not be available in all regions. Free Spins ´üČ 3 Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels 2, 3, and 4 trigger 8 Free Spins. ´üČ Any activated X UP Free Spins win multiplier will be in effect from the start of the game. ´üČ During Free Spins, landing 2 Scatters will award 2 additional Free Spins and an X UP token. ´üČ Additional X UP tokens can be collected during Free Spins which can increase the active X UP Free Spins win multiplier. ´üČ All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. ´üČ A maximum of 10x X UP Free Spins win multiplier can be achieved. ´üČ All ways played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. ´üČ Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. ´üČ Free Spins cannot be retriggered. ´üČ Free Spins play out automatically. Buy Feature ´üČ Tapping the active Buy Bonus button will open the Buy feature. ´üČ Buy feature allows you to purchase 8 Free Spins, starting at a randomly awarded free spins multiplier. ´üČ The awarded multiplier can be equal to, or higher than your current multiplier. ´üČ Tapping 'Ôťô ' will confirm your choice to buy a randomly awarded multiplier. ´üČ Tapping the 'X' button will close the Buy feature. ´üČ The Buy Bonus Feature and any purchased Free Spins are played at the currently selected bet. ´üČ This feature is available in base game only. ´üČ The feature may be limited or made inaccessible while your bet exceeds a specified amount. ´üČ The feature may not be available in all regions. Bet Rules ´üČ Each spin played costs a total bet amount. ´üČ The initial bet is the current total bet pided by the way cost of 30. Way Rules ´üČ This game includes 243 ways. ´üČ A way is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs across the reels. ´üČ A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other in this pattern. ´üČ Way wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Payout Rules ´üČ Way win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. ´üČ The total payout is the sum of all way wins and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. ´üČ Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. ´üČ The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. ´üČ The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. ´üČ If multiple winning combinations land on a single way, only the highest win is awarded. Wild Symbols ´üČ Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. ´üČ Wild symbols expand to fill the reel. ´üČ Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Scatters. ´üČ Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a way combination. Scatter Symbols ´üČ In base game this symbol appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. ´üČ In free spins this symbol appears on reels 2 and 4 only. ´üČ Scatters can create their own winning combination when landing anywhere on the reels. ´üČ Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Autoplay ´üČ This feature is available in base game only. ´üČ Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. ´üČ Selecting an autoplay option button will set the number of spins and start Autoplay ´üČ AutoPlay plays with the last bet value you selected, so you must select a bet amount before starting AutoPlay. ´üČ The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. ´üČ Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Autoplay Options ´üČ AutoPlay options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. ´üČ Number of spins: Set the number of spins you want to play. ´üČ Bet settings: Set the bet amount you want to play. ´üČ Until stop: Set the session to play until you select to stop. This does not influence the results of the spin. ´üČ Stop if a win exceeds or equals: Stop the session if the win exceeds or equals the amount selected. ´üČ Win Limit or If win at least: Stop the session if the win exceeds or equals the amount selected. ´üČ Loss Limit or If amount drops by: Stop the session if your balance decreases and drops below or equals the amount selected. ´üČ Stop once all spins are complete: Stop after playing the number of spins selected. ´üČ Stop on any win: Stop the session if you win on a spin. ´üČ Stop if credits increase by: Stop the session if your balance increases and exceeds or equals the amount selected. ´üČ Stop if credits decrease by: Stop the session if your balance decreases and drops below or equals the amount selected. ´üČ Stop on a feature: Stops if Free Spins or another bonus feature is activated. Bet Settings ´üČ Quick Bet: Displays a range of quick betting options to select your total bet amount. ´üČ Advanced: (+) or (-) Selects the total amount you want to bet. ´üČ Max Bet: Available in both Quick Bet and Advanced modes, places the maximum bet permitted. ´üČ Bet options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. Game Controls ´üČ Spin button: Starts a reel spin. ´üČ Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. ´üČ Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. ´üČ Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. ´üČ Bet: Displays the current total bet. ´üČ Balance: Displays the current balances. ´üČ Menu button: Displays additional game options. Game Menu ´üČ Close button: Closes the game menu. ´üČ Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. ´üČ Settings button: Displays the game settings. ´üČ Menu button: Displays additional game options. ´üČ Banking button: Displays the banking page. ´üČ Help button: Displays help and additional information. ´üČ Home button: Exits the game. Game Settings ´üČ Sounds: Enables game sounds. Additional Information ´üČ Some settings and features may not be available in this game. ´üČ Malfunction voids all pays and plays. ´üČ In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. ´üČ The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. ´üČ The results of the last game played are displayed. ´üČ If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. ´üČ Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. ´üČ Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. Return to Player ´üČ The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. ´üČ Values are calculated initially by piding the total possible payouts by the total possible outcomes that are available within the game. ´üČ Values reflect the maximum expected return and do not change. ´üČ The Return to Player is defined at different stages or modes of the game. ´üČ The probability of triggering certain game events may change during gameplay depending on the current game state or progress. ´üČ Overall RTP: 94.04%. ´üČ Buy Feature RTP: 94.04%. Last modification date: 6/13/2022