Celestial Flash of Zeus About this Game The objective of the game is to spin the reels to land the symbols in different combinations. As winning combinations are highlighted on the reels, a payout is awarded. Way Rules This game includes 720 ways in both directions. A way is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs across the reels. Way wins run from left to right and right to left, starting from the first and last reel respectively. The award is multiplied by the number of symbols that occur per reel in the winning combination. If multiple winning combinations land on a single way, only the highest win is awarded. The bet multiplier is the total bet divided by 10. Ways wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. Payout Rules The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. The total payout is the sum of all way wins resulting from a spin. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Jackpot Token Jackpot tokens may appear anywhere on the reels. Jackpots are incremented by 0.5x bet by landing tokens on the associating reel. Jackpot tokens are added to a corresponding Jackpot depending on the reel they landed on. Thunder wheel Collect 1 or more Jackpot token symbols for a chance to spin the Thunder wheel. Spin the wheel to win 1 of 5 guaranteed Jackpots. Jackpots: Mini, Minor, Major, Mega, Grand Mini Jackpot awards 5x - 75x bet. Minor Jackpot grants 10x – 100x bet. Major Jackpot bestows 50x - 250x bet. Mega Jackpot pours down 200x - 1 000x bet. Grand Jackpot strikes with 1 000x - 5 000x bet. Jackpots are displayed above each reel, being linked accordingly. Once the Jackpot is awarded, its value resets. Jackpot values scale with bet changes. Free Spins Land 1 or more Scatters on every reel to trigger the Free Spins. Triggering the feature grants 1x total bet. Upon triggering, every Scatter that landed bestows either 1 extra Free Spin or increments the Free Spins multiplier by 1x. The feature begins with a minimum of 6 Free Spins. 1 or more Scatters on every reel retriggers the Free Spins feature. All bets and ways are played the same as the spin that triggered the feature. Free Spins Multiplier Free Spins multiplier is revealed in the Free Spins multiplier counter. Free Spins multiplier can be incremented in base game and upon entering Free Spins. Free Spins multiplier is applied to way wins and retrigger pays. Free Spins multiplier grows by 0.5x when Free Spins scatters land on precisely 4 reels in base game. The maximum number of accumulated multiplier during the base game is 10x. The maximum number of Free Spins multiplier upon entering the feature is 15x. Free Spins multiplier resets to 1x after the feature is completed. Wild Symbols Wilds can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wilds can substitute for all symbols except Free Spins scatters and Jackpot token symbols. Wilds may appear on reels 2, 3 and 4. Autoplay This feature is available in the base game only. Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. The spacebar/enter performs the function of a spin button. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Slam Stop allows a player to manually interact with the game to stop the reels. Holding the spacebar/enter allows to play in the slam stop mode. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Holding the spacebar/enter for 3 seconds activates a QuickSpin. (If it has not been activated before). Balance: Displays the current balances. Game Menu Menu button: Displays additional game options. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Audio button: Toggles the game audio. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Game Settings Audio: Enables the game audio. Show Video Intro: Displays the video intro on game launch. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of additional game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired, the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information In-game video is used for promotional purposes only. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. RTP: 94.01% Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Translation of Game Terms Big Win - Big Win Epic Win - Epic Win Free Spins - Free Spins Grand - Grand (prize) Major - Major (prize) Mega - Mega (prize) Mega Win - Mega Win Mini - Mini (prize) Minor - Minor (prize) Thunder wheel - Jackpot wheel You Won - You Won Last modification date: 1/27/2026