Magnificent Power Apollo About this Game This is a 5 reel 4 row video slot game. Up to 6 reels, 4 rows can be activated. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. This game includes 30 fixed paylines. Payout Rules If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Payline Rules A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. This game includes 30 fixed paylines. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the payline cost of 10. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the paylines played. Wild Symbols Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Coin, Multiplier and Free Spins symbols. Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. This symbol creates its own winning combination. Random Multiplier Wild multiplies wins when substituting for other symbols. The multipliers are 2x, 3x, or 5x. Stacked Wild symbol may only appear on 1 reel on any given spin. Free Spins Wild only appears in Free Spins. Free Spins Symbol Free Spins symbol is Scatter. Scatters pay in any position. Magnificent Power™ Feature Land a Stacked Wild symbol to collect all Coins on screen. Collect 30 Coins to change the Stacked Wild to Random Multiplier Wild. Wild upgrade will occur at the beginning of the next game. Collect 60 Coins to unlock Jackpot Free Spin feature, Wild Free Spin feature, Bonus symbol, and the 6th reel. Free Spins Feature, Free Spins Multiplier and the 6th reel unlock will occur at the beginning of the next game. Only Wilds, Free Spins and High Paying symbols will appear on the 6th reel. Coins may appear on any symbol except any Stacked Wild. Replace Feature The Replace Feature takes a losing spin and guarantees a win. A losing spin with a Stacked Wild may award this feature. All symbols are removed except the Stacked Wild symbol. Only High Paying Symbols will drop in. A win is guaranteed with at least 1 High Paying symbol combination. This feature is available in base game only. This feature will not occur on a Free Spins triggering spin. Free Spins Multiplier The Free Spins Multiplier is displayed in the Free Spins Multiplier meter. The Free Spins Multiplier starts at 1X. Each Multiplier symbol that appears increases the Free Spins Multiplier by 0.5X. The maximum Free Spins Multiplier available to earn in the base game is a 5X. The Free Spins Multiplier resets to 1X after Free Spins are complete. The Multiplier symbol is only available in the base game. The Multiplier symbol cannot appear on Free Spins triggering spin. The Multiplier symbol cannot appear on Free Spins or Wild symbols. The Multiplier symbol cannot appear within the Replace and Free Spins features. Free Spins 3, 4, 5 or 6 Free Spins symbols scattered anywhere triggers 7 free spins. Select the Spin button to start the Free Spins. Random Wild Multiplier is available in the Free Spins. Free Spins Multiplier is added to Random Wild Multiplier to multiply all line wins with Random Wild Multiplier. Free Spins Multiplier multiplies all line wins without Random Multiplier Wild. Collect Special symbols to change High Paying symbols to Wild symbols. Collect 5 Special symbols to change all High 1 symbols to Wild symbols. Collect 10 Special symbols to change all High 2 symbols to Wild symbols. Collect 15 Special symbols to change all High 3 symbols to Wild symbols. Collect 20 Special symbols to change all High 4 symbols to Wild symbols. Special symbols cannot appear on Random Multiplier Wilds and Free Spins symbols. High Paying symbols change on the achieving spin. Evaluation will occur after the symbol change. Any symbol change will remain for the entire Free Spins. Free spins can be retriggered. 3, 4, 5 or 6 Free Spins symbols scattered anywhere retriggers 7 free spins. Wins awarded during this feature are added to base game wins. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. All lines played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Game Controls Credits: Displays the current balances. Bet: Sets the current bet value. Win: Displays the most recent win. Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Spacebar: Starts a reel spin. Spins are played at the current selected bet. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Spacebar during reel spin stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Selecting the game screen can stop the spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Hold to Turbo Spin: Hold the spin button to enable Turbo Spin. Turbo Spin resolves spins as fast as possible and will start the next spin. Turbo Spin ends when the spin button is lifted. This does not influence the results of the spin. Hold spacebar to Turbo Spin: Hold the spacebar to enable Turbo Spin. Turbo Spin resolves spins as fast as possible and will start the next spin. Turbo Spin ends when the spacebar is lifted. This does not influence the results of the spin. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Home button: Exits the game. Help button: Displays help and additional information. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Spins are played at the current selected bet. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. This feature is available in base game only. Game Settings Quickspin: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Left-Handed Mode button: Enables left-handed mode. Music: Enables game music. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Startup Screen button: Enables game advertisement on game load. Bet Settings Bet Value buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Max Bet button: Sets the current bet to the maximum value. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of additional game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to accept the offer and begin playing. Only one offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the offer. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired, the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Last modification date: 8/5/2025