Stumpy McDoodles About this Game Stumpy McDoodles is a 5-reel, 4-row video slot with 20 pay lines including Stumpy Random Wilds, Rainbow Respin, Buy Free Spins, Foxify™ features and Free Spins game with Shifting Wilds and Progressive Multiplier. Playing the game, payouts and refresh The game is played with 20 paylines. Through setting bets and clicking on the Spin button, the player needs to get symbols to match from left to right on a slot machine. 3 Scatters appearing anywhere on reels 1, 3, and 5 activate 5 Free Spins. The bet level is set using the bet level selector. All line wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right only on adjacent reels. Winnings will be awarded according to the paytable. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. Only the highest award is paid per winning combination. Foxify™ feature does not affect symbol payouts. The win amount is immediately credited to the balance. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Free Spins 3 Scatters appearing anywhere on reels 1, 3 and 5 activate 5 Free Spins. Free Spins includes the Coin Collection and Progressive Multiplier features. On every Free Spin, there is a chance to collect coins. There are 2 types of coins: Wild coins and multiplier coins. Free Spins starts with 1 Shifting Wild on the reels and a multiplier of 1x. Shifting Wilds move to a new position every spin. Free Spins are played at the triggering bet. Free Spins: Coin Collection Collect coins to increase multipliers, unlock extra Shifting Wilds and extra Free Spins. 1 Wild coin can be collected per spin, up to 4 coins in total. Wild coin 1: 2 Shifting Wilds on the reels. Wild coin 2: 3 Free Spins awarded and 3 Shifting Wilds on the reels. Wild coin 3: 4 Shifting Wilds on the reels. Wild coin 4: 4 Shifting Wilds form a block of 2 x 2 symbols and 3 Free Spins awarded. Free Spins: Progressive Multiplier The pot of gold can appear randomly to reveal a multiplier coin of 1x, 2x or 3x. Each new multiplier will be added to the current multiplier value. The resulting multiplier will be applied to the current spin and multiply all payline wins. Features Stumpy Random Wilds The Stumpy Random Wilds feature can activate randomly on any base game spin. A pot of gold will appear and award magical prizes. A win multiplier between 2x and 5x will be awarded. 3 to 8 Wilds will be added to random positions on the reels. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except Scatter symbols. If the Wild symbol lands over a Scatter and there are 3 Scatters on the reels, all winning combinations will be paid first and then the Free Spins will be activated. Rainbow Respin A Rainbow Respin is awarded if 2 Scatters land on reels. A reel without Scatter will respin once. The other reels will be locked during the respin. Scatter symbols can appear on reels 1, 3 or 5. Buy Free Spins Activate the Buy Free Spins feature to instantly trigger 5 Free Spins. The feature costs 50× total bet. The Foxify™ feature does not affect the Buy Free Spins feature cost. The feature may not be available above a certain bet threshold. The Foxify™ feature will be automatically deactivated when Free Spins are triggered using the Buy feature. Foxify™ feature This feature can be activated in the base game. Activate the Foxify™ feature to double the multiplier values in the base game and Free Spins. The Foxify™ feature increases your game bet by 50%. This increase does not affect symbol pays. Autoplay Autoplay enables you to automatically play a set number of consecutive games without interacting with the game. Autoplay plays with the last bet value you selected, so you must select a bet amount before starting Autoplay. Each game has different options and Autoplay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. The number of spins remaining in your Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Autoplay options Autoplay options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. Number of spins: Set the number of spins you want to play. Until stop: Set the session to play until you select to stop. This does not influence the results of the spin. Loss limit: Stop the session if your balance decreases and drops below or equals the amount selected. Single win limit: Stop the session if the win exceeds or equals the amount selected. Start Autoplay Select a bet amount. Click Autoplay button: Select your Autoplay options. Click Start button to begin your Autoplay session. Click Stop button to end Autoplay: Clicking this button does not influence the results of the spin. Controls Menu: Toggles the menu display. Win: Displays the win for the current or previous win payout round. Balance: Displays your account balance. Bet: Change your bet size in the menu. Clicking on the bet field toggles the menu display. Quick Spin: Increases the reel spin speed to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay: Displays the Autoplay options where you can select to spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game. Stop Autoplay: Stop the Autoplay session. This does not influence the results of the spin. Spin (a button with a circular arrow): Start the game round. Stop button: Displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Audio: Mute / Un-mute game sounds control available in the menu. Last modification date: 3/15/2023