Gold Mine Stacks 2 About this Game ´üČ This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. ´üČ The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. ´üČ Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Bet Rules ´üČ Each spin played costs a total bet amount. Payline Rules ´üČ This game includes 20 fixed paylines. ´üČ A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. ´üČ A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. ´üČ Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Payout Rules ´üČ Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. ´üČ The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. ´üČ If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. ´üČ The total payout is the sum of all payline wins resulting from a spin. ´üČ Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. ´üČ The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. ´üČ The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. ´üČ Wins are multiplied by the base bet (excluding the Bonus Bet cost). Wild Symbols ´üČ Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Bonus symbols. ´üČ Wild symbols appear in base game only. ´üČ Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. Wild Stacks Respins ´üČ A full stack of Wild symbols triggers this feature. ´üČ Full stacks of Wild symbols are sticky and free respins are awarded as long as new full stacks land on any of the reels. ´üČ Filling all the reels with the Wild symbol awards the payout according to the paytable and ends the feature. ´üČ All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. ´üČ All lines played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. ´üČ The Gold Mine Stacks Bonus feature cannot trigger during the Wild Stacks Respins feature. ´üČ If the Wild Stacks Respins feature is triggered at the same time as the Gold Mine Stacks Bonus feature, the Wild Stacks Respins will be played before the Gold Mine Stacks Bonus is launched. ´üČ The Wild Stacks Respins feature can trigger in the base game only. Gold Mine Stacks Bonus - Overview ´üČ 3, 4 or 5 Bonus symbols landing anywhere on the reels trigger this feature. ´üČ This feature can only trigger in the base game. ´üČ When this feature is triggered with 3 Bonus symbols, no Super-lives are awarded. ´üČ When this feature is triggered with 4 Bonus symbols, one Super-life is awarded. ´üČ When this feature is triggered with 5 Bonus Symbols, two Super-lives are awarded. ´üČ If the feature is triggered with less than two Super-lives, the gamble option is available, allowing the player to gamble for up to two Super-lives. ´üČ The Gamble features two options: "Gamble" to proceed with gamble for Super-life, and "Take" to start the Bonus without taking a gamble. ´üČ Winning a gamble awards one Super-life. ´üČ Losing any gamble ends the Bonus with no payout. ´üČ The Gold Mine Stacks Bonus consists of 16 levels and always starts on level 1. Gold Mine Stacks Bonus - Gameplay ´üČ At the beginning of the Gold Mine Stacks Bonus, the Randomizer feature boosts one of the Bonus prizes by up to 20x. ´üČ If the Safe symbol is selected in the Randomizer, the Gold Mine Stacks Bonus is upgraded to Super Gold Mine Stacks Bonus where all prizes are boosted. ´üČ The possible prize multipliers are: 2x, 3x, 5x, 7x, 10x, 15x and 20x. ´üČ Bonus symbols from the base game are transferred into the Bonus game. ´üČ The Bonus prizes are the multipliers of the base bet. ´üČ 1 life is removed at the beginning of each spin. ´üČ Landing at least 1 Bonus symbol during a spin resets the number of lives back to 3. ´üČ If all lives are removed, and at least one Super-life is available, a Super-life is removed to reset the number of lives to 3. ´üČ If all lives are removed, and no Super-lives are available, the Bonus ends. ´üČ When any of the reels are filled with the Bonus symbols on levels 1-15, the Bonus will progress to the next level. ´üČ Reaching level 16 ends the Bonus game and awards the maximum payout. ´üČ All the prizes from the Bonus symbols collected during the Bonus game add up to produce the total win. ´üČ Winnings are automatically collected at the end of the Gold Mine Stacks Bonus. ´üČ The total win from the Gold Mine Stacks Bonus is capped at 50 000x the base bet. ´üČ When the win reaches or exceeds that amount, the Bonus ends with the maximum payout awarded. Gold Mine Stacks Bonus - Levels ´üČ Each level offers 8 possible Bonus prizes which can land on the reels. ´üČ Level 1 starts with 3 lives. ´üČ Levels 2-15 always start with an empty board. ´üČ When any of the reels are filled with the Bonus symbols on levels 2-15, the Bonus will progress to the next level. ´üČ Reaching level 16 ends the Bonus game and awards the maximum payout. Bonus Bet ´üČ Bonus Bet can be enabled and disabled any time between the bets in the base game. ´üČ Enabling the Bonus Bet doubles the chance of triggering the Gold Mine Stacks Bonus. ´üČ Activating the Bonus Bet increases the total bet by 25%. ´üČ Any wins in the Gold Mine Stacks Bonus triggered with the Bonus Bet enabled are the multipliers of the base bet (ignoring the 25% Bonus Bet cost). ´üČ Buy Bonus and Bonus Bet cannot be activated simultaneously. Buy Bonus ´üČ Activating this feature will instantly trigger the Gold Mine Stacks Bonus feature. ´üČ This feature costs 100x the bet if Gold Mine Stacks Bonus is selected. ´üČ This feature costs 250x the bet if Super Gold Mine Stacks Bonus is selected. ´üČ This feature is available in the base game only. ´üČ This feature is not available above a certain bet threshold. ´üČ Buy Bonus and Bonus Bet cannot be activated simultaneously. ´üČ The bet amount can be changed directly from the Bonus Store screen. Autoplay ´üČ Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. ´üČ Spins are played at the current selected bet. ´üČ The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. ´üČ Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. ´üČ Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. ´üČ Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. ´üČ When all autoplay rounds are played, a popup with 3 options in presented: "START" starts the same number of autoplay rounds with the same settings, "MORE" opens the autoplay settings, "X" closes the popup. ´üČ This feature is available in the base game only. ´üČ Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Bet Settings ´üČ Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Game Controls ´üČ Spin button: Starts a reel spin. ´üČ Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. ´üČ Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. ´üČ Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. ´üČ The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. ´üČ Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. ´üČ Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. ´üČ Bet: Displays the current total bet. ´üČ Total Win: Displays the most recent win. ´üČ Balance: Displays the current balances. ´üČ Menu button: Displays additional game options. ´üČ Buy Bonus button: Displays the option to purchase the Gold Mine Stacks Bonus. ´üČ Bonus Store button: Displays the option to purchase the available bonus features. ´üČ Bonus Bet button: Enables and disables the Bonus Bet option ´üČ Help button: Displays help and additional information. ´üČ Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Game Menu ´üČ Sounds: Enables game sounds. ´üČ Home button: Exits the game. ´üČ Banking button: Displays the banking page. ´üČ Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. ´üČ Settings button: Displays the game settings. ´üČ Menu button: Closes the game menu. Game Settings ´üČ Push spacebar to spin: enables or disables this option. ´üČ High quality (60 fps): Enables high quality 60 frames per second gameplay. ´üČ Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Additional Information ´üČ The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. ´üČ Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. ´üČ If the game is interrupted during play, the game round can be replayed after restarting the game. ´üČ If an option to skip the replay is chosen after restarting the game, the win will be added to the balance immediately. ´üČ Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. ´üČ Some settings and features may not be available in this game. ´üČ Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Translation of Game Terms ´üČ Gold Mine Stacks Bonus = Gold Mine Stacks Bonus ´üČ Wild Stacks Respins = Wild Stacks Respins ´üČ Randomizer = Randomizer ´üČ Respin = Respin ´üČ Wild = Wild ´üČ Bonus = Bonus ´üČ Big Win = Big Win ´üČ Super Win = Super Win ´üČ Mega Win = Mega Win ´üČ Level Up! = Level Up! ´üČ On = On ´üČ Off = Off Return to Player ´üČ The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. ´üČ Values are calculated initially by dividing the total payouts by the total bets from a simulation of numerous game rounds. ´üČ Values reflect the maximum expected return and do not change. ´üČ Overall RTP: 94.04%. ´üČ RTP with Bonus Bet disabled when gamble is never made: 94.04% ´üČ RTP with Bonus Bet disabled when gamble is made one time if Bonus is triggered with no Super-lives: 94.03% ´üČ RTP with Bonus Bet disabled when gamble is always made: 94.00% ´üČ RTP with Bonus Bet enabled when gamble is never made: 94.01% ´üČ RTP with Bonus Bet enabled when gamble is made one time if Bonus is triggered with no Super-lives: 94.00%. ´üČ RTP with Bonus Bet enabled when gamble is always made: 94.04%. ´üČ RTP with Buy Bonus (Gold Mine Stacks Bonus), when gamble is never made: 94.05% ´üČ RTP with Buy Bonus (Gold Mine Stacks Bonus), when gamble is made one time if Bonus is triggered with no Super-lives: 94.03%. ´üČ RTP with Buy Bonus (Gold Mine Stacks Bonus), when gamble is always made: 94.00%. ´üČ RTP with Buy Bonus (Super Gold Mine Stacks Bonus), when gamble is never made: 94.03% ´üČ RTP with Buy Bonus (Super Gold Mine Stacks Bonus), when gamble is made one time if Bonus is triggered with no Super-lives: 94.01%. ´üČ RTP with Buy Bonus (Super Gold Mine Stacks Bonus), when gamble is always made: 94.03%. Last modification date: 2/16/2023