Hyper Star Way Rules Winnings are paid out only on the highest combination. All ways wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right in any position only on adjacent reels. Ways wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier. l Each spin can have up to 243 ways to win. Game Payouts Winnings paid out on the slot machine are dependent on the symbols displayed in the reel area, once the reels have come to a stop. All payout tables display the number of credits that are won for each winning combination. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Rolling Reels™ Feature Rolling Reels™ are active in base game and Free Spins. Winning symbols from ways wins are removed to make way for new symbols. l Winning symbol combinations are removed from the reels after you are paid out. l The symbols above the removed symbols shift position to fill the empty spaces. New symbols fall in to replace the empty spaces. When the Free Spin feature is triggered, winning combinations are removed after the feature completes. Rolling Reels™ can award multiple consecutive wins. Wild Symbols Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols. Wild symbols appear on reels 2, 3, and 4. Jackpot Bonus Every spin, Wilds are collected throughout the Rolling Reels™ play. The more Wilds collected, the higher the chance of triggering the bonus. Once the Rolling Reels™ feature is complete, the Jackpot bonus has a chance to trigger. Once triggered, a single Jackpot is awarded: Minor, Major, or Grand. The chance of winning the Jackpot increases with each Wild symbol collected, up to a maximum of 100%. Only the Wild symbols collected on the current spin contribute to the chance of triggering a Jackpot. Jackpot wins are available in base game and Free Spins. Jackpot wins are multiplied by total bet. The graphical collection pot in the game is purely for visual entertainment and as such does not influence awarding a Jackpot. Multiplier Trail The win multiplier is applied to ways pays as each win is revealed. The win multiplier increases with each consecutive roll, up to a maximum. The Base Game win multiplier starts at 1 on each base spin and continues to 2, 3, and 5 with each winning roll. The Free Spins win multiplier starts at 3 on each Free Spin and continues to 6, 9, and 15 with each winning roll. Free Spins 3 Free Spins symbols award 8 spins of the Free Spins game per way. Free Spins symbols can be substituted by the Wild symbol. The 4th and 5th reels are not considered for Free Spin awards. All bets during Free Spins are the same as the triggering spin. The Free Spins win multiplier starts at 3 on each free spin and continues to 6, 9, and 15 with each winning roll. Free Spins can be retriggered during Free Spins. Icons Autoplay Main Menu Return Decrement Increment Bet Quick Spin Mute / Unmute Responsible Gaming Player Protection Loyalty Game History Transaction History Banking Settings Paytable / Information Help Files Lobby Discard Some of these options may not be available in your location. Playing the Game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form winning combinations. The payout is dependent on the winning combinations formed. Your balance is displayed in credits and is available in the console bar. Select your bet on a mobile device by tapping the Bet icon or the Bet area. Select your bet in desktop through the Main Menu or on the console bar. Click or tap the spin button to spin the reels. Select the stop button to stop the current reel spin. This can also be done by clicking or tapping the reels. This does not influence the results of the spin. If enabled in Settings, you may press spacebar to spin or stop. Once the reels stop, wins are highlighted if you have a winning combination. You are paid out the win amount as displayed in the win box. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is completed and you can play again. Bet Selection Select your bet on a mobile device by tapping Bet in the console bar or by tapping the Bet icon. Select your bet in desktop with the Increment and Decrement icons on the console bar. You can also select your bet from the Main Menu using the Bet icon, or by clicking the bet area. Settings The Settings panel provides access to multiple game settings. Some settings may not be available in your location. To access the Settings panel, open the Main Menu and select the Settings icon. You can choose which settings to turn on or off. Show Tutorial at Startup setting displays the tutorial on launching the game. Quick Spin setting increases the speed of the slot reel spin. All Sounds setting controls all sounds, including game and background sounds. Game Sounds setting controls console and spin sounds, as well as sounds for winning combinations and sequences. (Only enabled if All Sounds is ON.) Background Music setting controls background music. (Only enabled if All Sounds is ON.) l Spacebar to Spin setting allows you to spin the reels using your computer's spacebar. Additional Information l n the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. This value is fixed and does not change. This game has an RTP of 94.10%. Last modification date: 11/23/2022