Peaky Pigs About this Game ´üČ The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. ´üČ Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. ´üČ This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. ´üČ This game is played with credits only. Return to Player ´üČ The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. ´üČ Overall RTP: 94.09%. ´üČ This game has an RTP of 94.43% with the Buy Free Spins feature. ´üČ Values are calculated initially by piding the total payouts by the total bets from a simulation of numerous game rounds. ´üČ Values reflect the average expected return and do not change. Bet Rules ´üČ Each spin played costs a total bet amount. Payline Rules ´üČ A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. ´üČ A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. ´üČ Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. ´üČ The number of paylines played is fixed. ´üČ This game includes 20 paylines. Payout Rules ´üČ Wins are multiplied by the total bet. ´üČ The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. ´üČ The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. ´üČ Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. ´üČ Coinciding wins on different paylines are added to the win. ´üČ Free Spins symbols pay scattered. ´üČ If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. ´üČ Any wild combinations on the payline pay the highest win awarded before wild multipliers are applied. ´üČ Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. ´üČ The total payout is the sum of all payline wins and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. ´üČ The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. Payout Limit ´üČ This game has a payout limit of 20 000x bet ´üČ All subsequent wins during the spin will be capped. ´üČ The win count-up will continue to the payout limit of this game. ´üČ If Free Spins are being played, all remaining Free Spins will be forfeited and the game will continue to the feature outro modal screen. ´üČ The payout limit can be reached in the Base Game and the Free Spins feature. Wild Symbols ´üČ Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Free Spins symbols. ´üČ If a win includes several Wild symbols, the multiplier values are all multiplied together ´üČ Each Wild symbol lands with a multiplier between 1x and 5x. ´üČ Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. ´üČ In cases of short spin intervals, for example with Quickspin enabled, the Wild multiplier may not be displayed. Free Spins Feature ´üČ Free Spins is a Free Spins feature. ´üČ Free Spins symbols appear in base game only. ´üČ Free Spins symbols appear on reels 1,3 and 5 only. ´üČ 3 Free Spins symbols anywhere on the reels trigger this feature. ´üČ In Free Spins you are awarded 3 Free Spins that can reset. ´üČ Landing a Wild symbol during the free spins resets the remaining free spins to 3. ´üČ Wild symbols become Sticky Wild symbols. ´üČ Sticky Wild symbols remain in their position for the duration of the free spins ´üČ The maximum multiplier for a Sticky Wild symbol during the feature is 9x. ´üČ All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. ´üČ Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. ´üČ Once a Wild symbol has landed, for each remaining spin a dynamite increases the value of 1 random Sticky Wild symbol by 1x. ´üČ Free Spins play out automatically. ´üČ The Free Spins are free to the player. ´üČ The feature ends when there are no remaining free spins left. Piggy Pots Bonus Feature ´üČ Piggy Pots Bonus is a Free Spins feature. ´üČ Coin symbols appear in base game only. ´üČ The coin symbol can appear over any of the pig symbols. ´üČ Collecting the coin symbols grants a chance of triggering the Piggy Pots Bonus. ´üČ In this feature, the free spins are referred to as bonus spins. ´üČ 5 bonus spins are awarded. ´üČ There are 4 fixed prize levels awarding 15x, 40x, 200x and 5 000x bet which are drawn randomly as a prize for each pig symbol. ´üČ The pig symbol that lands the most number of times during 5 bonus spins is awarded the prize indicated in the meter below the respective pig. ´üČ All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. ´üČ Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. ´üČ Bonus spins play out automatically. ´üČ The bonus spins are free to the player. ´üČ The coin symbols can only appear on non-winning rounds and cannot appear if there is a Free Spins symbol on the first reel. ´üČ The feature ends when there are no remaining bonus spins left. Buy Feature ´üČ The Buy Free Spins cost is 50x bet. ´üČ This feature is available in base game only. ´üČ Activating this feature will instantly trigger the Free Spins feature. ´üČ This feature is not available above a certain bet threshold. Autoplay ´üČ Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. ´üČ Spins are played at the current selected bet. ´üČ The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. ´üČ Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. ´üČ Bet: Set the current bet value. ´üČ Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. ´üČ Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. ´üČ Aborting Autoplay or stopping the reels during Autoplay will not affect the outcome of the game. ´üČ Autoplay will automatically stop if a Bonus or Free Spin feature is triggered. ´üČ This feature is available in base game only. Game Controls ´üČ Spin button: Starts a reel spin. ´üČ Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. ´üČ Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. ´üČ Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. ´üČ Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. ´üČ Menu button: Displays additional game options. ´üČ Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. ´üČ Sounds: Enables game sounds. ´üČ Balance: Displays the current balances. ´üČ Bet: Displays the current total bet. ´üČ Win: Displays the most recent win. ´üČ A click or tap on the reels stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. ´üČ Buy button: Displays the option to purchase the Free Spins feature. Game Menu ´üČ Home button: Exits the game. ´üČ Settings button: Displays the game settings. ´üČ Paytable button: Displays payout tables. Bet Settings ´üČ Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Game Settings ´üČ Sounds: Enables game sounds. ´üČ Quickspin: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Additional Information ´üČ Some settings and features may not be available in this game. ´üČ Malfunction voids all pays and plays. ´üČ In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. ´üČ The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. ´üČ The results of the last game played are displayed. ´üČ Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. ´üČ Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. ´üČ If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Game Terminology ´üČ PEAKY PIGSÔäó = PEAKY PIGSÔäó ´üČ WILD = WILD ´üČ MULTIPLIER WILDS = MULTIPLIER WILDS ´üČ FREE SPINS = FREE SPINS ´üČ BONUS SPINS = BONUS SPINS ´üČ BIG WIN = BIG WIN ´üČ MEGA WIN = MEGA WIN ´üČ EPIC WIN = EPIC WIN ´üČ pING HOME THE BACON = pING HOME THE BACON ´üČ PIGGY POTS BONUS = PIGGY POTS BONUS ´üČ TOMMY HILPIGGER = TOMMY HILPIGGER ´üČ SAM THE HAM = SAM THE HAM ´üČ RICKY RIBS = RICKY RIBS ´üČ BILLY BACON = BILLY BACON ´üČ BUY = BUY ´üČ BUY FREE SPINS = BUY FREE SPINS Last modification date: 12/2/2022