Elven Gold About this Game Welcome to Elven Gold. This is a 5 reel 4 row video slot game. It features Free Spins, Buy Free Spins, Wild, and Scatter pays. General Win on a line pays if in succession from the leftmost to the rightmost position according to the PAYTABLE. Only the highest win per line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different lines are added. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except Free Spins symbols and Scatters. Wild symbols substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a line according to the PAYTABLE. Free Spins and Scatter pays cannot trigger in the same spin. Scatters In the base game, landing at least 4 Scatters in one spin pays out. In the base game, Scatters pay when the spin is complete. Only the highest paying count of the Scatters pays out. The Scatter payout is awarded as a multiple of the total bet according to the PAYTABLE. Scatter payouts are added to line wins. Free Spins Free Spins symbols only appear on reels 2, 3, and 4 in the base game. 3 Free Spins symbols awards 3 Free Spins. In Free Spins, Scatters do not pay when they land, instead they are collected. Collected Scatters are tracked on a meter. A maximum of 12 Scatters can be collected. When one or more Scatters are collected in a spin, and the total number of Scatters collected is less than 12, the Free Spins counter is reset to 3 at the end of that spin. When the maximum of 12 Scatters has been collected, any other Scatters remaining on the visible reel area will not be collected, and the Free Spins counter will not reset. When the maximum of 12 Scatters has been collected, all Scatters are removed from the reel sets for the remaining spins of Free Spins. The Scatter pay is only awarded when the feature is complete and is based on the total number of Scatters collected. The last bet placed in the game is used as the Free Spins bet amount. Buy Free Spins In the Buy Free Spins feature, guaranteed Free Spins can be purchased at a multiple of the current bet. 3 Free Spins can be purchased for 50X the current bet. When choosing the Buy Free Spins feature, 3 Free Spins symbols are placed on reels 2, 3, and 4. The Buy Free Spins feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Buy Free Spins feature can only be used at any time a bet change can take place. Game Terms Translations The following list is only applicable in a language other than English ELVEN GOLD - ELVEN GOLD SCATTER / SCATTERS - SCATTER / SCATTERS SCATTERS COLLECTED - SCATTERS COLLECTED LAND 12 - LAND 12 COLLECT 12 - COLLECT 12 WIN 15000X - WIN 15000X 40 LINES - 40 LINES RETRIGGERS FREE SPINS - RETRIGGERS FREE SPINS FREE SPINS - FREE SPINS LAST SPIN - LAST SPIN BUY FREE SPINS - BUY FREE SPINS WILD - WILD BIG WIN - BIG WIN MEGA WIN - MEGA WIN EPIC WIN - EPIC WIN JUST FOR THE WIN - JUST FOR THE WIN Game Controls Autoplay settings: Select a number of spins to auto play by selecting a value. Start and stop the Autoplay by pressing the spin button. Balance field: Displays the current account balance. Bet field: Displays the current bet size. Bet settings: Change the bet size by selecting a value. Spin Button: Start the game with the current bet size as displayed in the bet field. Clicking or tapping anywhere on the reels during a spin displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Win field: Displays the pay in a winning round. Some settings and features may not be available in this game Game Menu Advanced settings: Navigate to the Responsible Gaming pages. Advanced settings: Open the Advanced Settings menu. Advanced settings: Turn Quick Spin on or off. Banking: Navigate to the Banking pages. Lobby: Navigate back to the lobby. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Sound settings: Turn sound on or off. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. This value is fixed and does not change. This game has an RTP for different game modes. This game has an RTP of 96.10% without Buy Free Spins. The RTP during the Buy Free Spins feature is 96.32%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays Last modification date: 8/1/2023