All Sports About All Sports All Sports is a five reel, fixed 40 payline slot machine including: Regular symbols Wild symbol Free Spins feature Stacked reels Random Multiplier Game Rules General Press Total Bet or use the arrows at the side of the box to increase or decrease the bet per spin. The total bet is shown at all times and this is what will be debited from your balance for each spin. This game does not use Coins. All payout tables display the winnings that are won for each combination. Winning combinations pay from left to right and amounts are accordingly calculated as a multiplier of the bet per line. Only one regular winning combination is paid out per payline and you are paid out the value of the highest win. If you have a winning combination, the win is highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. If a stack of Cup symbol lands on reel 1, the rest of reels respin, as long as new Cup symbol lands. A full screen of Cup symbols triggers Free Spins. During autoplay, you can click on the 2 triangles on the Spin button to skip any animations on that spin. Malfunction Voids all Pays and Plays. Regular symbols Matching symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. Regular winning combinations pay out from left to right. Wild symbol This symbol substitutes for other symbols, except Cup symbol, to complete wins. If a stack of Wilds lands on reel 3, a random multiplier is applied to the total winnings from the spin. In the base game available multipliers are x2, x3, x4 or x5 and in Free Spins - x3, x5, x7 or x10. Free Spins Feature 8 Free Spins are awarded with a chance to re-trigger. Free Spins can be retriggered the same way as the initial set was triggered. In Free Spins land a stack of the same symbol on reel 1 to activate the Hold and Spin feature. The rest of the reels respin, and any of the same symbol which land stick. This continues as long as the screen is full of 1 symbol type, or no new same symbols land on the reels. A full stack of Wilds on reel 3 awards up to x10 multiplier. The last bet you placed in the game is used as the Free Spins bet amount. Winnings are automatically collected during this feature. If the win from the first set of Free Spins is equal to or less than 10x total bet, 8 additional Free Spins are awarded. Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed and does not change. This game has an RTP of 96.15%. Game Controls Item Description Total Bet Displays your current bet per spin. Click the arrows (up or down) to change the bet amount or click on the amount to select the bet manually. Balance box Displays your Casino balance. Win box Displays your win after a winning spin and winning lines. Last Win box Displays your last win. Spin button Starts the game. Stop button Displays the result of your spin quicker. This does not influence the result of the spin. Autoplay button Opens the Autoplay menu allowing to set up your settings and use Auto Spins feature. Settings button Allows to adjust in-game settings (audio volume, music, turbo spins). Menu button Opens Game information about paylines, payouts, special features and game rules. Game Settings You can change your game play and sound settings. Click Settings. Choose the required settings. Close the window to return to game. Available settings: Audio volume Adjust the volume of in-game audio or turn it off completely. Sound effects Adjust the volume of in-game sound effects or turn them off completely. Music Adjust the volume of in-game music or turn it off completely. Turbo Adjust the speed of the reels. This does not change the result of the spins. Some settings (Turbo) may not be available based on casino and/or country. The maximum win from a single game is 160,000. Last modification date: 1/20/2021