Ariana General In this game all 25 paylines are permanently enabled. You can bet up to 10 coins per payline. Your total bet amount is the number of coins you bet per payline, multiplied by the number of paylines. Regular wins are created when the same symbols appear next to each other on a payline, with one of the symbols displayed on the first slot reel. One regular win is paid per payline. If you have more than one combination, you are paid the win that has the highest value. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. Regular wins are displayed in coins on the pay table. Regular wins are calculated by multiplying the amount on the pay table, by the number of coins you bet per payline. To convert your win amount in coins to credits, multiply the number of coins won by the coin size you bet. Wild symbol Substitutes for other symbols to complete wins. Does not substitute for the scatter symbol. Creates its own win when multiple wild symbols appear next to each other, with one of the symbols displayed on the first slot reel. Creates a full reel symbol stack on reel 1, during the Free Spins bonus game. Regular win rules apply. Scatter symbol Does not need to appear next to each other on a payline to win. Creates a scatter win when two or more appear anywhere on the reels. Activates Free Spins when three or more appear on the reels. Is not substituted by the wild symbol. Scatter wins are displayed as a multiplier value on the pay table. Scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the amount on the pay table by the total number of coins bet. Expanding symbol bonus feature Activates when a full, matching symbol stack of the Ariana Wild symbol, Ariana symbol, Coral symbol, Seadragon symbol or Treasure symbol is displayed on reel 1. A full symbol stack on reel 1 results in all other matching symbols on reels 2 to 5 to expand creating a wild reel. The matching symbols only expand if they complete a winning combination. The wild reel substitutes for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Regular win rules apply. Free spins Spin for free! Activates when three or more scatter symbols appear on the reels. You are awarded 15 free spins. The Ariana Wild symbol and Ariana symbol create a full reel symbol stack on reel 1. A full symbol stack on reel 1 results in all other matching symbols on reels 2 to 5 to expand creating a wild reel. The wild reel substitutes for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Re-activates when three or more scatter symbols appear in a free spin. You are awarded another 15 free spins. These are added to your remaining free spins count. The last bet you placed in the game is used as the free spins bet amount. Paytable Achievements Tracks your win status by highlighting symbol combinations you have won. When you win all combinations for the same symbol it is highlighted. Achievements are permanently highlighted on the paytable, even if you exit the game. Regular game wins are logged as achievements. Wild symbol substitute wins are not logged as achievements. Free spins wins are not logged as achievements. Expanding symbol bonus feature wins are not logged as achievements. AutoPlay AutoPlay enables you to automatically play a set number of consecutive games without interacting with the game. AutoPlay plays with the last bet value you selected, so you must select a bet amount before starting AutoPlay. Each game has different options and AutoPlay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. The number of spins remaining in your AutoPlay session is displayed in the game. To start AutoPlay: Select a bet amount. Tap and hold Spin or tap AutoPlay . In some games this starts the session and it continues until you tap Stop . Select your AutoPlay options. Tap Start AutoPlay or Play . Tap Stop to end AutoPlay. Tapping this button does not influence the results of the spin. AutoPlay Options AutoPlay options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. Number of spins Set the number of spins you want to play. Bet settings Set the bet amount you want to play. Until stop Set the session to play until you select to stop. This does not influence the results of the spin. Win Limit or If win at least Stop the session if the win exceeds or equals the amount selected. Loss Limit or If amount drops by Stop the session if your balance decreases and drops below or equals the amount selected. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Quick spin Quick spin increases the reel spin speed to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. To turn quick spin on in a game: Slide right to Settings . Tap quick spin Off . To disable quick spin, tap quick spin On. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Configure my total bet Your total bet amount is the number of coins bet per payline, multiplied by the number of paylines. Slide right to Settings . Tap Coin Size and select a coin size. Tap Coins Per Line and select the number of coins. Change my bet amount Your total bet amount is the number of coins bet per payline, multiplied by the number of paylines. Tap Bet and select the total number of coins or credits you want to bet per spin. The game you are playing may not have the option to bet in credits. Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed, and does not change. This game has an RTP of 95.48%. Change from coins to credits You can change your balance, bet and win amounts to display in coins or credits. Tap Coins to convert to credits, or tap Credits to convert to coins. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Malfunction voids all pays and plays Last modification date: 9/15/2020