Dolphin Quest About Dolphin Quest Dolphin Quest is a five reel, fifty payline, and two hundred and fifty coin slot machine with: A wild symbol. A wild, scatter symbol. A Dolphin Quest bonus game. Game Payouts Winnings paid out on the slot machine are dependent on the symbols displayed on the payline, once the reels have come to a stop. Regular Payouts All payout tables display the number of coins that are won for each combination. The total number of coins paid out depends on the number of coins you play per payline. Regular payouts depend on your bet per payline. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size bet. For a combination of regular symbols to produce a winning regular combination, the following criteria must be met: The symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. Dolphin Quest Bonus Game Payouts You stop three spinning reels to win bonus win amounts. Three reels are displayed with bonus win amounts. There is one payline across the centre position of the three reels. You win the bonus win amounts displayed on the payline, once the reels have come to a stop. The win amounts displayed in the bonus game are already multiplied by your total bet amount. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. Game Rules Click the links for more information about the game rules. General Rules You can bet up to five coins per payline. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. Wild Symbol Rules The Dolphin Quest Logo symbol is a wild symbol. Does not substitute for the Dolphin Scatter symbol. Creates a wild symbol stack on reels 1, 4 and 5. Creates its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear in a line on an enabled payline. Only one winning combination is paid out per payline. If there is more than one possible winning combination on a payline, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. Wild, Scatter Symbol Rules The Dolphin Scatter symbol is a wild, scatter symbol. Does not substitute for the Dolphin Quest Logo symbol. Does not create its own winning combination. Activates the Dolphin Quest bonus game when three appear anywhere on reels 2, 3 and 4. Only one winning combination is paid out per payline. If there is more than one possible winning combination on a payline, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. Dolphin Quest Bonus Game Rules A Dolphin Scatter symbol scattered on the reels 2, 3 and 4, activate the Dolphin Quest bonus game. You stop three spinning reels to win bonus win amounts. Three reels are displayed with bonus win amounts. There is one payline across the centre position of the three reels. You win the bonus win amounts displayed on the payline, once the reels have come to a stop. The win amounts displayed in the bonus game are already multiplied by your total bet amount. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. Winnings are automatically collected at the end of the bonus game. Bonus game wins are added to regular wins. Betting and Payout Rules Winnings are paid out on the highest combination on each enabled payline only. Bonus game wins are added to regular wins. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. The symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. All payout tables display the number of coins that are won for each combination. The total number of coins paid out depends on the number of coins you play per payline. Regular wins are calculated by taking the number of coins won, multiplied by the number of coins played per payline. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size bet. The formula to calculate the conversion of your coins to credits is: number of coins x coin size played = amount in credits. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. Wild Symbol The Dolphin Quest Logo symbol is a wild symbol. This symbol: Does not substitute for the Dolphin Scatter symbol. Creates a wild symbol stack on reels 1, 4 and 5. Creates its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear in a line on an enabled payline. Wild, Scatter Symbol The Dolphin Scatter symbols is a wild, scatter symbol. This symbol: Does not substitute for the Dolphin Quest Logo symbol. Does not create its own winning combination. Activates the Dolphin Quest bonus game when three appear anywhere on reels 2, 3 and 4. Dolphin Quest Bonus Game A Dolphin Scatter symbol scattered on the reels 2, 3 and 4, activates the Dolphin Quest bonus game. In this game: You stop three spinning reels to win bonus win amounts. Three reels are displayed with bonus win amounts. There is one payline across the centre position of the three reels. You win the bonus win amounts displayed on the payline, once the reels have come to a stop. The win amounts displayed in the bonus game are already multiplied by your total bet amount. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. You win the bonus win amounts displayed on the payline, once the reels have come to a stop. The win amounts displayed in the bonus game are already multiplied by your total bet amount. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. Playing the game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form a winning combination on the payline. The payout is dependent on the winning combination formed. To play: Place a bet. How? Click the Bet button. Click the Coin Size arrows to increase or decrease the coin size you want to bet. Click the Coins arrows to increase or decrease the number of coins you want to bet. You can also click the Bet button arrows to select the number of coins you want to bet. Click the Lines arrows to select the number of paylines you want to play. Click Spin . The reels start spinning. If you have a winning combination lined up on the payline, the win is highlighted on the reels. You are paid out the win amount as displayed in the Win box. Click Win to view the top five wins for your current game session. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. In some slot games the Spin button becomes a Stop button. Click Stop to display your spin results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. AutoPlay, Options and Statistics You can change options and view statistics for games using the Options or Statistics buttons. You can also spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game, using AutoPlay or AutoSpin. In some games AutoPlay is available in Expert mode only. Each game has different options and AutoPlay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. How do I turn on Expert mode? 1. Click Expert . The Expert mode features are activated, such as AutoPlay. How do I use AutoPlay? Select a bet amount. You must select a bet amount before you start the AutoPlay session, as AutoPlay plays with the last bet value. If the game has Expert mode, click Expert . Click AutoPlay . In some games you cannot set the number of spins to play in the AutoPlay session, so clicking this button starts AutoPlay that continues until you click Stop . The Stop button does not influence the results of the spin. In other games this button enables you to choose the number of spins you want to play and your stop options. Once you have configured these options, click Start to begin your AutoPlay session. What options do I have in Autoplay? AutoPlay options differ between games. Your game may not have all of these options. AutoPlay Options Number of spins Set the number of times the slot reels spins during your AutoPlay session. Number of seconds between spins Set the delay between AutoPlay spins. Until stop Continue Autoplay until you click the Stop button. This does not influence the results of the spin. Stop if a win exceeds or equals Stop spins if the number of credits won on any spin exceeds or equals the amount selected. Stop once all spins are complete Stop after playing the number of reel spins selected. Stop when jackpot is won Stop spins if the Jackpot is won. Stop on any win Stop the session if you win on a spin. Stop if credits increase Stop the session if the number of credits increases by the amount by selected. Stop if credits decrease Stop the session if the number of credits decreases by the amount by selected. Stop on a feature Stops if Free Spins or another bonus feature is triggered. Start AutoPlay without showing this dialog Start future sessions without viewing the AutoPlay settings, using your saved settings or the default settings. How do I change game options? Click Options . Choose the required settings. Click OK . What are the options settings? Game options differ between games. Your game may not have all of these options. Quick Spin Increases the speed of the Slot reel spin so your results are displayed quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Quick Spin in Free Spins Increases the speed of the Slot reel spin so your results are displayed quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Switch off Gamble feature Disables the Gamble feature during the Slot game. Allow Gamble Enables the Gamble feature during the Slot game. Sound Settings Displays the sound options. Switch off Cinematic Spins Plays a selection of video clips in the background during reel spins. Graphics Displays the game graphics with basic or enhanced effects. High quality effects Plays the game with or without high quality effects. Hide Respin Cost Shows or hides the respin cost when you position your mouse pointer over a Respin button. Reel Stopping Order Displays the reel stopping order options. Balance, Bet and Win Values Displays these values for the game you are playing, in coins or credits. Enable 3D Stereo Enables you to toggle between 3D mode and Standard mode. Edit Avatar You can add an Avatar image, or edit an existing Avatar image. How do I see game statistics? Statistics only apply to the current game session. When you exit the game, the statistics reset to zero. Click Statistics (%) . View your current Game Play Statistics. Click OK . What statistics can I view? Spin Results Displays the number of spins played during the current game session, the length of your game session, and the average number of spins per hour. Highest Wins Displays the highest three win amounts during the current game session. Last modification date: 11/12/2020