Balls Galore Lightning Drop About this Game Balls Galore Lightning Drop™ is an 11 pocket Plinko game with a bonus wheel. The goal is to drop balls from the top of the board into the prize pockets at the bottom of the board. Landing a ball in a multiplier pocket will pay out an instant win to your balance. Landing a ball in a lightning pocket will charge the lightning bar. Charging the lightning bar to full will activate the bonus wheel and award a Power Up. You can choose to drop up to 60 balls in a single bet using the Ball Batch controls. Bonus Wheel Landing 5 balls in the lightning pockets will charge the lightning bar and activate the bonus wheel. No more balls can be dropped once the lightning bar is charged. The bonus wheel will only activate after all balls are cleared from the field. Once activated, the bonus wheel will spin and select 1 of 5 Power Ups at random. The selected Power Up will play out immediately. It is possible to queue up 2 spins of the bonus wheel. Lightning bar charges are linked to your bet size, changing your bet size will reset or change your lightning bar charges. If you have balls remaining in your Ball Batch, these will continue after the bonus is complete. Power Ups There are 5 different Power Ups, activated by the bonus wheel. Gold Mode activates gold multipliers and drops a free gold ball, allowing you to win up to 1000x. Lightning pockets will be given a multiplier. Double Up doubles all prize pocket multipliers and drops a free ball. Lightning pockets will be given a multiplier. Triple Up triples all prize pocket multipliers and drops a free ball. Lightning pockets will be given a multiplier. Shuffle Up shuffles the position of all prize pocket multipliers and drops a free ball. Lightning pockets will be given a multiplier. Multiball drops 3 free balls in a single drop. Lightning pockets will be given a multiplier. Ball Batch The Ball Batch controls allow you to choose the number of balls to drop in a single bet. You can select up to a maximum of 60 balls to drop. Ball Batch drops count as a single bet. Ball Batch drops cannot be stopped once the bet has been placed. Game Controls Some settings and features may not be available in this game. (+) and (-) Bet buttons: Changes the bet value per ball (+) and (-) Balls buttons: Changes the number of balls dropped in a single bet Bet: Displays the current bet per ball. Balls: Displays the current number of balls to be dropped with the next bet. Information button: Displays details on each Power Up and the Min/Max bet for the game. Balance: Displays your current balance. Win: Displays your latest win. Wins are displayed for each ball as it lands in the pocket. Play button: Starts a round. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Sounds: Switches sound On/Off. Total Bet: Displays the current total bet. Help button: Displays help and additional information. Game Menu Home button: Exits the game. Banking button: Displays the banking page. Sounds: Switches sound On/Off. Free Games Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired, the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. After a player selects a Free Game offer, they may choose how to play their Free Games with each Free Game representing 1 ticket. A Free Games offer is a number of additional game rounds awarded to a player. These can also be done in combination to complete all available Free Games in the Free Game Offer. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. RTP: 96% Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Last modification date: 11/11/2025