3x 2x Fire and Roses Joker About this Game This is a 3 reel, 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Payline Rules This game includes 9 paylines. The number of paylines played is fixed. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the bet multiplier. The bet multiplier is 10. The initial bet is the current total bet pided by 10. Payout Rules Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins resulting from a spin. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Wild Symbols These symbols are Wild symbols. Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wild symbols do not substitute for other Wild symbols. 1x Wild symbols can appear on reels 1 and 3 and can be stacked. 2x Wild symbols and 3x Wild symbols can appear on reel 2. A combination of 2x Wild and 3x Wild symbols can be stacked on the reel as 2x Wild, 3x Wild, 2x Wild. All line wins with one or more 1x Wild symbols on the payline are multiplied 1x. All line wins with a 2x Wild symbol on the payline are multiplied 2x. All line wins with a 3x Wild symbol on the payline are multiplied 3x. Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. All line wins with 3 Wild symbols on the payline, including a 2x Wild symbol award 500x the bet. All line wins with 3 Wild symbols on the payline, including a 3x Wild symbol award 1 000x the bet. Wild symbols can stack and can blackout the reels. Blackouts occur when any Wild symbols fill all the reels. Blackouts award all paylines at the current bet. Jackpot Pick Game All Wild symbols that land on a payline are collected. On each spin, any collected Wild could trigger the feature. Once triggered, 12 items are shown facedown. Each item is associated with 1 of the 4 jackpots. Select an item to reveal its associated jackpot. When 3 matching items are revealed, the corresponding jackpot is awarded and the feature ends. Auto Pick option randomly selects items without player interaction, and can be stopped at any time. Jackpot prizes are scaled by the total bet. The graphical collection pot in the game is purely for visual entertainment and as such does not influence awarding a jackpot. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. Spins are played at the current selected bet. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Triggering any feature will stop Autoplay. This feature is available in base game only. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Game Controls Spin Settings button: Displays additional spin options. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Bet Increase button: Increases the current bet. Bet Decrease button: Decreases the current bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Balance: Displays the current balances. Credits: Displays the current balances. Exit button: Exits the game. Game Menu Menu button: Displays additional game options. Home button: Exits the game. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Help button: Displays help and additional information. Win History button: Displays game win history information. Banking button: Displays the banking page. Close button: Closes the game menu. Lobby button: Exits the game. Return button: Returns to the game. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Spin Button Position button: Repositions spin button location. Bet Settings Bet Amount: Sets the current bet value. Bet Size: Sets the current bet value. Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Min Bet button: Sets the current bet to the minimum value. Max Bet button: Sets the current bet to the maximum value. Game Settings Quickspin: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Left-Handed Mode button: Enables left-handed mode. Music: Enables game music. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. This feature is only available in selected games. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Values are calculated initially by piding the total possible payouts by the total possible outcomes that are available within the game. Values reflect the maximum expected return and do not change. The probability of triggering certain game events may change during gameplay depending on the current game state or progress. Last modification date: 6/5/2025