Hyper Star MultiChase About this Game This is a 6 reel, 5 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Pay Anywhere Rules This game includes 30 symbol positions. A win is awarded when 8+ matching symbols land in any position on the reels. Winning symbols are removed from the reels. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the bet multiplier. The bet multiplier is 10. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by 10. Payout Rules Pay Anywhere win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The total payout is the sum of all Pay Anywhere wins and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Rolling Reels™ Feature Rolling Reels™ can award multiple consecutive wins. This feature can trigger in the base game and Free Spins. This feature triggers after any win. Winning symbols are removed from the reels and the symbols above move into the empty spaces. If new winning combinations are formed, the feature triggers again. The feature continues until no winning combinations are present on the reels. MultiChase™ Rolling Multipliers Symbols with 2x - 100x multipliers may appear on the reels. Multiplier symbols remain on the reels until all Rolling Reels™ conclude for that spin. Multipliers may randomly increase during a spin. In the base game, Multipliers are collected and applied to the total win after Rolling Reels™ conclude. In Free Spins, Multipliers are collected, added to the Free Spins Multiplier, and then applied to the total win after Rolling Reels™ conclude. Free Spins Scatter symbol Scatters can create their own winning combination when landing anywhere on the reels. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Landing 4 or more Scatters triggers 10 Free Spins and a Scatter win. Select anywhere on the screen to initiate the Free Spins feature once awarded. Free Spins can be retriggered. Landing 3 Scatters during the feature awards an additional 5 Free Spins. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Rising Rewards™ Free Spins Multiplier The Free Spins Multiplier is displayed in the Free Spins Multiplier meter. The Free Spins Multiplier increases by 1x when 3 Scatters land on the reels during base game. The maximum Free Spins Multiplier accumulated during the base game is 20x. In Free Spins, any Rolling Multipliers remaining on the reels are collected once all wins are complete. Collected multipliers are added to the Free Spins Multiplier and then applied to the total win for that spin. The Free Spins Multiplier only applies to wins where multipliers have been collected on a spin. The Free Spins Multiplier does not apply to retriggered Scatter wins. The maximum Free Spins Multiplier that can be accrued during Free Spins is unlimited. The Free Spins Multiplier resets to 1x after Free Spins are complete. The Free Spins Multiplier can randomly reset to 2x, 3x, or 4x after Free Spins are complete. Feature Buy Use the Feature Buy to trigger Free Spins. Feature options available are: 10 Free Spins starting with 1x Free Spins Multiplier 10 Free Spins starting with current Free Spins Multiplier Features are purchased at the prices displayed. Free Spins are played at the current bet. This feature is available in the base game only. This feature may not be available above a certain bet threshold. Some of these options may not be available in your location. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. A bet amount must be set before starting the Autoplay session, as Autoplay plays with the last bet value. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Triggering any feature will stop Autoplay. This feature is available in the base game only. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Spin Settings button: Displays additional spin options. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Select anywhere on the reels to stop the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Balance: Displays the current balances. Credits: Displays the current balances. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Bet Decrease button: Decreases the current bet. Bet Increase button: Increases the current bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Spacebar: Pressing this keyboard button starts or stops a spin. This does not influence the result of the spin. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Quickspin button: Disables Quickspin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Exit button: Exits the game. Video button: Displays In-game information. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Game Settings Quickspin: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. All Sounds: Controls all sounds, including game and background sounds. Game Sounds: Controls in-game sounds. (Only enabled if All Sounds is ON.) Background Music: Controls background music. (Only enabled if All Sounds is ON.) Voice Overs: Controls voice sounds. (Only enabled if All Sounds is ON.) Bet Settings Bet Amount: Sets the current bet value. Bet Size: Sets the current bet value. Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Min Bet button: Sets the current bet to the minimum value. Max Bet button: Sets the current bet to the maximum value. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of additional game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired, the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. This feature is only available in selected games. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. RTP - 94.1% Last modification date: 2/24/2026