Diamond King Gold About this Game ´üČ This is a 5 reel 4 row video slot game. ´üČ The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. ´üČ Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Bet Rules ´üČ Each spin played costs a total bet amount. ´üČ The initial bet is the current total bet pided by the way cost of 25. ´üČ The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the ways played. Way Rules ´üČ This game includes 1024 ways. ´üČ A way is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs across the reels. ´üČ A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other in this pattern. ´üČ Way wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Payout Rules ´üČ Way win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. ´üČ The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. ´üČ The total payout is the sum of all way wins resulting from a spin. ´üČ If multiple winning combinations land on a single way, only the highest win is awarded. ´üČ Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. ´üČ The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Game Controls ´üČ Spin button: Starts a reel spin. ´üČ Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. ´üČ A click or tap on the reels stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. ´üČ Spin Settings button: Displays additional spin options. ´üČ Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. ´üČ Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. ´üČ Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. ´üČ Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. ´üČ Bet Increase button: Increases the current bet. ´üČ Bet Decrease button: Decreases the current bet. ´üČ Bet: Displays the current total bet. ´üČ Win: Displays the most recent win. ´üČ Credits: Displays the current balances. ´üČ Jackpot Feature Autoplay button: Automatically selects icons in the Jackpot Feature. This does not influence the results of the feature. ´üČ Buy Feature button: Displays the option to purchase Free Spins. Game Menu ´üČ Menu button: Displays additional game options. ´üČ Home button: Exits the game. ´üČ Banking button: Displays the banking page. ´üČ Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. ´üČ Sounds: Enables game sounds. Autoplay ´üČ This feature is available in base game only. ´üČ Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. ´üČ Spins are played at the current selected bet. ´üČ The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. ´üČ Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. ´üČ Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. ´üČ Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. ´üČ Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. ´üČ Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Additional Information ´üČ Some settings and features may not be available in this game. ´üČ Malfunction voids all pays and plays. ´üČ Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. ´üČ In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. ´üČ The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. ´üČ The results of the last game played are displayed. ´üČ If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. ´üČ Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Wild Symbols ´üČ Diamond symbols are Wild symbols. ´üČ Diamond symbols can substitute for all symbols except Bonus symbols. ´üČ This symbol appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. Power RangeÔäó Feature ´üČ The Power RangeÔäó covers a portion of the reel array. ´üČ If a Wild lands inside the Power RangeÔäó a multiplier is added to the Wild. ´üČ Multipliers are multiplied to each other and applied to all ways wins. ´üČ During the Base Game the Power RangeÔäó covers the center two positions on each of reels 2, 3 and 4. ´üČ During the Base Game all Wilds that land within the Power RangeÔäó are given a multiplier of 2X. ´üČ During Free Spins the Power RangeÔäó covers all of reels 2, 3 and 4. ´üČ During Free Spins all Wilds that land within the Power RangeÔäó are randomly given a multiplier of 2X, 3X or 5X. Roar Feature ´üČ The Roar Feature can randomly occur during any Base Game spin. ´üČ When triggered, the Power RangeÔäó expands to fully cover reels 2, 3 and 4. ´üČ Wilds that land in the expanded Power RangeÔäó award a 2x, 3x or 5x multiplier. Jackpot Feature ´üČ Matching 3 icons awards the respective Jackpot value. ´üČ This feature is triggered when the diamond meter is filled. ´üČ If a Wild lands on screen during the Base Game it contributes to the diamond meter. ´üČ If a Wild lands in the Power RangeÔäó, the contribution is multiplied by its displayed multiplier. ´üČ The progress of the diamond meter scales with bet. ´üČ If the value collected would fill the diamond meter multiple times, the Jackpot prizes are multiplied accordingly and the game is played once. ´üČ Changing bet does not affect the RTP of the game. ´üČ If this feature and Free Spins trigger simultaneously, this feature plays out first. ´üČ This feature can trigger in the Base Game only. ´üČ Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Free Spins ´üČ 3, 4 or 5 Bonus symbols anywhere on the reels trigger this feature. ´üČ 10, 15 or 20 Free Spins are awarded respectively. ´üČ 2, 3, 4 or 5 Bonus symbols anywhere on the reels retrigger Free Spins. ´üČ 5, 10, 15 or 20 additional Free Spins are awarded respectively. ´üČ During the Free Spins, collect Gold Lions to upgrade Elephant, Rhino, Zepa and Meerkats symbols into Lion symbols for the remaining Free Spins. ´üČ All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. ´üČ All ways played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. ´üČ Free Spins play out automatically. ´üČ Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Buy Feature ´üČ The Buy Feature awards 1 spin on either the Green Wheel, Blue Wheel or Red Wheel. ´üČ Each wheel awards Free Spins and Gold Lions. ´üČ 1 spin on the Green Wheel costs 100X total bet, and awards 10-20 Free Spins and 1- 4 Gold Lions. ´üČ 1 spin on the Blue Wheel costs 200X total bet, and awards 15-25 Free Spins and 2-6 Gold Lions. ´üČ 1 spin on the Red Wheel costs 500X total bet, and awards 20-35 Free Spins and 4-8 Gold Lions. ´üČ The Buy Feature may not be available above a certain bet threshold. ´üČ This feature may not be available in this game. Return to Player ´üČ The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. ´üČ Values are calculated initially by piding the total possible payouts by the total possible outcomes that are available within the game. ´üČ Values reflect the maximum expected return and do not change. ´üČ Overall RTP: 94.23%. ´üČ The RTP during the Buy Feature feature is 94.23%. Last modification date: 9/13/2022