High Society General In this game all 25 paylines are permanently enabled. You can bet up to 20 coins per payline. Your total bet amount is the number of coins you bet per payline, multiplied by the number of paylines. Regular wins are created when the same symbols appear next to each other on a payline, with one of the symbols displayed on the first slot reel. One regular win is paid per payline. If you have more than one combination, you are paid the win that has the highest value. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. Regular wins are displayed in coins on the pay table. Regular wins are calculated by multiplying the amount on the pay table, by the number of coins you bet per payline. To convert your win amount in coins to credits, multiply the number of coins won by the coin size you bet. Wild Symbol Substitutes for other symbols to complete wins. Only appears on reels 1 and 5 in the regular game. Only appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 in Free Spins with Super Multiplier. Does not substitute for the scatter symbol. Does not create its own win when multiple wild symbols appear next to each other on a payline. Regular win rules apply. Scatter Symbol Does not need to appear next to each other on a payline to win. Creates a scatter win when two or more appear anywhere on the reels. Is not substituted by the wild symbol. Activates free spins when three or more appear on the reels. Scatter wins are displayed as a multiplier value on the pay table. Scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the amount on the pay table by the total number of coins bet. - Free spins Spin for free! Activates when three or more scatter symbols appear on the reels. The last bet you placed in the game is used as the free spins bet amount. You can choose between two bonus games: Free Spins with Super Multiplier Free Spins with Super Wild Reels Free Spins with Super Multiplier Spin for free! You are awarded 10 free spins. You can win up to a 10x multiplier value. The number of symbols that activated the bonus game determines the multiplier value you win. One scatter symbol displayed on reel 1 or 5 increases the multiplier value. Wins are multiplied by the current multiplier value. Re-activates when scatter symbols appear on reels 1 and 5 in a free spin. The multiplier does not increase. You are awarded another 10 free spins. The wild symbol appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 in the bonus game. The last bet you placed in the game is used as the free spins bet amount. Free Spins with Super Wild Reels Spin for free! You are awarded up to 20 free spins. The number of symbols that activated the bonus game indicates the number of free spins you win. On each spin, reel 2, 3 or 4 randomly turns into a wild reel. One scatter symbol displayed on reel 1 or 5 turns the reel into a wild reel. Re-activates when scatter symbols appear on reels 1 and 5 in a free spin. You are awarded another 10 free spins. The last bet you placed in the game is used as the free spins bet amount. Quick spin Quick spin increases the reel spin speed to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. To turn quick spin on in a game: Slide right to Settings . Tap quick spin Off . To disable quick spin, tap quick spin On . This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Configure my total bet Your total bet amount is the number of coins you bet per payline, multiplied by the number of paylines. Slide right to Settings . Tap Coin Size and select a coin size. Tap Coins Per Line and select the number of coins. Change my bet amount Your total bet amount is the number of coins you bet per payline, multiplied by the number of paylines. Tap Bet and select the total number of coins or credits you want to bet per spin. The game you are playing may not have the option to bet in credits. Change from coins to credits You can change your balance, bet and win amounts to display in coins or credits. Tap Coins to convert to credits, or tap Credits to convert to coins. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 12/4/2020