Robins Heroes About this Game Welcome to Robin's Heroes. This is a 6 reel, 4-5-5-5-5-4 row video slot game. This game has 10000 Ways. It features Wild Split™, Cash Collect, Free Spins, and Cash Grab. General Way pays if in succession on adjacent reels, from the leftmost position to the rightmost position according to the PAYTABLE. Only the highest win per Way is paid. Simultaneous wins on different Ways are added. Money symbols exist on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 in the base game and in the Cash Grab feature. Each Money symbol has a multiplier value on the bet. Money symbols only pay out in the Cash Collect feature and the Cash Grab feature. Free Spins symbols only appear on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 in the base game and in the Free Spins feature. Free Spins, Cash Collect, or Cash Grab cannot trigger in the same spin. The maximum cumulative total win in the base game and all features is capped at 5000x bet. When the cap is reached the feature ends. Wild symbols Wild symbols appear only in base game and the Free Spins feature. Wild symbols substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a Way according to the PAYTABLE. Wild symbols appear on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5 only. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except Free Spins symbols, money symbols, and Wild Split™ symbols. Wild Split™ Wild Split™ symbols appear only in base game and Free Spins. Wild Split™ symbols appear on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5 only. When a Wild Split™ symbol lands the Wild Split™ feature will split the symbol into 2 to 5 Wild symbols. Wild Split™ symbols will increase the number of Ways. Cash Collect The Cash Collect feature can only be triggered in base game. Landing 3, 4 or 5 Money symbols anywhere on the reels can trigger the Cash Collect feature. The Cash Collect feature will award the total value of all Money symbols instantly to the player. Free Spins In the base game, landing 3, or 4 Free Spins symbols triggers the Free Spins. Each Free Spins symbol that triggered the feature will award up to 5 Free Spins. The sum of the awarded Free Spins from each Free Spins symbol will be the total amount of Free Spins awarded. If 3 Free Spins symbols land in the base game, between 7-15 Free Spins will be awarded. If 4 Free Spins symbols land in the base game, between 10-20 Free Spins will be awarded. In Free Spins, landing 2, 3, or 4 Free Spins symbols award an additional 2, 4, or 7 Free Spins, respectively. In Free Spins all Wild symbols on the reels are replaced with Wild Split™ symbols. The last bet placed in the game is used as the Free Spins bet amount. Winnings are automatically collected during Free Spins. It is not possible to trigger Cash Grab feature within Free Spins Cash Grab Landing 6 or more Money symbols anywhere in the base game triggers the Cash Grab feature. The feature awards 3 respins. Any symbol that land will remain in place and the respin counter resets to 3. The triggering Money symbols from the base game will remain in place at the start of the feature. The Hero symbols only appear in the Cash Grab feature. The available Hero symbols are Adder, Doubler and Collector. The Hero symbols have a multiplier value on the bet. The possible multiplier values when symbols land are 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 8x, 10x, 15x, 20x current bet. Only Money symbols and blank spaces appear on columns 2 to 5. Only Hero symbols and blank spaces appear on columns 1 and 6. All Hero symbols have a symbol counter. The symbol counter holds 4 slots for the Adder symbol and the Doubler symbol, and 5 slots for Collector symbol. All symbol counters fill up one slot on each spin. When the symbol counter is full and the spin is complete, the Hero symbol will activate and the symbol counter is then reset to zero.Hero symbols can activate multiple times during the feature. All activated Hero symbols will play out in order from top to bottom on column 1 first, and top to bottom on column 6 last. Upon activation, the Adder feature will take the value of the activated Adder symbol and add this value to 3-6 other symbol values. Upon activation, the Doubler feature will double 3-6 other symbol values. Upon activation, the Collector feature will sum together the values of all other symbols and add that sum to the activated Collector symbol. The Cash Grab feature ends when there are no more respins. Ways wins, if any in the base game, are paid out before the feature begins. The last bet you placed in the game is used as the feature bet amount. It is not possible to trigger Free Spins within the Cash Grab feature. When the Cash Grab feature ends, the total multiplier value is multiplied with the current bet and paid out to the player. Buy Feature Guaranteed Cash Grab features can be purchased at a multiple of the current bet. There are three options, Cash Grab, Cash Grab +2 Hero symbols and Cash Grab +4 Hero symbols. Cash Grab can be purchased for 53x the current bet. Cash Grab +2 Hero symbols can be purchased for 119x the current bet. Cash Grab +4 Hero symbols can be purchased for 209x the current bet. When purchasing a feature, 6 Money symbols are awarded. Buy Feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Buy Feature can only be used at any time a bet change can take place. Game Terms Translations The following list is only applicable in a language other than English ROBIN'S HEROES - ROBIN’S HEROES WAY/WAYS - WAY/WAYS FREE SPINS - FREE SPINS CASH COLLECT - CASH COLLECT WILD/WILDS - WILD/WILDS WILD SPLIT™ - WILD SPLIT™ CASH GRAB - CASH GRAB ADDER - ADDER DOUBLER - DOUBLER COLLECTOR - COLLECTOR BUY FEATURE - BUY FEATURE BIG WIN - BIG WIN MEGA WIN - MEGA WIN EPIC WIN - EPIC WIN JUST FOR THE WIN - JUST FOR THE WIN Game Controls Spin button: Start the game with the current bet size as displayed in the bet field. Pressing anywhere on the reels or the Spin button during a spin displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Balance field: Displays the current account balance. Bet field: Displays the current bet size. Total and Win field: Displays the pay in a winning round. Autoplay button: Select a number of spins to auto play by selecting a value. Start and stop the Autoplay by pressing the spin button. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Game Menu Menu button: Displays additional game options. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Banking button: Navigate to the Banking pages. Lobby button: Navigate back to the lobby. Autoplay button: Select a number of spins to auto play by selecting a value. Start and stop the Autoplay by pressing the spin button. Sound button: Turn sound on or off. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Additional Information Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 8/23/2023