Gold Collector Diamond Edition About this Game l This is a 5 reel 4 row video slot game. l The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. l Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Payline Rules l This game includes 50 paylines. l The number of paylines played is fixed. l A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. l A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. l Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Bet Rules l Each spin played costs a total bet amount. l The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the payline cost of 10. Payout Rules l Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. l The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. l The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. l The total payout is the sum of all payline wins resulting from a spin. l If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. l The win over value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. Wild Symbols l Wild symbols appear on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. l Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. l Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Scatters, Diamond and Coin symbols. l This symbol does not have a payout. Scatter Symbols l Scatter symbols appear on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. l This symbol does not have a payout. l Scatter symbols do not appear during Free Spins. Prizes in Free Spins and Link ™ Feature l Each reel includes a jackpot above it. l Reel 1 awards the Mini Jackpot, this jackpot awards 10x total bet. l Reel 2 awards the Minor Jackpot, this jackpot awards 20x total bet. l Reel 3 awards the Maxi Jackpot, this jackpot awards 50x total bet. l Reel 4 awards the Major Jackpot, this jackpot awards 100x total bet. l Reel 5 awards the Grand Jackpot, this jackpot awards 1000x total bet. l The Diamond Jackpot awards 5000x total bet. l Each Coin symbol is allocated a random multiplier value. l The multiplier values allocated are 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x and 5x. l Each Diamond symbol is allocated a random multiplier value. l The multiplier values allocated are 6x, 7x, 8x, 10x, 12x, 15x and 20x. l Only 1 Diamond symbol can land per reel. l The multiplier values are multiplied by total bet. Link ™ Feature l The feature can trigger only in the base game. l The feature awards cash prizes. l 3 or more Coin or Diamond symbols anywhere on the reels trigger this feature. l 3 free respins are awarded for each reel. l Each reel has an individual spin counter. l Only Coin symbols, Diamond symbols and blank reel symbol spaces appear on the reels. l Triggering symbols are held in place while all other symbol positions respin. l Any additional Coin or Diamond symbols that land are held. l When Coin symbol lands on the reels, the spin counter of that reel is reset to 3. l When Diamond symbol lands anywhere on the reels, all spin counters are reset to 3. l The feature ends when no respins remain on any reel or when all reels are filled with Coin or Diamond symbols. l All Coin and Diamond prizes are awarded at the end of the feature. l Reel's jackpot is awarded in addition to other prizes when all positions on that reel are filled with Coin or Diamond symbols. l Diamond symbols on every reel award the Diamond Jackpot. Free Spins l 3 Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels trigger this feature. l 10 Free Spins are awarded. l Free Spins play out automatically. l 1 Diamond symbol awards 1 additional Free Spin. l In the beginning of the feature, each position has a rock as a background. l When a Dynamite symbol lands on a position with a rock, it will explode and reveal Diamond symbol or cash prize. l When a Dynamite symbol lands on a position where the rock has been exploded already, it may reveal Plunger symbol. l When Plunger symbol appears, it explodes 2-5 more rocks revealing Diamond symbols or cash prizes. l When all positions on a reel have exploded, the reel's jackpot is awarded. l Diamond jackpot is awarded when 5 Diamond symbols have been collected during the feature. l Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. l All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. l All lines played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Translation of Game Terms l MINI, Mini Jackpot - Mini jackpot. l MINOR, Minor Jackpot - Minor jackpot. l MAXI, Maxi Jackpot - Maxi jackpot. l MAJOR, Major Jackpot - Major jackpot. l GRAND, Grand Jackpot - Grand jackpot. l DIAMOND, Diamond Jackpot - Diamond jackpot. Bet Settings l Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. l Bet Amount: Sets the current bet value. Game Controls l Spin button: Starts a reel spin. l Pressing the Spin button during the current spin stops the reels quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. l Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. l Pressing the Spin button during AutoPlay ends the current Autoplay session. l Balance: Displays the current balances. l Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. l Bet: Displays the current total bet. l Win: Displays the most recent win. l Home button: Exits the game. l Menu button: Displays additional game options. Additional Information l Some settings and features may not be available in this game. l Malfunction voids all pays and plays. l In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. l The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. l The results of the last game played are displayed. l If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. l Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. l Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. Return to Player l The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. l This value is fixed and does not change. l This game has an RTP of 94.25%. Last modification date: 4/12/2022