Rock Paper Scissors About this Game Choose rock, paper, or scissors to start your game and try to beat the opponent. Opponents hands are chosen at random. Rock beats Scissors. Paper beats Rock. Scissors beats Paper. If you tie with your opponent, your bet is returned. Payout Details The Payout Details for each game are displayed in a banner at the top of the game. The Payout on Win displays the amount you will win if your current game is successful. The Payout on Win amount will update automatically when the bet amount is changed. Autoplay Autoplay can be activated using the Autoplay Enable button on the console. You can choose Rock, Paper, or Scissors. You can select the number of games you want to play. You can then start Autoplay. Autoplay can be stopped at any time. Autoplay allows a selected number of rounds to play out automatically. The number of games remaining in your Autoplay session is displayed. Autoplay rounds are played at the current selected bet. Autoplay ends when the selected number of rounds have played out. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Game Menu Home button: Exits the game. Banking button: Displays the banking page. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Music: Switches music On/Off. Information button: Displays game information. Sounds: Switches sound On/Off. Game Controls Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Autoplay button: Enables Autoplay. Bet button: Opens the bet menu to adjust your bet value. Rock button: Begins a round with Rock. Paper button: Begins a round with Paper. Scissors button: Begins a round with Scissors. Win: Displays your latest win. Bet: Displays the current bet. Balance: Displays your current balance. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Help button: Displays help and additional information. History bar: Displays a tally of the player's wins, draws, and losses of the last 8 games, showing your selected hand for each round. Free Games Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. After a player selects a Free Game offer, they may choose how to play their Free Games with each Free Game representing 1 game. A Free Games offer is a number of free game rounds awarded to a player. These can also be done in combination to complete all available Free Games in the Free Game Offer. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Last modification date: 5/7/2025