Royal League Spin City Lux About this Game ´üČ This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. ´üČ The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. ´üČ Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Payline Rules ´üČ This game includes 20 paylines. ´üČ The number of paylines played is fixed. ´üČ A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. ´üČ A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. ´üČ Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Bet Rules ´üČ Each spin played costs a bet amount. ´üČ The total bet is based on the initial bet placed on each payline played. ´üČ The initial bet is the current bet pided by the number of paylines played. Payout Rules ´üČ Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. ´üČ The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. ´üČ If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. ´üČ Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. ´üČ The total payout is the sum of all payline wins and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. ´üČ The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. ´üČ The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. ´üČ The Paytable displays the payouts in a player's currency. Wild Symbols ´üČ Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. ´üČ Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Scatter and Bonus symbols. Scatter Symbols ´üČ At the beginning of the game, the Scatter character can be chosen. ´üČ The Scatter character can be changed at any time during the base game. ´üČ There can be only one Scatter character activated at a time. ´üČ During features, the Scatter character remains the same as the one in the triggering spin and cannot be changed. ´üČ When the Scatter symbol lands on the reels it initially displays the main original appearance of the symbol with all characters visible. ´üČ After landing, the main symbol transitions to the chosen Scatter character. ´üČ Game history (playcheck) will only show the main original Scatter. ´üČ Scatters can create their own winning combination when landing anywhere on the reels. ´üČ The Scatter payout is the same regardless of the chosen character. ´üČ Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. ´üČ Scatter symbol Bonus Feature ´üČ Bonus symbols anywhere on reels 1 and 5 trigger this feature. ´üČ 1 of 4 cars can be selected. ´üČ The chosen car can reveal 5, 7, 8 or 12 Free Spins. ´üČ 1 of 4 items can be selected. ´üČ The chosen item can reveal a x2, x3, x5 or x10 Free Spins multiplier. ´üČ At the end of this feature, Free Spins start automatically. ´üČ This feature can trigger in the base game only. Free Spins ´üČ Each Bonus symbol that lands awards an extra Free Spin. ´üČ Additional Free Spins are added to the remaining Free Spins. ´üČ Additional Free Spins use the same initial multiplier. ´üČ Free Spins can be retriggered infinitely. ´üČ Free Spins play out automatically. ´üČ All Free Spins wins are multiplied by the triggering multiplier. ´üČ Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. ´üČ All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. ´üČ All lines played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Royal League Feature ´üČ The feature can trigger randomly on any base game spin. ´üČ The feature is played on a grid with 49 tiles. ´üČ There are 4 tile colours which correspond to a specific prize. ´üČ The feature has 2 dice - Direction die and Steps die. ´üČ Based on the result of the Direction die a direction is chosen. ´üČ Based on the result of the Steps die steps to make are chosen. ´üČ Based on the colour of the tile there is different probability for collect to appear on the Direction die. ´üČ The feature ends when collect lands on a die. ´üČ The player wins a prize according to the tile colour that was collected. ´üČ Wins awarded during the feature are added to the base game. ´üČ The feature can trigger in the base game only. Game Controls Item Description Bet button Displays the chip sizes available in the game. Select the chip size you want to bet. You can also increase your bet by clicking the chip pile on the table. The chip pile increases by the chip size currently selected. Clear Bets Removes all bets from the table. Undo Cancels your last change to the bets placed on the table. Rebet Places the same number of chips as your previous game. Double Doubles your current bet. Spin Starts the game. button Displays a menu of general system and game options. For example, in Settings you have the option to enable Slow Motion mode. This mode displays a slow-motion replay video of your results. This does not influence the results of the spin. Statistics Click Statistics to view information about your last 100 spins. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Favourites Use the favourites feature to create and easily place your favourite bets on the table. You can also use the special bets feature to quickly place Call bets. Tell me more about Favourites. Tell me more about Special Bets. Each game has different options and AutoPlay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. Additional Information ´üČ Some settings and features may not be available in this game. ´üČ Malfunction voids all pays and plays. ´üČ In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. ´üČ The results of the last game played are displayed. ´üČ The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. ´üČ If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. ´üČ Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. ´üČ Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. Return to Player ´üČ The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. ´üČ This value is fixed and does not change. ´üČ This game has an RTP of 96.90%. Glossary ´üČ BIG WIN - BIG WIN ´üČ FREE SPINS - FREE SPINS ´üČ GLOSSARY - GLOSSARY ´üČ HUGE WIN - HUGE WIN ´üČ MULTIPLIER - MULTIPLIER ´üČ ROYAL LEAGUE - ROYAL LEAGUE ´üČ SCATTER - SCATTER ´üČ SPIN CITY LUX - SPIN CITY LUX ´üČ TOTAL WIN - TOTAL WIN ´üČ UP TO - UP TO ´üČ WILD - WILD Last modification date: 4/13/2022