Sisters of Oz Wowpot Wild Symbol The Wild symbol is both a wild symbol and a scatter symbol. The Wild symbol can substitute for all symbols except the Progressive Trigger. Scatter Symbol 3, 4, or 5 scatters award 2, 10, or 100 times bet, respectively. Scatters pay in any position. Scatter symbol wins are added to line wins. In the event of a Scatter symbol win and a line win, both wins are paid out, as the Scatter symbol does not need to appear on a payline to win. 3, 4, or 5 scatters trigger 5, 7, or 10 free spins, respectively. Free Spins A Jumbo Block appears on every free spin. Line wins are multiplied by x2 in Free Spins. This multiplier does not apply to progressive jackpot wins. The Progressive Wheel can be triggered in Free Spins. The Progressive Wheel can be triggered at most once per wager. Scatters and Progressive Trigger symbols can appear on reels 1 and 5. 2 scatters award an extra 3 free spins. Free Spins cannot be retriggered with more than 2 scatters. All bets during Free Spins are the same as the triggering spin. Progressive Wheel Progressive Trigger symbols may appear over some symbols. Collecting Progressive Trigger symbols grants a chance of triggering a spin of the Progressive Wheel. Only the Progressive Trigger symbols collected on the current spin contribute to the chance of triggering a progressive jackpot. The chance of triggering scales with bet. The graphical collection pot in the game is purely for visual entertainment and as such does not influence awarding a progressive jackpot. If you activate the Progressive Wheel and the Free Spins feature, the Progressive Wheel activates first. Then the Free Spins feature activates. Wins from both are then added to your winnings. The Progressive Wheel awards 1 of 4 guaranteed progressive jackpots. A progressive jackpot is a constantly accumulating prize funded by a percentage of player wagers. If a progressive value increases above its average win, a fire animation will display over the progressive's respective meter. The Progressive Wheel consists of a wheel divided into coloured segments. Each segment is associated with a progressive jackpot. Depending on where the wheel stops, one of the progressive jackpots will be awarded. Progressive jackpots are only available to real players. When a progressive jackpot is won, all players worldwide are notified and the progressive jackpot resets. The WowPot™ progressive jackpot resets to 2 000 000 credits. The Major progressive jackpot resets to 50 000 credits. The Minor progressive jackpot resets to 100 credits. The Mini progressive jackpot resets to 10 credits. The current values of the progressive jackpots are displayed in the game. The casino has taken every possible precaution to ensure that the values displayed in the game match the values on the casino server. The values are reviewed and increased periodically. The values on the server are used when you are paid out. All progressive jackpot wins are independent of the bet. Only a single spin of the Progressive Wheel may be awarded per wager. All progressive jackpot wins are subject to final confirmation by the casino and the software supplier. Their decision is final and no correspondence will be entered into. The casino management and software supplier have the right to change or amend any of these rules and regulations at their discretion. If the casino management and software supplier waiver any of these rules and regulations, this does not mean they will automatically be waived in the future. Jumbo Blocks Symbols are stacked on the reels. Symbol stacks can combine on the 3 centre reels to form Jumbo Blocks. A full Jumbo Block spans 3 x 4 positions. Line Payouts Winnings paid out for a payline are dependent on the symbols displayed on the payline, once the reels have come to a stop. Line wins are calculated by multiplying the line combination payout by the line bet. The line bet is total bet divided by 20. The symbols must be next to each other on a payline to produce a winning line combination. Payline winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, a winning payline combination must start with the leftmost payline position and continue on adjacent positions on the payline. Line wins are paid out only on the highest paying combination on each line. At most 1 winning combination is paid out per payline. Only the available lines can produce a winning line combination. You are paid the total of all payline wins that land on a spin. Game Payouts Winnings paid out on the slot machine are dependent on the symbols displayed in the reel area, once the reels have come to a stop. All payout tables display the number of credits that are won for each winning combination. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Icons Autoplay Main Menu Return Decrement Increment Bet Quick Spin Mute / Unmute Responsible Gaming Player Protection Loyalty Game History Transaction History Banking Settings Paytable / Information Help Files Lobby Discard Some of these options may not be available in your location. Playing the Game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form winning combinations. The payout is dependent on the winning combinations formed. Your balance is displayed in credits and is available in the console bar. Select your bet on a mobile device by tapping the Bet icon or the Bet area. Select your bet in desktop through the Main Menu or on the console bar. Click or tap the spin button to spin the reels. Select the stop button to stop the current reel spin. This can also be done by clicking or tapping the reels. This does not influence the results of the spin. If enabled in Settings, you may press spacebar to spin or stop. Once the reels stop, wins are highlighted if you have a winning combination. You are paid out the win amount as displayed in the win box. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is completed and you can play again. Bet Selection Select your bet on a mobile device by tapping Bet in the console bar or by tapping the Bet icon. Select your bet in desktop with the Increment and Decrement icons on the console bar. You can also select your bet from the Main Menu using the Bet icon, or by clicking the bet area. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. This value is fixed and does not change. This game has a progressive jackpot. The progressive jackpot is funded by a percentage of player wagers. The progressive jackpot contribution is 5.30%. This game has an RTP of 92.00%. Settings The Settings panel provides access to multiple game settings. Some settings may not be available in your location. To access the Settings panel, open the Main Menu and select the Settings icon. You can choose which settings to turn on or off. Intro Screen setting displays the intro screen at startup. Show Tutorial at Startup setting displays the tutorial on launching the game. Quick Spin setting increases the speed of the slot reel spin. All Sounds setting controls all sounds, including game and background sounds. Game Sounds setting controls console and spin sounds, as well as sounds for winning combinations and sequences. (Only enabled if All Sounds is ON.) Background Music setting controls background music. (Only enabled if All Sounds is ON.) Spacebar to Spin setting allows you to spin the reels using your computer's spacebar. The maximum win from a single game is €216.000 . Last modification date: 11/18/2020