The Great Albini About The Great Albini is a video slot played on a 5x3 grid and 25 paylines oriented from left to right. The slot features a Wild symbol, Mystery Box Respin and Free Spins with Lily feature. Playing the Game The game is played on a 5x3 grid and 25 paylines in base game and 5x6 grid and 50 paylines in Free Spins game. The bet level is set using the bet selector. Through setting bets and clicking on the Spin button, the player needs to get symbols to match from left to right on a slot machine. Winning will be awarded according to the paytable. All winning combinations are left to right on a pay line. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. Only the highest winning combination is paid per line. The sum of win amounts from all valid pay lines is immediately credited to the balance. The Mystery Box Respin is activated when a stack of Mystery Box symbols lands covering the entire middle reel in the base game. Landing the Free Spins symbol on reels 2, 3 and 4 activates 12 Free Spins. When the Lily Wild symbol lands on reels 2, 3 or 4 and covers the entire reel, the Lily feature is activated. The Mystery Box Respin and Free Spins with Lily feature are played with the same bet as the spin that triggered it. Payouts The game is played on a 5x3 grid and 25 paylines in base game. The game is played on a 5x6 grid and 50 paylines in Free Spins. Winning will be awarded according to the paytable. All winning combinations are left to right on a payline. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. Only the highest winning combination is paid per line. The sum of win amounts from all valid pay lines is immediately credited to the balance. Refresh Refresh displays the results of the last game played when you return to that game. Refresh does the following if you are disconnected from the casino server or Internet: If your computer is disconnected before the results of the last game are displayed, then the amount you won or lost, your credit balance, and the final game state is displayed when you return to the game. If your computer is disconnected while a game is in progress and you can still make decisions in the game, you are able to complete that game when you return to it. If the request to play a new game does not reach the casino server before you are disconnected, the results of the previous game are displayed when you return to the game. Wild The Wild symbol appears on reels 2-5. The Wild symbol can substitute for any symbol except the Mystery Box, Free Spins and Lily Wild symbols. Mystery Box Respin The Mystery Box Respin activates when a full stack of Mystery Box symbols lands on the middle reel. 3 respins are awarded with all Mystery Box symbols locked in place. Any additional Mystery Box symbols that land are locked in place until the end of the feature. Whenever 1 or more Mystery Box symbols land, the number of remaining respins will be set back to 3. The respin will continue until no new Mystery Box symbols land, or the whole reel area is filled with Mystery symbols. Once the respin is complete, Mystery Boxes symbols will reveal. The Mystery Box symbols are all replaced with a random symbol and any line wins are paid out. Mystery Symbols can reveal any symbol except Wild and Free Spins symbols. Mystery Box Respin is played with the same bet as the spin that triggered it. Free Spins Free Spins are played on a 5x6 grid and 50 paylines. Landing the Free Spins symbol on reels 2, 3 and 4 activates 12 Free Spins. The Free Spins symbol is a symbol block of 3x3 symbols. The Free Spins symbol always lands fully covering the reels. Free Spins continue until no free spins remain. During the Free Spins game, the Lily feature could be triggered. Additional Free Spins cannot be won during Free Spins. No Mystery Box symbols appear during the Free Spins. Free Spins are played with the same bet as the spin that triggered it. Lily feature When the Lily Wild symbol lands on reels 2, 3 or 4 and covers the entire reel, the Lily feature is activated. All wins are multiplied 2x. The Lily Wild symbol behaves the same as standard Wild. The Lily Wild symbol is locked during the respin. The Lily Wild symbol awards respins. Only one Lily Wild symbol may appear on reels simultaneously. The respins continue until a non-winning spin occurs. The number of Free Spins remaining does not drop during the respin feature. Bonus Box feature The Bonus Box can instantly trigger Free Spins with the Lily feature. Select 8, 10, or 12 spins to buy. The feature will function the same as Free Spins activated with Free Spins symbols. Feature price: 8 Free Spins – 100 times bet 10 Free Spins – 125 times bet 12 Free Spins – 150 times bet Autoplay You can play without having to press the spin button every time. Set Autoplay settings by pressing the Autoplay button. You can choose the number of spins to play, as well as loss and win limits. The loss limit prevents you from losing more than the set limit during an Autoplay session. The single win limit stops Autoplay when the win reaches the set limit. Autoplay will be stopped automatically when the feature is triggered. Autoplay Options Number of spins Set the number of times the slot reels spin during your Autoplay session. Custom settings: Loss limit Stop the session if the number of credits decreases past the amount selected. Custom settings: Single win limit Stop spins if the number of credits won on any spin exceeds or equals the amount selected. Click Autoplay . This button enables you to choose the number of spins you want to play and your stop options. Once you have configured these options, click the Start Autoplay button to begin your Autoplay session. Game Controls Menu: Toggles the menu display. Audio: Mute / Un-mute game sounds. Volume setup available in the menu. Win: Displays the win for the current or previous win payout round. Balance: Displays your account balance. Bet: Change your bet size in the menu. Clicking on the bet field toggles the menu display. You can play without having to press the spin button every time. Set Autoplay settings by pressing the Autoplay button. You can choose the number of spins to play, as well as loss and win limits. The loss limit prevents you from losing more than the set limit during an Autoplay session. The single win limit stops Autoplay when the win reaches the set limit. Autoplay will be stopped automatically when the feature is triggered. Stop (a button with a rounded rectangle): Displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Spin (a button with a circular arrow): Start the game round. Refresh Refresh displays the results of the last game played, when you return to that game. Refresh does the following if you are disconnected from the casino server or Internet: If you are disconnected before the results of the last game are displayed, then the amount you won or lost, your credit balance, and the final game state is displayed when you return to the game. If you are disconnected while a game is in progress, and you can still make decisions in the game, you are able to complete that game when you return to it. If the request to play a new game does not reach the casino server before you are disconnected, the results of the previous game is displayed when you return to the game. In live dealer games, if you are disconnected from the casino server or Internet, if your session ends, or if you shut down the casino software, the following occurs: If your bet request is received and accepted as per the normal betting rules, it is played out and your balance is automatically updated with a win or loss. If your bet request is not received or accepted as per the normal betting rules, your balance is not affected. In video poker games, if you have a winning hand and are disconnected from the casino server or Internet, if your session ends, or if you shut down the casino software before collecting your win or selecting to double, the following occurs: The casino automatically collects your win for you. When you open the game, you are returned to the main game screen. If you are a real account player, when you return to the game, your credit balance is updated and your original winning hand is displayed. If you are a guest account player, your credit balance is updated, but your original winning hand is not displayed. As the casino automatically collects your win for you, you cannot double on your winning hand. Refresh is not available for guest account users. Disclaimer The casino strives to ensure the full protection of all its clients and their bets. However, there are certain events that are beyond the casino's control. If, for any reason, you are disconnected from the casino server, the casino cannot be held liable for any losses that may result from this disconnection. The balance of your account is recorded on the casino server and is not affected by the disconnection in any way. If a line has been disconnected or become unresponsive, when you log on to the casino the balance of credits recorded on the casino server after the last bet was completed, is displayed. We regret the imposition of the above, but it is necessary to avoid further complications. All games are played strictly subject to the casino's terms and conditions. By playing at the casino , you agree to abide by these terms and conditions. Free games Free games offers award you a number of free game spins over a set time period. Each offer has a unique reference number. Each offer has an expiry date and time. If you do not play the offer before this date and time, it will no longer be available. You cannot change your coin size or the amount you have bet. Wins are added to your cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. You can only play one offer at a time. When an offer is complete, discarded or expired, the next offer is displayed. Playing free games: Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. You cannot change your coin size or the amount you have bet. Select Play Now to play the free games. Select Play Later to postpone the free games until you want to play. You must play the free games before the expiry date and time. If you choose to play later, the offer is presented again the next time you enter the game. Discarding free games: Select the Bin icon, then select Discard . If you discard a free games offer, this can only be reversed by contacting the casino support staff and quoting the unique reference number for that offer. Free games may not be available in the game you are playing. Contact us If you could not find the answers to your questions, please visit our website for additional information. Things to note about game features Each game has different functionality. Some of the features, settings, and gameplay options mentioned in this documentation may not be available in the game you are playing. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. The win up to amounts displayed on payout tables are rounded off values, and are an approximate value of the highest win possible for the game. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. About help Version: 2.121.01 Last modification date: 7/23/2023