Pearl Catcher About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Way Rules This game includes 243 ways. A way is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other in this pattern. Way wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the current total bet pided by the way cost of 20. Payout Rules Way win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The total payout is the sum of all way wins resulting from a spin. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The win over value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. Wild Symbols Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Scatters, Pearl and Clam symbols. Wild symbols do not have a payout. Wild symbols appear on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. Scatter Symbols This symbol appears in base game only. This symbol does not have a payout. Pearl Catcher Feature There are pink, blue, decorated pink and decorated blue pearl symbols on reels 1, 2, 3 and 4. Pink and blue pearl symbols appear with a cash prize of 0.5x, 1x, 1.5x, 2x, 2.5x, 3x, 3.5x or 4x current bet. Decorated pink and decorated blue pearl symbols appear with a cash prize of 5x, 6x, 7.5x, 10x, 15x, 20x, 25x or 50x current bet. A clam symbol is a collection symbol that can land only on reel 5. The colour of the clam symbol can be pink, blue or combination of pink and blue. The colour of the clam symbol is revealed, when it has landed. If the clam symbol is blue, it collects the prizes of all the blue and decorated blue pearl symbols. If the clam symbol is pink, it collects the prizes of all the pink and decorated pink pearl symbols. If the clam symbol's colour is combined with pink and blue, it collects the prizes of all the pearl symbols despite their colour. After prize collection from the pearl symbols, Rolling Reels™ feature is triggered. Collected pearl symbols are removed from the reels and the symbols above move into the empty spaces. If new pearl symbols land and prize collection happens, the Rolling Reels™ feature triggers again. Rolling Reels™ feature continues until there are no pearl symbols on the reels that match the clam symbol's colour. Pearl Catcher feature is triggered before the way wins. Free Spins 3, 4 or 5 Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels trigger 8 Free Spins. Free Spins play out automatically. Free Spins cannot be retriggered, but additional Free Spins can be granted during Clam Multiplier feature. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. All ways played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Clam Multiplier Feature in Free Spins Clam Multiplier feature is active only during the Free Spins. Clam Multiplier ladder consists of 10 steps: 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 8x, 10x, 15x and 50x. When the clam symbol lands on reel 5, the multiplier value moves up by one step on the ladder. The active multiplier is applied to the Pearl Catcher feature wins only. When the multiplier of 50x is achieved, no more spins are added and multiplier is not increased. Reaching the step that has a label with "+3", adds 3 Free Spins. Buy Feature This feature is available in base game only. Activating this feature will instantly trigger the Free Spins feature. The Buy Feature cost is 55x. The feature is played at the current bet. This feature is not available above a certain bet threshold. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Autoplay Settings Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. Bet Settings Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Bet Amount: Sets the current bet value. Game Controls Balance: Displays the current balances. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Pressing the Spin button during the current spin stops the reels quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Pressing the Spin button during AutoPlay ends the current Autoplay session. Home button: Exits the game. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Values are calculated initially by piding the total possible payouts by the total possible outcomes that are available within the game. Values reflect the maximum expected return and do not change. The Return to Player is defined at different stages or modes of the game. Overall RTP: 94.22%. Buy Feature: 94.22%. Last modification date: 4/5/2023