Neptunes Riches Ocean of Wilds About this Game Welcome to Neptune's Riches - Ocean of Wilds. This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. It features Free Spins, Rising Wilds Re-spin, Wild, Multiplier Wild, and Walking Wild Stack. General Only the highest win per line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different lines are added. The maximum cumulative total win in Rising Wilds Re-spin or Free Spins is capped at 25000x bet. When the cap is reached the feature ends. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except Scatter symbols and other Wild symbols. Wild symbols substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a line according to the PAYTABLE. Win on a line pays if in succession from the leftmost to the rightmost position according to the PAYTABLE. Wild symbols A Multiplier Wild on a winning line will multiply the win by the corresponding multiplier. If 2 or more Multiplier Wild symbols appear on a winning pay line, then the corresponding multipliers are multiplied. For example, a 2X Multiplier Wild and a 3X Multiplier Wild awards a total multiplier of 6X on that line. Multiplier Wild only appears during Rising Wilds Re-spin and Free Spins. Multiplier Wild symbols can award 1X-10X multiplier. Rising Wilds Re-spin Landing Regular Wild symbols on reels 2, 3 and 4 simultaneously during base game will award the Rising Wilds Re-spin. All Regular Wild symbols present on screen when the feature starts will turn into Multiplier Wild symbols. Reels 2, 3 and 4 each have their own reel multiplier shown above the reels, the current multiplier on the reel is applied to all Multiplier Wild symbols on that reel. Any Multiplier Wild symbol that lands during the Rising Wilds Re-spin feature will have the multiplier shown above the reel. Before a new Re-spin, all Multiplier Wild symbols on the screen will move one position upwards instead of spinning out. When a Multiplier Wild symbol moves out of the visible reel area the reel multiplier will increase by 1. Each reel multiplier starts at 1X and can reach a maximum of 10X. Rising Wilds Re-spin continues until no more Multiplier Wild symbols are present after the reels have stopped. It is not possible to trigger Free Spins within Rising Wilds Re-spin. Wins during Rising Wilds Re-spin are added to the total win. Free Spins Scatter symbols can only appear on reels 1, 3, and 5 in the base game. 3 Scatter symbols award 5 Free Spins. Free Spins starts with a Walking Wild Stack positioned on reel 5 The Walking Wild Stack consists of three separate Multiplier Wild symbols, each with its own multiplier. The possible multipliers for each Multiplier Wild in the Walking Wild Stack are 1X10X. After each spin and payout if any, the Walking Wild Stack will move one position to the left. The possible multipliers for a Multiplier Wild that lands on the reels are 1X, 2X and 3X. When a new Multiplier Wild symbol lands adjacent to the Walking Wild Stack, after payout if any, its multiplier is added to the horizontally adjacent multiplier in the Walking Wild Stack. After the final spin, there is a chance to win 5 additional Free Spins. If 5 additional Free Spins are awarded, the Walking Wild Stack is moved to reel 5, keeping the current multipliers. It is not possible to trigger Rising Wilds Re-spin within Free Spins. Wins during Free Spins are added to the total win. The last bet placed in the game is used as the Free Spins bet amount. Game Terms Translations The following list is only applicable in a language other than English NEPTUNE’S RICHES - OCEAN OF WILDS - NEPTUNE’S RICHES - OCEAN OF WILDS LINES - LINES SCATTER - SCATTER WILD - WILD RISING WILDS RE-SPIN - RISING WILDS RE-SPIN REGULAR WILD - REGULAR WILD MULTIPLIER WILD - MULTIPLIER WILD WALKING WILD STACK - WALKING WILD STACK COLLECT - COLLECT WIN UP TO - WIN UP TO FREE SPINS - FREE SPINS GOLDEN TRIDENT - GOLDEN TRIDENT RE-TRIGGER WHEEL - RE-TRIGGER WHEEL BIG WIN - BIG WIN MEGA WIN - MEGA WIN EPIC WIN - EPIC WIN JUST FOR THE WIN - JUST FOR THE WIN Game Controls Autoplay settings: Select a number of spins to auto play by the up and down arrows or by selecting a value directly. Start and stop the Autoplay by pressing the spin button. Balance field: Displays the current account balance. Bet field: Displays the current bet size. Bet settings: Change the bet size by the up and down arrows or by selecting a value directly. Spin Button: Start the game with the current bet size as displayed in the bet field. Clicking or tapping anywhere on the reels during a spin displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Win field: Displays the pay in a winning round. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Game Menu Advanced settings: Navigate to the Responsible Gaming pages. Advanced settings: Open the Advanced Settings menu. Advanced settings: Turn Quick Spin on or off. Banking: Navigate to the Banking pages. Lobby: Navigate back to the casino lobby. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Sound settings: Turn sound on or off. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. This value is fixed and does not change. This game has an RTP of 96.15%. Bet Range Min Bet : €0.10 Max Bet : €10 Last modification date: 11/17/2020