8 Golden Skulls of Holly Roger Megaways About Featuring 117649 Megaways™ to Win, a 6 Reel Video Slot with features that include: • Rolling Reels™ • FIREPOT™ • Mystery Symbol • Scatter symbol • Free Spins and Multiplier Bonus Wheel • Free Spins Feature Play the game • Select Bet and select the total number of credits you want to bet per spin. • Your bet is the credits staked. • Select the Spin button to start the spin at the stake displayed. • The 6 reels will spin and then come to stop, displaying the result. Game Settings Change your game settings by doing the following: 1. Select Menu. 2. Select Settings. 3. Choose the required setting: - Sounds: Toggles Sounds On/Off - Quick Spin: Toggles Quick Spin On/Off - Quick Spin Prompt: Toggles Quick Spin Prompt On/Off Desktop Only • Depending on your game, selecting the space bar may also start the game. • Depending on your game, selecting the space bar may also stop the game. Ways and Payouts • There are up to 117649 Megaways™ to win. • Matching symbols must be on adjacent reels, from left-to-right, starting from the first slot reel. • All wins pay left to right except Scatter which pays any. • Highest win paid per winning combination. All winning combinations are added together. • All wins are multiplied by the credits staked. Rolling Reels™ • Rolling Reels™ trigger on every win. • Winning symbols are removed and replaced with new random symbols. • Winning FIREPOT™ symbols are not replaced on a win. • Rolling Reels™ can award multiple consecutive wins per spin. • Rolling Reels™ are available in Base Game and Free Spins. FIREPOT™ Symbol • FIREPOT™ Symbols can randomly appear on any reel. • 3 or more of this symbol awards a corresponding displayed cash prize. • Triggering 8 FIREPOT™ Symbols awards the FIREPOT™ prize. Mystery Symbol • Mystery Symbols can randomly appear on any reel. • These symbols reveal a hidden symbol upon completion of the symbol land. • Mystery Symbols may trigger a win or contribute to an existing one. • Mystery Symbols can reveal any symbol except the Scatter symbol. Scatter Symbol • In order to win, the Scatter Symbol does not need to appear on adjacent reels. • This symbol cannot be substituted by the FIREPOT™ or Mystery symbol. • No symbol payout is associated with the Scatter Symbol. Free Spins • The credits staked to trigger the Free Spins feature is used as the free spins bet amount. • Achieve 4 Scatters to trigger Free Spins. • During the Free Spins trigger, every additional Scatter adds 2 extra Free Spins to your Bonus Wheel feature. Free Spins and Multiplier Bonus Wheel • After triggering Free Spins, Free Spins and Multiplier Bonus Wheel feature is displayed. • The Bonus Wheel contains sections that include both the number of Free Spins as well as a Multiplier. • The amount of Free Spins triggered on the Bonus Wheel is added to total number of spins awarded by the additional Scatters landed on the Free Spins trigger. During Free Spins • During Free Spins, the Win Multiplier triggered on the Bonus Wheel is applied to all wins in Free Spins. • This Multiplier also applies to the values for the FIREPOT™ onscreen feature. • Free Spins can be retriggered. • Achieve 3 Scatter Symbols to award 4 additional Free Spins during the feature. • Every additional Scatter Symbol on the retrigger awards 2 more Free Spins. • All winnings are automatically added into your balance during Free Spins. Completing Free Spins • The total Free Spin winnings will be displayed. • You can then resume regular play. AutoPlay AutoPlay enables you to automatically play a set number of consecutive games without interacting with the game. • AutoPlay plays with the last bet value you selected, so you must select a bet amount before starting AutoPlay. • The number of spins remaining in your AutoPlay session is displayed in the game. To Start AutoPlay 1. Select a bet amount. 2. Select AutoPlay. In some games this starts the session and it continues until you select Stop. 3. Select your AutoPlay option. 4. Select Start AutoPlay. 5. Select Stop to end AutoPlay. Selecting this button does not influence the results of the spin. AutoPlay Options AutoPlay options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options: Number Of Spins - Set the number of spins you want to play. Bet Settings - Set the bet amount you want to play. Until Stop - Set the session to play until you select stop. This does not influence the results of the spin. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Quick Spin Quick Spin increases the reel spin speed to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. To enable Quick Spin in the game: • Tap and hold the Spin button. • Navigate to the Setting Screen, enable the Quick Spin toggle. To disable Quick Spin in the game: • Tap and hold the Spin button. • Navigate to the Setting Screen, disable the Quick Spin toggle. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Return To Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. RTP - 96.86% Last modification date: 7/7/2022