Pachinko Video Bingo - About Pachinko is a 90-ball bingo based game. Pachinko uses bingo tickets with fifteen numbers each for a total of sixty numbers in game. You can purchase up to four bingo tickets per game. Thirty balls are initially drawn randomly from the sixty numbers in game. You can also buy up to ten extra balls for an additional cost. The goal of the game is to create as many winning patterns as possible in the enabled tickets, with the numbers drawn during the game. Video Bingo - General Rules You can purchase up to four tickets per game. Numbers in tickets and balls numbers goes from 1 to 90. Thirty balls are randomly drawn per game. You need to complete any of the patterns to win a prize. After the thirty balls are drawn, the extra ball stage will be activated if any enabled tickets requires only one more number to complete a winning pattern related to a 8x prize or higher. Extra balls are offered up to a maximum of ten times before the game automatically ends. Extra balls will be offered at an additional cost. The cost of an extra ball does not indicate a greater or lesser chance of winning. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. Video Bingo - Betting and Payout Rules The value of prizes won depends on the stake you select. Winnings paid out on each ticket are dependent on the winning pattern completed on the ticket, once all the balls are drawn. Multiple payouts are possible per ticket only if completely new winning patterns are created. If a winning pattern is created from an existing winning pattern, you are paid out for the new, more valuable pattern only. Winnings will be collected and paid at the end of the round. Total bet amount is the bet per ticket value selected multiplied by the number of tickets enabled. All bets and payouts are in credits. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. Video Bingo - Jackpot You need to enable the four tickets in a game to activate the Jackpot. You win a Jackpot payout of 5000x your bet per ticket value selected if the Jackpot is activated in the round and all the numbers on any enabled ticket are completely marked off before any extra ball is purchased. Video Bingo - Wild Ball Wild Balls may appear randomly in the extra ball stage. Wild Balls allow you to select any number on the enabled tickets. In case of not selecting any number, the available candidate that awards the higher prize will be automatically chosen. Video Bingo - Free Balls Some of the extra balls could be free of charge. The game will indicate the free balls with a “Free Ball” sign in the centre of the screen and a “free” message in the bingo drum gate. Video Bingo - Bonus Feature The outline pattern triggers this feature. The bonus is a 5-level picker game with Maneki-neko figurines to select. One Maneki-neko can be selected per level to collect cash prizes until Exit sign is revealed. Level 1: Six white Maneki-nekos with prizes from 10x to 50x and no Exit sign. Level 2: Five red Maneki-nekos with prizes from 50x to 150x and 1 Exit sign. Level 3: Four black Maneki-nekos with prizes from 150x to 250x and 1 Exit sign. Level 4: Three silver Maneki-nekos with prizes from 250x to 450x and 1 Exit sign. Level 5: Two gold Maneki-nekos with prizes from 450x to 550x and 1 Exit sign. The game will award the Bonus prize collected and a Fixed prize associated to the outline pattern (400x). This Fixed prize, indicated in the prize table, is the only one that will be overridden if the player wins a Bingo prize in the same round and ticket. Video Bingo - Playing the Game The goal of the game is to create as many winning patterns as possible in the enabled tickets, with the numbers drawn during the game. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. Video Bingo - Playing the Game: Initial Draw Click on Bet per Ticket to select the bet value. When all thirty balls are drawn, the outcome is displayed on each enabled ticket. All four tickets will be enabled by default. You can disable one to three tickets by clicking on the “x” button on top right corner of each ticket. Total bet amount is the bet per ticket value selected multiplied by the number of bingo tickets enabled. You can change the numbers on each ticket individually by clicking directly on them. A new set of 15 numbers will be randomly displayed. There will be no repeated numbers between the enabled tickets. You can choose between 4 different speeds available: Slow, Normal, Turbo and Instant Play (Normal will be selected by default). This does not influence the results of the draw. Click Play to start the game. Thirty balls are automatically drawn and marked off on each of your enabled tickets. If you complete a winning pattern on any enabled ticket, you win the associated prize. After the thirty balls draw, if you do not complete a winning pattern or no candidates of 8x prizes or higher are available, the game is over and you can play again. Video Bingo - Playing the Game: Extra Ball stage After the thirty balls are drawn, the extra ball stage will be activated if any enabled ticket requires only one more number to complete a winning pattern related to a 8x prize or higher. Extra balls are offered up to a maximum of ten times before the game automatically ends. Extra balls will be offered at an additional cost. The cost of an extra ball does not indicate a greater or lesser chance of winning. Video Bingo - RTP Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed, and does not change. This game has an RTP for different game modes. Initial Draw RTP: 93,89% Extra Ball Stage RTP: From 93,89% to 96,08% Last modification date: 5/25/2022