Mustang Riches Blazing Ways About this Game l This is a video slot game with variable reels. l Up to 5 reels, 6 rows can be activated. l The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. l Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Bet Rules l Each spin played costs a total bet amount. l The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the way cost of 20. l The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the ways played. Way Rules l A way is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs across the reels. l A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other in this pattern. l Way wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. l This game includes 243 - 7776 ways. Payout Rules l Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. l The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. l The total payout is the sum of all way wins resulting from a spin. l If multiple winning combinations land on a single way, only the highest win is awarded. l The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. l Way win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. Game Controls l Spin button: Starts a reel spin. l Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. l A click or tap on the reels stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. l Spin Settings button: Displays additional spin options. l Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. l Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. l Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. l Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. l Bet Increase button: Increases the current bet. l Bet Decrease button: Decreases the current bet. l Bet: Displays the current total bet. l Win: Displays the most recent win. l Credits: Displays the current balances. Game Menu l Menu button: Displays additional game options. l Home button: Exits the game. l Banking button: Displays the banking page. l Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. l Sounds: Enables game sounds. Additional Information l Some settings and features may not be available in this game. l Malfunction voids all pays and plays. l Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. l In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. l The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. l The results of the last game played are displayed. l If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Wild Symbols l Landscape symbols are Wild symbols. l When a Wild lands it expands to fill the reel. l Adjacent expanded Wilds display as a single image. l The number displayed indicates the total Ways generated by the expanded Wild image. l Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Bonus and Coin symbols. l Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. l This symbol appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. BlazingWays™ l Collecting Coin symbols grows the reels. l Coin symbols do not award a credit pay. l Each reel can have 3, 4, 5 or 6 rows with 0, 1, 2 or 3 collected Coin symbols respectively. l When 3 Coin symbols are collected, the reel will lock with 6 rows for the next 3 spins before resetting to 3 rows. l When a reel has 6 rows, all Coin symbols on that reel are upgraded to Mustang symbols. l The maximum number of Ways is 7776. Bonus Symbols l Horseshoe symbols are Bonus symbols. l Bonus symbols do not have a payout. Free Spins l Bonus symbols appear on reels 1, 3 and 5 in base game. l Bonus symbols appear in base game only. l 3 Bonus symbols anywhere on the reels trigger this feature. l Choose the number of Free Spins and BlazingWays™. l The four options are: 12 Free Spins starting with 3 rows; 8 Free Spins starting with 4 rows; 5 Free Spins starting with 5 rows; 3 Free Spins with 6 rows. l Some selections are unlocked by playing the Free Spins. l Each Coin that lands awards an extra Free Spin. l When 3 Coins are collected, the reel will lock with 6 rows for the remaining Free Spins. l All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. l Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Return to Player l The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. l This value is fixed and does not change. l This game has an RTP of 96.45%. Last modification date: 11/30/2021