Granny Disco Frenzy About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row to 5 reel 6 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. The top row is a single reel which is horizontally oriented. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the ways played. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the way cost of 20. The return to player for this game is 94.04 Way Rules This game includes 243 ways and can go up to the maximum number of 7776 ways. A way is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other in this pattern. Way wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Payout Rules Way win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The total payout is the sum of all way wins resulting from a spin. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Split Symbols Split symbols land on the top row. When a Split symbol lands, the symbol number will determine the number of symbols on the corresponding reel. Split symbols add 1, 2 or 3 symbols per reel. The additional reel size in the base game is carried over to the LockNWin™ feature. Pot Symbols The game has 3 different coloured Pot symbols: red, yellow and pink. Each Pot symbol collects to the Pot of the same colour above the reels. Pot symbols do not have a payout. Pot symbols appear in base game only. The graphical collection of Pot symbols in this game is purely for visual entertainment and as such does not influence triggering the features. Wild Symbols Wild symbols can land on reels 2, 3, 4 or 5. Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Pot, Collect, Split, Cash Value and Bonus symbols. Multiplier Feature When a Collect symbol lands on reel 5, the total value of all Cash Value symbols on screen is multiplied by the Multiplier and awarded. When the Multiply LockNWin™ is complete, all Cash Value symbol values are multiplied by the Multiplier and the Multiplier is reset to 1x. The Multiplier starts with a value of 1x and increases with each red Pot symbol landing on the reels. The Multiplier can increase up to 10x. The Multiplier resets to 1x at the end of any feature on which it was applied. This feature is available in base game and Multiply LockNWin™ The Multiplier feature does not apply to way wins. Collect Feature This feature can trigger in base game only. When a Collect symbol lands on reel 5, the total value of all Cash Value symbols on screen is multiplied by the Multiplier and awarded. Cash Value symbols appear on reels 1, 2, 3 or 4. Cash Value symbols can have values between 0.2x and 19.4x the total bet. The maximum Multiplier for the Collect Feature is 9x. Collect Feature and LockNWin™ Feature cannot be triggered simultaneously. LockNWin™ Feature Whenever one or more Pot symbols appear there is a chance for a LockNWin™ to be triggered. The combination of Pot symbols that collect when the LockNWin™ is triggered determines the features awarded. 3 respins are awarded. All symbols are removed from the reels except Cash Value symbols, which lock into place when they land. Every time a Cash Value symbol or Jackpot coin lands, the respin count resets to 3. LockNWin™ ends when the count runs out or the reels are full of Cash Value symbols. Cash Value symbols can have values between 0.2x and 100x the total bet. Multiply LockNWin™ Feature The Multiply LockNWin™ may be triggered any time a red Pot symbol lands. When the Multiply LockNWin™ is complete, all Cash Values are multiplied by the Multiplier and the Multiplier is reset to 1x. Wins awarded during this feature are added to base game wins. Jackpot LockNWin™ Feature The Jackpot LockNWin™ may be triggered any time a yellow Pot symbol lands. When all positions are collected on a jackpot, the corresponding jackpot is awarded. More than one jackpot can be won in the Jackpot LockNWin™. Wins awarded during this feature are added to base game wins. Supreme LockNWin™ Feature The Supreme LockNWin™ may be triggered any time a pink Pot symbol lands. Orange Cash Value symbol collects all green Cash Value symbols when it lands. Pink Cash Value symbol collects all green and orange Cash Value symbols when it lands. Wins awarded during this feature are added to base game wins. Bonus Feature Bonus symbols land on the top row. Collecting a Bonus symbol on all reels will trigger all 3 LockNWin™ features. Bonus symbols can be collected over several spins and more than one Bonus symbol can land at a time. The Multiplier starting value is carried over from the base game. Buy Feature This feature is not available above a certain bet threshold. This feature is available in the base game only. The bet level for the feature may be chosen in the buy menu. Activating the Buy feature instantly triggers the selected feature. The Multiply LockNWin™ cost is 35.85 x bet. The Jackpot LockNWin™ cost is 38.50 x bet. The Supreme LockNWin™ cost is 26.70 x bet. The Multiply + Jackpot LockNWin™ cost is 55.85 x bet. The Jackpot + Supreme LockNWin™ cost is 58.25 x bet. The Multiply + Supreme LockNWin™ cost is 64.60 x bet. The Multiply + Jackpot + Supreme LockNWin™ cost is 83.45 x bet. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. This feature is available in the base game only. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Big Win: Stops autoplay after winning a big win. Autoplay is played at the current bet selected. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Balance: Displays the current balances. Exit button: Exits the game. Help button: Displays help and additional information. Hold to Turbo Spin: Hold the spin button to enable Turbo Spin. Turbo Spin ends when the spin button is lifted. This does not influence the results of the spin. Menu button: Opens the game menu. Spacebar: Pressing this keyboard button will start or stop a reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Spacebar: Holding down this keyboard button will start a quickspin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Desktop Controls Bet controls: Increase or decrease the bet with the plus and minus symbols. Info button: Opens the paytable menu. Max Bet button: Sets the current bet to the maximum value. Game Menu Home button: Exits the game. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Banking button: Displays the banking page. Close button: Closes the game menu. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Help button: Displays help and additional information. Big win toggle: Toggles big win celebration display on or off. Splash page toggle: Toggles the splash page display on or off. Bet Settings Bet Amount: Sets the current bet value. Bet Value buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Max Bet button: Sets the current bet to the maximum value. Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Min Bet button: Sets the current bet to the minimum value. Game Settings Sounds: Enables game sounds. Quickspin: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Big Win: Enables big win animations. Music: Enables game music. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Splash page toggle: Toggles the splash page display on or off. Turbospin button: Enables Turbospin to resolve spins faster than Quick Spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of additional game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired, the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Game Terminology WILD = WILD MAX BET = MAX BET JACKPOT = JACKPOT MEGA JACKPOT = MEGA JACKPOT MAJOR JACKPOT = MAJOR JACKPOT MINOR JACKPOT = MINOR JACKPOT MINI JACKPOT = MINI JACKPOT MICRO JACKPOT = MICRO JACKPOT Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Last modification date: 12/2/2025