Dr. Wildshock's Mad Loot Lab About this Game This is a 5 reel 5 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the number of coins multiplied by the coin size. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the bet multiplier played. This game includes a bet multiplier of 20. The bet multiplier played is fixed. Any Adjacent Pays Rules This game has no paylines. Any 3 or more matching adjacent symbols, horizontally or vertically, create a winning combination. Symbols can participate in multiple win combinations. Only the highest win is awarded per matching adjacent symbol combination. Rolling Reels™ Feature This feature triggers after any win. Winning symbols are removed from the reels and the symbols above move into the empty spaces. New symbols will roll in and if new winning combinations are formed, the feature triggers again. The feature continues until no winning combinations are present on the reels. This feature can trigger in base game and Free Spins. Multiplier Trail Rules This game includes a Multiplier Trail. A win multiplier is awarded for every Wild symbol contained in winning combinations. The win multiplier value increases for consecutive wins containing Wild symbols. The win multiplier is applied to winning combinations as each win is revealed. The win multiplier does not increase with winning combinations without a Wild symbol. The win multiplier starts at 1 on each wagered Base Game spin and Free Spins spin. The Multiplier Trail resets when all rolls are complete. Payout Rules Winning combination payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The total payout is the sum of all winning combination wins resulting from a spin. The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. Disclaimer: The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Wild Symbols Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Exploding Wild symbols. Wild symbols can create their own winning combinations. These symbols appear in both base game and Free Spins. Exploding Wild Symbol When part of winning combinations, Exploding Wild symbols award between 2 – 4 extra Wild symbols on the next cascade. Extra Wilds can land on any other reel position. Extra Wilds landing on an existing Wild symbol will increase that Wild’s multiplier. Extra Wilds landing on an existing Exploding Wild symbol will increase that Exploding Wild’s multiplier. Exploding Wilds with a multiplier award multiplied Wilds when part of winning combinations. This feature is available in both the base game and the Free Spins. Free Spins Collect the number of Wilds indicated on the meter in a single Rolling Reels™ sequence to trigger the Free Spins. Wilds are collected when part of winning combinations. The number of Wilds to collect varies between 3 and 8 in the base game. 10 Free Spins are awarded. During Free Spins collect the number of Wilds indicated on the meter in a single Rolling Reels™ sequence to retrigger 3 additional spins. The number of Wilds to collect varies between 5 and 6 in Free Spins. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. All winning combinations played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Free Spins are played on a different reel set from the base game. Buy Feature The Buy feature costs 40 times the total bet amount. Select a bet amount and then confirm your selection by pressing the Buy Button. 10 Free Spins are awarded. Press the X button to cancel the Buy Feature option. This feature is available in base game only. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Play button: Continues the game. Fast Play Active Indicator: Indicates when Fast Play is active. Bet Up button: Increases the current bet up to the next highest available bet. Bet Down button: Decreases the current bet down to the next lowest available bet. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay start button: Starts Autoplay session. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Game Menu button: Displays the game settings and game payout table. Buy Feature button: Displays the option to purchase the Free Spins feature. Game Menu System Menu button: Displays additional system options. Help button: Displays help and additional information. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Return button: Returns to the game. Bet Settings Coin Size: Sets the coin value. Number of Coins: Sets the number of coins. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The Autoplay start button starts the Autoplay session based on your selected options. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. If any condition is met to stop the session, all AutoPlay settings return to default. If you are disconnected, AutoPlay will stop. All AutoPlay settings return to default when the game is reloaded. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Game Settings Fast Play button: Toggle to turn Fast Play on or off to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Intro Screen button: Toggle to turn the game Intro Screen on or off. Mute All Sounds button: Toggle to mute all game sounds. Background Music button: Toggle to turn background music on or off. Sound Effects button: Toggle to turn game sound effects on or off. Additional Information In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 3/8/2022