Pizza Fiesta This is a 5 reel 4 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Payline Rules This game includes 20 paylines. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. The number of paylines played is fixed. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The bet is dependent on the number of coins and coin size played. The initial bet is the number of coins multiplied by the coin size. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the paylines played. Payout Rules Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins resulting from a spin. The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The advertised 5000x Win Up To Value, achieved by winning the Mega Jackpot, cannot be won during Free Spins or via the Free Spins Purchase event. Wild Symbols Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. Wild symbols appear on all reels in base game and Free Spins. Wilds can appear as singles or stacks on all reels. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Scatters, Jackpot Symbols, Coin Symbols and Collection Symbols. Scatter Symbols This symbol does not have a payout. Scatters appear on all reels in both base game and Free Spins. 1 Scatter per reel triggers Free Spins. Coin Symbols Coin Symbols appear on all reels in base game and Free Spins. Coin Symbol stacks appear on reels 1, 2, 3 and 4. Coin Symbols award prizes when landing along with any Collection Symbol. Collection Symbol The Collection Symbols appear in both base game and Free Spins. The Collection Symbol appears on reel 5 only. The Collection Symbol collects all coin awards visible on the reels when landing on reel 5. When the Collection Symbols land along with Coin Symbols, the Coin prizes are awarded. There are additional Collection Symbols on reel 5 in Free Spins. Regular Collection Symbol collects all coin awards visible on the reels when landing on reel 5 in base game and Free Spins. Spins only. Jackpots Only 1 jackpot can be awarded at a time. There are 4 Jackpots in the base game. Jackpot Symbols appear on reels 1, 2, 3 and 4 in the base game only. Landing Jackpot Symbols increases the Jackpot values for each corresponding Jackpot tier. Landing Jackpot Symbols can randomly award the corresponding Jackpot tier. The Mega jackpot increases by 2.0x the total bet for each corresponding Jackpot Symbol that lands. The Mega jackpot can award prizes from 100x to 5000x the total bet. The Major jackpot increases by 1.0x the total bet for each corresponding Jackpot Symbol that lands. The Major jackpot can award prizes from 20x to 500x the total bet. The Minor jackpot increases by 0.5x the total bet for each corresponding Jackpot Symbol that lands. The Minor jackpot can award prizes from 10x to 100x the total bet. The Mini jackpot increases by 0.5x the total bet for each corresponding Jackpot Symbol that lands. The Mini jackpot can award prizes from 5x to 50x the total bet. The probability of triggering the Jackpots can change as the jackpot values change. Free Spins All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Free Spins play out automatically. 1 Scatter per reel triggers an additional 10 Free Spins. Each Scatter that lands along with a Collection Symbol awards +1 Free Spins. Buy Feature The feature is played at the current bet. The cost of the feature is a multiple of the current bet size, and is displayed in game. This feature is available in base game only. This feature may not be available above a certain bet threshold. Game Menu Menu button: Displays additional game options. Lobby button: Exits the game. Banking button: Displays the banking page. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Paytable button: Displayspayout tables and game rules. Game Controls Credits: Displays the current balances. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Buy button: Allows the Free Spins feature to be purchased for a set cost. Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplaysession. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Win History button: Displays the Top Wins and Recent Wins for the game. Sound On button: Enables sounds. Sound Off button: Disables sounds. X button: Exits the game. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. This feature is available in base game only. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. WinLimit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Bet Settings Max Bet button: Sets the current bet to the maximum value. Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. The number of paylines played is fixed. Total Bet: Displays the total bet. Game Settings Sounds: Enables game sounds. Quickspin: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Malfunction voids all pays and plays Last modification date: 11/13/2024