Mystic Panther Treasures of the Wild About this Game This is a 6 reel 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. l Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. Bet Rules l Each spin played costs a total bet amount. l The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the way cost of 20. l The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by 20. Way Rules l This game includes 729 ways. l Way wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right only on adjacent reels. l Only the highest win is paid per way. l All wins are multiplied by the bet per way. l Total bet is 20x the bet per way. Payout Rules Way win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. l The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. If multiple winning combinations land on a single way, only the highest win is awarded. l The total payout is the sum of all way wins resulting from a spin. l Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. Wild Symbols Panther symbols are Wild symbols. Wilds can substitute for all symbols except Free Spins and Link ™ symbols. l Wilds appear on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a way combination. Reels can turn Wild during Free Spins. Link ™ Meter Each Link ™ symbol that lands is collected in the Link ™ meter. l Collect 6-17 Link ™ symbols to trigger this feature. l The Link ™ feature is active in the base game. Link ™ symbols include normal and Bonus Prize shields. l The feature begins with 3 respins. l Respins have special reels with Link ™ symbols and blank positions. l The triggering Link ™ symbols are held in place during the feature. Each new Link ™ symbol that lands is also held, and resets the number of respins to 3. l Link ™ symbols award Shield Prizes. l Shield Prizes can be bet multipliers of 1-5x, or Bonus Prizes. Bonus Prize l Grand: 5000x total bet l Major: 500x total bet l Minor: 25x total bet l Mini: 10x total bet l Each Mini, Minor and Major shield reveals a Bonus Prize. l Land 18 Link ™ symbols to trigger the Grand Prize. l The feature ends when no respins remain or the Grand Prize is triggered. Free Spins Free Spins symbols pay in any position. l Free Spins symbols appear on reels 1, 3, and 5. l 3 Free Spins symbols trigger 10 Free Spins and award 1x bet. Free Spins can be retriggered. l On each Free Spin, there is a chance reels will become Wild. l All bets and ways played are the same as the spin that triggered the feature. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. A click or tap on the reels stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Credits: Displays the current balances. Game Menu Menu button: Displays additional game options. Home button: Exits the game. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Banking button: Displays the banking page. Discard button: Allows the player to discard a free game offer from the base game, if any. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. l Malfunction voids all pays and plays. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. l The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. l The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. l Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. This value is fixed and does not change. l This game has an RTP of 96.54%. Last modification date: 5/20/2022