333 Jolly Fat Frogs Power Combo About this Game This is a 5 reel, 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Payline Rules This game includes 20 paylines. The number of paylines played is fxed. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the frst slot reel. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The total bet is the number of coins multiplied by coin size. The bet multiplier is 10. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the number of paylines played. Payout Rules Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins resulting from a spin. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. Mystery Symbols Mystery symbols land to reveal a random symbol before pays are evaluated for that spin. All Mystery symbols reveal the same symbol on a single spin. Revealed symbols may include tokens to collect. Tokens can appear attached to Mystery symbols. Every token that lands is collected. Mystery symbols are stacked and can blackout the reels. Blackouts occur when the same symbol flls all the reels. Blackouts award all paylines at the current bet. Free Spins Bonus Feature Blue Token Blue Tokens are collected in the base game to randomly add a Free Spin to the Blue Frog.Up to 40 Free Spins can be accumulated. Blue Tokens collected in the base game grant a chance of triggering Free Spins with accumulated additional Free Spins. The feature triggers randomly upon collection of a Blue Token to the Blue Frog.The Free Spins count resets to 10 on return to the base game. Multiplier Bonus Feature Red Token Red Tokens are collected in the base game to randomly increase the Free Spins Multiplier of the Red Frog by 0.5x. A multiplier of up to 10x can be accumulated. Red Tokens collected in the base game grant a chance of triggering Free Spins with the accumulated Free Spins Multiplier. 7 Free Spins are randomly triggered by the Red Token, unless triggered with the Free Spins Bonus Feature. Collected multipliers are applied to any line wins during Free Spins.The Free Spins Multiplier resets to 2x upon return to the base game. Jackpot Bonus Feature Gold Token Gold Tokens collected in the base game may increase the Mini, Minor, Maxi, or Major Jackpot values. Gold Tokens collected in the base game grant a chance of triggering Free Spins with Jackpots available. Jackpots are available only when Free Spins are triggered by the Gold Token. 7 Free Spins are randomly triggered by the Gold Token, unless triggered with the Free Spins Bonus Feature. Jackpot values scale with bet changes. Jackpots Jackpot Colored Overlays The Jackpot Bonus Feature can be triggered for a chance to win 1 or more of the Jackpots. All Jackpots except Grand can be won multiple times. Each Jackpot has a color that corresponds to an overlay that can randomly appear over symbols in the Free Spins. Revealed Mystery Symbols may include colored Jackpot Overlays. Jackpot Overlays are collected into corresponding Jackpot meters. Once a Jackpot meter is flled, the associated Jackpot prize is awarded. Once a Jackpot has been awarded, that specifc Jackpot resets to its starting value. Subsequent awards of the same Jackpot pay out the starting value. The Paytable displays the starting value of each jackpot. Jackpot Colored Overlay symbols appear in the Jackpot Bonus Feature only. POWER COMBO™ Free Spins The POWER COMBO™ feature can trigger Free Spins with any combination of Bonus Features. Bonus Features include Free Spins Bonus Feature, Multiplier Bonus Feature, and Jackpot Bonus Feature. Any combination of Tokens can be collected for a chance to trigger the feature. All lines played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. The graphical collection pots in the game are purely for visual entertainment and as such does not infuence awarding a Bonus Feature. Wild Symbols Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Mystery symbols. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. A bet amount must be set before starting the Autoplay session, as Autoplay plays with the last bet value. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Triggering any feature will stop Autoplay. This feature is available in base game only. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Game Controls Spin Button: Starts a reel spin. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Bet Decrease button: Decreases the current bet. Bet Increase button: Increases the current bet. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. AutoPlay Stop button: Displays the number of spins remaining and can stop the session. This does not infuence the results of the spin. Exit button: Exits the game. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Return button: Returns to the game. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Help button: Displays help and additional information. Game History button: Displays game win history information. Cashier button: Displays the cashier page. Lobby button: Exits the game Settings button: Displays the game settings. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Sounds: Disables game sounds. Game Settings The Settings panel provides access to multiple game settings. Credits: Displays the current balances. The balance is displayed in currency and is available in the console bar. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Bet Amount: Sets the current bet value. Bet Value buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Max Bet button: Sets the current bet to the maximum value. Win: Displays the most recent win. Once the reels stop, winning combinations are highlighted. The win amount is displayed in the win box. Music: Enables game music. All Sounds setting controls all sounds, including game and background sounds. Game Sounds setting controls console and spin sounds, as well as sounds for winning combinations and sequences. (Only enabled if All Sounds is ON.) Background Music setting controls background music. (Only enabled if All Sounds is ON.) The spin button can be repositioned by selecting it and choosing a preferred position. Spacebar: Pressing this keyboard button starts or stops a spin. This does not infuence the result of the spin. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet confguration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. This feature is only available in selected games. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 7/15/2025