Arena of Gold Shields of Glory POWER COMBO About this game This is a 5 reel 4 row video slot game. There are 5 reels, 6 rows in Free Spins. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the payline cost of 10. Payline Rules This game includes 40 paylines in the base game, and 60 paylines in Free Spins. The number of paylines played is fixed. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Payout Rules Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins resulting from a spin. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The win over value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. Wild Symbols Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Scatters, Hourglass and Coin symbols. This symbol appears on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 only. This symbol does not have a payout. Scatter Symbols All 3 differently coloured Scatters are available in the base game. The game has 3 different coloured Scatter symbols: purple, red and blue. This symbol does not have a payout. The graphical collection of Scatter symbols in this game is purely for visual entertainment and as such does not influence triggering the features nor the level of the power.. Free Spins Each Scatter symbol may trigger its individual Free Spins feature. Different coloured Scatter symbols on the same spin may trigger Free Spins with combined features. 6 Free Spins are awarded. Each Hourglass symbol that lands awards an extra Free Spin. Hourglass symbols appear in Free Spins only. This symbol appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. This symbol does not have a payout. Free Spins play out automatically. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. This feature includes 60 paylines. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. When Free Spins have finished, then any activated power is reset. Free Spins Triggered by the Purple Scatter Symbol When the purple Scatter lands in the base game, it may increase the number of Wild reels for Free Spins. The displayed number of Wild reels for Free Spins with Wild Power determines the number of Wild reels for the Free Spins session when it starts. In the base game, the number of Wild reels for Free Spins with Wild Power may grow to 15. The purple Scatter symbol may trigger Free Spins with the Wild Power feature. During Free Spins with Wild Power, there can be up to 3 Wild reels per spin. When Hourglass symbol lands, it adds 1 Wild reel for the current Free Spins session. When the Free Spins with Wild Power are completed, the number of Wild reels per Free Spins session is reset to 3. Free Spins Triggered by the Red Scatter Symbol When the red Scatter lands in the base game, it may randomly increase Mini, Minor or Major Jackpot. Mini Jackpot starts at 10x bet and is increased by 5x bet. The maximum value of Mini Jackpot is 35x bet. Minor Jackpot starts at 20x bet and is increased by 10x bet. The maximum value of Minor Jackpot is 70x bet. Major Jackpot starts at 250x bet and is increased by 50x bet. The maximum value of Major Jackpot is 500x bet. The Grand Jackpot awards 10 000x total bet. Grand Jackpot cannot be increased. The red Scatter symbol may trigger Free Spins with the Jackpot Power feature. Each jackpot is represented by a differently coloured label next to the reels. Each jackpot label has individual container next to it. The Coin symbol can reveal a coloured Coin symbol or a cash prize. The cash prize can be 1x or 10x total bet. When 5 red Coin symbols are collected, the Grand Jackpot is awarded. When 5 purple Coin symbols are collected, the Major Jackpot is awarded. When 5 green Coin symbols are collected, the Minor Jackpot is awarded. When 4 blue Coin symbols are collected, the Mini Jackpot is awarded. When the Free Spins with Jackpot Power are completed, the all Jackpot values are reset to minimum and individual Jackpot containers are cleared. Free Spins Triggered by the Blue Scatter Symbol When the blue Scatter lands in the base game, it may increase the line win multiplier for Free Spins. The displayed multiplier for Free Spins with Multiplier Power determines the payline win multiplier for the Free Spins session when it starts. The multiplier may grow to 15x. The blue Scatter symbol may trigger Free Spins with the Multiplier Power feature. During the Free Spins with Multiplier Power, all payline wins are multiplied by the displayed multiplier. Multiplier is not applied to Jackpots and cash prizes. When the Free Spins with Multiplier Power are completed, the multiplier resets to 3x. Free Spins with Combined Features When different coloured Scatter symbols land in the base game or during Free Spins, Free Spins with combined features may be triggered. Purple Scatter and blue Scatter may trigger 6 Free Spins with Wild Power and Multiplier Power. Red Scatter and blue Scatter may trigger 6 Free Spins with Jackpot Power and Multiplier Power. Purple Scatter and red Scatter may trigger 6 Free Spins with Wild Power and Jackpot Power. Purple Scatter, red Scatter and blue Scatter may trigger 6 Free Spins with Wild Power, Jackpot Power and Multiplier Power. Translation of Game Terms GRAND, Grand Jackpot - Grand jackpot. MAJOR, Major Jackpot - Major jackpot. MINOR, Minor Jackpot - Minor jackpot. MINI, Mini Jackpot - Mini jackpot. Wild Power - Wild Power feature Jackpot Power - Jackpot Power feature Multiplier Power - Multiplier Power feature Autoplay Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. This feature is available in base game only. Autoplay Settings Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. Bet Settings Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Bet Amount: Sets the current bet value. Game Controls Balance: Displays the current balances. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Menu button: Displays a menu of general system and game options. Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Pressing the Spin button during the current spin stops the reels quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Continue button: Advances to the next screen. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Pressing the Spin button during AutoPlay ends the current Autoplay session. Home button: Exits the game. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of additional game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired, the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Last modification date: 7/1/2025