9 Mad Hats About this Game ´üČ This is a 5 reel, 3 row video slot game. ´üČ The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form winning combinations. The payout is dependent on the winning combinations formed. ´üČ Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Playing the Game ´üČ The balance is displayed in currency and is available in the console bar. ´üČ Select the spin button to spin the reels. ´üČ Select the stop button to stop the current reel spin. This can also be done by selecting the reels. This does not influence the results of the spin. ´üČ Once the reels stop, winning combinations are highlighted. The win amount is displayed in the win box. ´üČ If there is no winning combination, the game is completed. Payline Rules ´üČ The number of paylines played is fixed. ´üČ A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. ´üČ Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. ´üČ Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. ´üČ This game includes 20 paylines. ´üČ To calculate the Line Bet, pide the Total Bet by the number of fixed paylines. ´üČ All line wins are multiplied by the bet per line. Payout Rules ´üČ The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. ´üČ Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. ´üČ The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. ´üČ The total payout is the sum of all payline wins and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. ´üČ If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. Wild Symbols ´üČ The Wild symbol is a wild symbol. ´üČ The Wild symbol can substitute for all symbols except the Epic StrikeÔäó and Free Spin symbols. Epic StrikeÔäó Symbol ´üČ The Epic StrikeÔäó symbol is a scatter symbol. ´üČ 3 or more Epic StrikeÔäó symbols appearing anywhere on screen pays out. ´üČ Only the highest win amount paid for scatter symbol combination. ´üČ Epic StrikeÔäó symbol pays are calculated by multiplying by total bet. ´üČ Epic StrikeÔäó symbol wins are added to line wins. ´üČ Epic StrikeÔäó symbols cannot be substituted by the Wild symbols. Free Spins ´üČ The Free Spin symbol is a scatter symbol. ´üČ 3 Free Spin symbols pays out and triggers a spin of the Free Spin Wheel. ´üČ The wheel will spin once and award a single wedge containing a number of free spins and a multiplier. ´üČ All line wins and Free Spin symbol wins during Free Spins will be multiplied by the wheel multiplier. ´üČ During Free Spins, Epic StrikeÔäó Symbol wins are not multiplied by the wheel multiplier. ´üČ Retriggering will grant additional free spins equal to the amount initially awarded and at the same multiplier level. ´üČ All bets played in Free Spins are the same as the spin that triggered the Free Spins feature. ´üČ Free Spin symbols appear on reels 2, 3, and 4 only. ´üČ Free Spin Symbol pays are calculated by multiplying by total bet. ´üČ Free Spin symbol wins are added to line wins. ´üČ Free Spin symbols cannot be substituted by the Wild symbols. Autoplay ´üČ Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. ´üČ A bet amount must be set before starting the Autoplay session, as Autoplay plays with the last bet value. ´üČ Autoplay can be stopped at any time. This does not influence the results of the spin. ´üČ Triggering the Free Spin feature will stop Autoplay. ´üČ Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. ´üČ Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. ´üČ Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Bet Selection ´üČ Each spin played costs a total bet amount. ´üČ Select the bet on a mobile device by selecting Bet in the console bar or by selecting the Bet icon. ´üČ Select the bet in desktop with the Increment and Decrement icons on the console bar. Also, select the bet from the Main Menu using the Bet icon, or by selecting the bet area. Settings ´üČ The Settings panel provides access to multiple game settings. ´üČ To access the Settings panel, open the Main Menu and select the Settings icon. ´üČ Choose which settings to turn on or off. ´üČ Intro Screen setting displays the intro screen at startup. ´üČ Quick Spin setting increases the speed of the slot reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. ´üČ All Sounds setting controls all sounds, including game and background sounds. ´üČ Game Sounds setting controls console and spin sounds, as well as sounds for winning combinations and sequences. (Only enabled if All Sounds is ON.) ´üČ Background Music setting controls background music. (Only enabled if All Sounds is ON.) Additional Information ´üČ Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. ´üČ Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. ´üČ If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. ´üČ In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. ´üČ Malfunction voids all pays and plays. ´üČ The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. ´üČ The results of the last game played are displayed. ´üČ Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Return to Player ´üČ The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. ´üČ Values are calculated initially by piding the total possible payouts by the total possible outcomes that are available within the game. ´üČ Values reflect the maximum expected return and do not change. ´üČ Overall RTP: 94.06%. Last modification date: 12/20/2022