Dragons Erupt About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. This game includes 20 paylines. Big Bounty™ Free Spins Green Power Orb Purple Power Orb Green and purple power orbs can land on the base game reels. Power orbs do not appear in free spins. Green and purple power orbs are collected into the respective green and purple statues. When a power orb is collected, it can either: • Do nothing • Crack the statue • Increase the respective Big Bounty win or Big Bounty level • Smash open a statue Smashing a statue will trigger its free spins feature. Green power orbs being collected can increase the number of Big Bounty wins available in the green dragon free spins by 1. A maximum of 5 green dragon Big Bounty wins can be stored. Green dragon Big Bounty wins are wins in free spins that are 10x or more than your triggering bet. When the green statue is smashed the green dragon free spins will begin. Green dragon free spins will continue until the number of stored Big Bounty wins is achieved, after which the free spins will end. Purple power orbs being collected can increase the level of a single Big Bounty win available in the purple dragon free spins by an additional 2x. 30x is the maximum Big Bounty level that can be achieved. The Big Bounty level is a multiple of your bet used to qualify wins as a Big Bounty win. Any win at or higher than the current Big Bounty level will qualify as a Big Bounty win. When the purple statue is smashed the purple dragon free spins will begin. Purple dragon free spins will continue until a Big Bounty win equal to, or higher than the triggering level is achieved, after which the free spins will end. Smashing both statues at the same time which will trigger the combined free spins feature. The combined free spins will continue until the triggering number of green dragon Big Bounty wins set at the purple dragon Big Bounty level is achieved, after which the free spins will end. Collected Big Bounty wins are reset to the base value of 1 after the green dragon free spins end. Collected Big Bounty level increases are reset to the base value of 10x when the purple dragon free spins end. Collected Big Bounty wins and Big Bounty level increases are reset after the combined dragons’ free spins end. All bets and lines played are the same as the spin that triggered the feature. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Free Spins play out automatically. Free Spins cannot be re-triggered. Extra Wilds In the base game, while the reels are spinning between 3-15 Wild symbols can randomly appear and land in any position before the reels stop. During free spins, the feature starts with 3 collected Extra Wilds. While the reels are spinning the collected Extra Wilds can randomly appear and land in any position. A maximum of 15 extra wilds can be collected during free spins. Up to 5 wilds can land on the same reel position. If 2, 3, 4 or 5 Wilds land on the same reel position, the Wild position will respectively award a 2x, 3x, 4x, or 5x win multiplier when substituting and completing winning combinations. After extra wilds are awarded an additional 1 extra wild is collected on the following spin. When more than one Wild with a win multiplier contributes to a line win, the win multipliers are added together. Money Tree Bonus Gold Coin Gold coins landing collect into the money tree. Any gold coin collecting can randomly trigger the money tree bonus. Any gold coin collecting can randomly increase either the MAJOR, MAXI, MINOR or MINI jackpot. A random amount between 0.5x - 4x your bet will be added to the respective jackpot. GRAND is fixed at 5000x your bet. MEGA is fixed at 500x your bet. MAJOR starts at 100x and can be increased to 250x your bet. MAXI starts at 25x and can be increased to 100x your bet. MINOR starts at 15x and can be increased to 50x your bet. MINI starts at 5x and can be increased to 25x your bet. After winning a jackpot that has been increased, the jackpot will reset to its base value. During the money tree bonus, interacting with the tree will fill the jackpot bowls with coins. The fullest jackpot bowl will award the winning jackpot and the game will end. If this bonus is triggered during free spins, it will start after the spins have ended. Wild Symbols Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except power orbs and gold coins Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the payline cost of 10. Payline Rules This game includes 20 paylines. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. The number of paylines played is fixed. Only the highest win is paid per line. Payout Rules Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins resulting from a spin. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Autoplay Some settings and features may not be available in this game. This feature is available in the base game only. Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Selecting an autoplay option button will set the number of spins and start Autoplay. AutoPlay plays with the last bet value you selected, so you must select a bet amount before starting AutoPlay. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Autoplay Options AutoPlay options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. Number of spins: Set the number of spins you want to play. Bet settings: Set the bet amount you want to play. Until stop: Set the session to play until you select to stop. This does not influence the results of the spin. Stop if a win exceeds or equals: Stop the session if the win exceeds or equals the amount selected. Win Limit or If win at least: Stop the session if the win exceeds or equals the amount selected. Loss Limit or If amount drops by: Stop the session if your balance decreases and drops below or equals the amount selected. Stop once all spins are complete: Stop after playing the number of spins selected. Stop on any win: Stop the session if you win on a spin. Stop if credits increase by: Stop the session if your balance increases and exceeds or equals the amount selected. Stop if credits decrease by: Stop the session if your balance decreases and drops below or equals the amount selected. Stop on a feature: Stops if Free Spins or another bonus feature is activated. Bet Settings Quick Bet: Displays a range of quick betting options to select your total bet amount. Advanced: (+) or (-) Selects the total amount you want to bet. Max Bet button: Sets the current bet to the maximum value. Bet options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Balance: Displays the current balances. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Game Menu Close button: Closes the game menu. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Banking button: Displays the banking page. Help button: Displays help and additional information. Home button: Exits the game. Game Settings Sounds: Enables game sounds. Quickspin: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of additional game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to accept the offer and begin playing. Only one offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the offer. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired, the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. This feature is only available in selected games. Translation of Game Terms GRAND : GRAND MEGA : MEGA MAJOR : MAJOR MAXI : MAXI MINOR : MINOR MINI : MINI Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Return to player for this game is 94%. Last modification date: 2/3/2026