Count It Up About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the number of paylines played. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed on each payline played. Payline Rules This game includes 20 paylines. The number of paylines played is fixed. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Payline wins are awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payout Rules Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Wild Symbols Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Scatter and Repayit™ symbols. Wild symbols do not appear on reel 1 during base game. Wild symbols appear in the base game and Free Spins. This symbol does not have a payout. Scatter Symbols Castle symbols are Scatter symbols. Scatters can create their own winning combination when landing anywhere on the reels. Repayit™ Repayit™ symbols appear on all reels. Blue Repayit™ symbols and Pink Repayit™ symbols are Repayit™ symbols. 6 or more Repayit™ symbols trigger the Repayit™ feature. All Repayit™ symbols are held and 3 respins awarded. Additional Repayit™ symbols that land, are held, and respins reset to 3. The Repayit™ feature contains special reels with Repayit™ symbols and blank positions only. At the start of the Repayit™ feature, each Repayit™ symbol reveals either a cash prize up to 50x bet, Major, Minor, Maxi or Mini. The remaining symbol positions respin for another chance to win. Land additional Blue Repayit™ symbols to award the total of all prizes already revealed on the Repayit™ symbols. These additional Blue Repayit™ symbols will then reveal either a cash prize up to 50x bet, Major, Minor, Maxi or Mini that can be won if further Repayit™ symbols land in subsequent spins. If a Pink Repayit™ symbol lands, the total of all prizes already revealed on Repayit™ symbols are awarded up to 5x. This Pink Repayit™ symbol will then turn into a Blue Repayit™ symbol and reveal either a cash prize up to 50x bet, Major, Minor, Maxi or Mini that can be won if further Repayit™ symbols land in subsequent spins. The Repayit™ feature ends when no respins remain or all reel positions are filled. If no additional Repayit™ symbols land during the Repayit™ feature, the initial prizes on Repayit™ symbols are awarded. The Repayit™ feature can be triggered in base game and Free Spins. 15 Repayit™ symbols award the Mega. The Mega is added to the sum of the prizes awarded on the Repayit™ Feature. Wild Pick Bonus 1 or more Wild symbols randomly trigger the Wild Pick Bonus. Match 3 icons to win the corresponding prize. Wild Pick Bonus can be won during base game and Free Spins. Free Spins 3,4 or 5 Scatters trigger 10,15 or 20 Free Spins respectively. Door symbols appear on all reels during the Free Spins feature. All Door symbols will randomly reveal one of the other symbols except the Scatter. Free Spins can be retriggered during Free Spins. Repayit™ feature and Wild Pick Bonus can be won during Free Spins. All bets and lines played are the same as the spin that triggered the feature. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. A click or tap on the reels stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay start button: Starts Autoplay session. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Fast Play button: Toggles Fast Play on or off. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Bet Increase button: Increases the current bet. Bet Decrease button: Decreases the current bet. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Balance: Displays the current balances. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Game Menu Menu button: Displays additional game options. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Close button: Closes the game menu. Game Settings Sounds: Enables game sounds. Music: Enables game music. Sound Effects: Toggles the game's sound effects on or off. Intro Screen: Toggles the introductory screen on or off. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. This feature is available in base game only. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Fast Play button: Toggles to turn Fast Play on or off to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. This feature is only available in selected games. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Values are calculated initially by dividing the total possible payouts by the total possible outcomes that are available within the game. Values reflect the average expected return and do not change. RTP: 94.02%. Last modification date: 10/9/2023