Gold Blitz Express About this Game This is a 6 reel, 4 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Way Rules This game includes 4096 ways. A way is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other in this pattern. Way wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the ways played. The bet multiplier is 10. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the way cost of 10. Payout Rules Way win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The total payout is the sum of all way wins and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. If multiple winning combinations land on a single way, only the highest win is awarded. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Wild Symbol Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wild symbols substitutes for all symbols except Scatter, Blitz Express, Cash, and Collect symbols. The Wild symbol appears on reels 2, 3, 4, 5, and 6 in the base game. This symbol does not have a payout. Blitz Express Feature Land the Blitz Express symbol to trigger the feature. The Blitz Express symbol can appear on reel 6 in the base game, Free Spins and Gold Blitz. This feature awards 5 to 20 prizes in any combination of Cash prizes and Jackpots. Cash prize values range from 0.5x to 9x the bet. Every Cash prize and Jackpot collected is awarded. Each Jackpot can be awarded multiple times in the Blitz Express. Jackpot values scale with bet changes. If the Blitz Express and the Bonus Choice trigger simultaneously in the base game, the Blitz Express feature plays first. This feature and Gold Blitz Respins cannot be triggered simultaneously in the base game. This feature and Rising Rewards Instant Win Jackpot cannot be triggered simultaneously in the base game. Rising Rewards Instant Win Jackpot Token Accumulate tokens to increase the Instant Win Jackpot. Tokens can appear over the above symbols. Tokens can appear over blank positions during the Gold Blitz feature. The Jackpot increases by 0.1x to 0.5x the bet with every token accumulated. The Jackpot value increases until the Max value is reached. The increased Jackpot value is retained across individual player sessions, until awarded. The probability of triggering the Instant Win Jackpot decreases as the Jackpot value increases. The Jackpot can be triggered by any accumulated token and can only be won once per spin. The Jackpot can be awarded in the base game, Free Spins and Gold Blitz. Once the Jackpot has been awarded, it resets to its starting value. The Paytable displays the starting and maximum values of the Jackpot. The Jackpot value scales with bet changes. This feature cannot trigger during the Gold Blitz Respins or the Blitz Express feature. The graphical collection pot in the game is purely for visual entertainment and as such does not influence awarding a Jackpot. Collect Feature Collect symbol Cash symbol The Collect symbol appears on reels 1 and 6 in base game and Gold Blitz. Cash symbols appear on all reels in base game and Gold Blitz. The feature triggers when a Collect symbol and a Cash symbol land. Each Collect symbol awards all landed Cash symbols. Cash symbol values range from 0.5x to 9x the bet. Cash and Collect symbols do not appear in Free Spins. Bonus Choice Scatter symbol Scatter symbols appear on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. Scatters can create their own winning combination when landing anywhere on the reels. 3 or more Scatters award a payout and a bonus choice. 3 Scatter symbols award 1x the bet and a choice between 8 Free Spins or 5 spins in Gold Blitz. 4 Scatter symbols award 2x the bet and a choice between 12 Free Spins or 7 spins in Gold Blitz. Free Spins This feature is a Bonus Choice selection. Expanding Wild symbol Expanding Wilds can appear on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 in Free Spins. Each Expanding Wild that is part of a ways win expands to fill the entire reel it landed on. Way wins are awarded after Expanding Wilds have completed expansion and filled the reel. Expanding Wilds substitute for all symbols except the Scatter and Blitz Express symbols. During Free Spins, 2, 3 or 4 Scatter symbols award 5, 8, or 12 additional Free Spins, respectively. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Free Spins play out automatically. The Cash and Collect symbols do not appear in Free Spins. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. All ways played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. If the Blitz Express and the Rising Rewards Instant Win Jackpot trigger simultaneously in Free Spins, the Rising Rewards Instant Win Jackpot plays first. Gold Blitz This feature is a Bonus Choice selection. Only Collect, Cash and Blitz Express symbols appear in the Gold Blitz feature. All other reel positions are blank. Each Collect symbol that lands accumulates on the Accumulation Trail. For every 3 Collect symbols accumulated, the Cash symbol multiplier increases and additional Gold Blitz spins are awarded. The increased Cash symbol multiplier is applied to subsequent Gold Blitz spins. The Cash symbol multiplier applies to all Cash symbol values collected. When 0 to 2 Collect symbols are accumulated, the Cash symbol multiplier is 1x. When 3 Collect symbols are accumulated, 5 additional spins are awarded and the Cash symbol multiplier increases to 2x. When 6 Collect symbols are accumulated, 4 additional spins are awarded and the Cash symbol multiplier increases to 3x. When 9 Collect symbols are accumulated, 3 additional spins are awarded and the Cash symbol multiplier increases to 4x. When the maximum of 12 Collect symbols are accumulated, 2 additional spins are awarded and the Cash symbol multiplier increases to 5x. Up to 14 additional Gold Blitz spins can be awarded by the Accumulation Trail. The Accumulation Trail resets at the beginning of each Gold Blitz feature. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered the feature. If the Blitz Express and the Rising Rewards Instant Win Jackpot trigger simultaneously in Gold Blitz, the Rising Rewards Instant Win Jackpot plays first. Gold Blitz Respins 1 respin is awarded when Collect symbols land on reels 1 and 6, no Cash symbols land, and the Bonus Choice is not triggered. Reels 1 and 6 lock, and reels 2 - 5 respin with Cash symbols and blank positions. 1 or more Cash symbols are guaranteed to land. Up to 2 additional respins can be randomly awarded. Any way wins are awarded before the feature begins. This feature is available in the base game only. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered the feature. All wins are paid out once the feature is complete. Tokens do not appear over blank positions during Gold Blitz Respins. Bonus Buy Use the Bonus Buy to purchase Free Spins or Gold Blitz. The Bonus Buy feature options available are: 3 Scatter symbols award 8 Free Spins or 5 Spins in Gold Blitz. 4 Scatter symbols award 12 Free Spins or 7 Spins in Gold Blitz. Features are purchased at the prices displayed. 3 Scatter Bonus Buy is purchased at 100x bet. 4 Scatter Bonus Buy is purchased at 300x bet. Free Spins and Gold Blitz features are played at the current bet. The feature ends after the final Free Spins or Gold Blitz spin has completed. This feature is available in the base game only. Bonus Buy or some Bonus Buy options may not be available above a certain bet threshold. This feature may not be available in all regions. Bonus Recharge Bonus Recharge offers the option to continue playing the Gold Blitz feature when it is complete. Continue playing at the cost displayed or end the Gold Blitz feature and return to the base game. Bonus Recharge is available in the Gold Blitz feature only. The offer includes the same conditions available in the Gold Blitz feature. The feature is played at the current bet. Bonus Recharge may be limited or inaccessible when the bet exceeds a specified amount. The number of times Bonus Recharge can be activated is determined by the region. Bonus Recharge may not be available in all regions. Win Booster Activating Win Booster doubles the chance to trigger the Bonus Choice, Blitz Express, Rising Rewards Instant Win Jackpot, Collect Feature and Gold Blitz Respins in the base game. Win Booster can be activated or deactivated in the base game. The Win Booster is activated at the price displayed. The boosted bet consists of the base bet plus an extra bet. The base bet is the total bet without the Win Booster activated. The extra bet is equal to 1x the base bet. When Win Booster is activated, all payouts are based on the base bet. Activating this feature does not affect Cash symbol, Jackpot or Rising Rewards Instant Win Jackpot values, including any increases from accumulated tokens. This feature may not be available above a certain bet threshold. This feature may not be available in all regions. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. Spins are played at the current selected bet. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. This feature is available in the base game only. Triggering the Blitz Express or Bonus Choice stops Autoplay. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Game Controls Bet: Displays the current total bet. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Bet Decrease button: Decreases the current bet. Bet Increase button: Increases the current bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Quickspin button: Disables Quickspin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Select anywhere on the reels to stop the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Balance: Displays the current balances. Credits: Displays the current balances. Video button: Displays In-game information. Exit button: Exits the game. Spacebar: Pressing this keyboard button starts or stops a spin. This does not influence the result of the spin. Turbo Spin button: Enables Turbo Spin to resolve spins at the fastest speed. This does not influence the results of the spin. Game Menu Menu button: Displays additional game options. Home button: Exits the game. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Help button: Displays help and additional information. Win History button: Displays game win history information. Banking button: Displays the banking page. Close button: Closes the game menu. Lobby button: Exits the game. Return button: Returns to the game. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Spin Button Position button: Repositions spin button location. Bet Settings Bet Amount: Sets the current bet value. Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Max Bet button: Sets the current bet to the maximum value. Game Settings Spin Speed: Select Normal, Quick Spin or Turbo Spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. All Sounds: Controls all sounds, including game and background sounds. Game Sounds: Controls in-game sounds. (Only enabled if All Sounds is ON.) Background Music: Controls background music. (Only enabled if All Sounds is ON.) Voice Overs: Controls voice sounds. (Only enabled if All Sounds is ON.) Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of additional game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. This feature is only available in selected games. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. In-game videos are computerised for demonstration purposes. The probability of triggering certain game events may change during gameplay depending on the current game state or progress. RTP: 94.2% Last modification date: 3/17/2026