Sky Raiders Power Combo About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. In Free Spins, there can be up to 6 active rows. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Way Rules This game includes 243 ways in the base game. This game includes up to 7776 ways in the Free Spins. A way is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other in this pattern. Way wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the way cost of 10. Payout Rules Way win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The total payout is the sum of all way wins resulting from a spin. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The win over value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. Wild Symbols Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Scatters and Coin symbols. Wild symbols appear on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. Wild symbols do not have a payout. Scatter Symbols The game has 3 different coloured Scatter symbols: green, golden and purple. All 3 differently coloured Scatters are available in the base game. The coloured Scatter that has triggered Free Spins is removed from the reels for the duration of that Free Spins game. This symbol does not have a payout. The graphical collection of Scatter symbols in this game is purely for visual entertainment and as such does not influence triggering the features. Free Spins Each Scatter symbol can trigger its individual Free Spins feature. Different coloured Scatter symbols on the same spin can trigger Free Spins with combined features. 8 Free Spins are awarded. There are 5 reels, 4 rows and 1024 ways in Free Spins with 1 active feature. There are 5 reels, 5 rows and 3125 ways in Free Spins with 2 active features. There are 5 reels, 6 rows and 7776 ways in Free Spins with 3 active features. Free Spins cannot be retriggered, but when extra feature is added, the amount of remaining Free Spins is reset to 8. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Free Spins play out automatically. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Free Spins Triggered by the Green Scatter Symbol The green Scatter symbol can trigger Free Spins with the Wild Power feature. When a Wild symbol lands, it converts the symbols above and below itself to Wild. Converting to Wild happens only in the visible reel area. Free Spins Triggered by the Purple Scatter Symbol The purple Scatter symbol can trigger Free Spins with the Rolling Power feature. Rolling Power triggers Rolling Reels™ feature after any ways win. Winning symbols are removed from the reels and replaced with new random symbols. If new winning combinations are formed, the Rolling Reels™ feature triggers again. The feature continues until no winning combinations are present on the reels. Free Spins Triggered by the Golden Scatter Symbol The golden Scatter symbol can trigger Free Spins with the Jackpot Power feature. The cash prize can be 1x or 10x total bet. Each jackpot label has individual container next to it. The containers collect differently coloured dollar symbols. When the container gets full, the respective prize is awarded. 5 red dollar symbols award Grand Jackpot. 5 yellow dollar symbols award Major Jackpot. 5 green dollar symbols award Minor Jackpot. 4 blue dollar symbols award Mini Jackpot. The Grand Jackpot awards 10 000x total bet. The Major Jackpot awards 500x total bet. The Minor Jackpot awards 50x total bet. The Mini Jackpot awards 25x total bet. When the Free Spins are complete, the collected dollar symbols will be dismissed. When the Free Spins with green Scatter are triggered again, the collection of dollar symbols is started all over. Free Spins with Combined Features When different coloured Scatter symbols land in the base game or during Free Spins, Free Spins with combined features can be triggered. When the combined features are triggered during active Free Spins session, Free Spins with combined features are started immediately. Several Scatters of the same kind do not add Free Spins nor enhance the feature. When the Free Spins game with Jackpot Power is in progress and additional feature is added, the dollar symbol collection continues. Buy Feature This feature is available in base game only. Activating this feature will instantly trigger the Free Spins feature. 35x current bet triggers Free Spins with Wild Power. 35x current bet triggers Free Spins with Rolling Power. 50x current bet triggers Free Spins with Jackpot Power. 80x current bet triggers Free Spins with Wild Power and Rolling Power. 80x current bet triggers Free Spins with Wild Power and Jackpot Power. 80x current bet triggers Free Spins with Rolling Power and Jackpot Power. 110x current bet triggers Free Spins with Wild Power, Rolling Power and Jackpot Power. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. This feature is available in base game only. Autoplay Settings Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. Bet Settings Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Bet Amount: Sets the current bet value. Game Controls Balance: Displays the current balances. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Menu button: Displays a menu of general system and game options. Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Pressing the Spin button during the current spin stops the reels quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Continue button: Advances to the next screen. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Pressing the Spin button during AutoPlay ends the current Autoplay session. Home button: Exits the game. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Last modification date: 11/7/2024