Amazing Link Zeus About this Game • This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. • The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. • Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Bet Rules • Each spin played costs a total bet amount. • The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the number of paylines played. • The total bet is based on the initial bet placed on each payline played. Payline Rules • This game includes 20 paylines. • The number of paylines played is fixed. • A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. • A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. • Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Payout Rules • The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. • Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. • If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. • Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. • The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. • The total payout is the sum of all payline wins resulting from a spin. Game Controls Fast Play Active Indicator: Indicates when Fast Play is Spin button: Starts a reel Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. The following describes the functions for each of the buttons found on the game interface. Play button: Continues the Game Menu button: Displays the game settings and game payout Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay Autoplay start button: Starts Autoplay Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay Bet Increase button: Increases the current bet up to the next highest available Bet Decrease button: Decreases the current bet down to the next lowest available bet. Double Up button: Starts the Double Up Return to Game button: Stops the Double Up feature and returns to the base game. The Double Up feature is still Game Menu System Menu button: Displays additional system Help button: Displays help and additional Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game Bet button: Displays the bet Settings button: Displays the game Return to Game button: Closes the Game Menu and returns to the base Additional Information • Some settings and features may not be available in this game. • Malfunction voids all pays and plays. • In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. • The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. • The results of the last game played are displayed. • If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. • Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Wild Symbols • Zeus symbols are Wild symbols. • Zeus symbols can substitute for all symbols except Bonus and Amazing symbols. • Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. Amazing Link™ Feature • 6 or more Amazing symbols anywhere on the reels trigger this feature. • 3 free respins are awarded. • Triggering Amazing symbols are locked in place while all other symbol positions respin. • Any additional Amazing symbols that land are locked in place and reset the remaining respins to 3. • The feature ends when all positions are filled or respins are finished. • Amazing symbol prize values are based on total bet. • All prizes are awarded at the end of the feature. • The MEGA prize is awarded when all positions are filled with Amazing symbols. Free Spins • Bonus symbols appear in base game only. • Bonus symbols appear on reel 1, 3 and 5 only. • Bonus symbols do not have a payout. • 3 Bonus symbols anywhere on the reels trigger this feature. • 10 Free Spins are awarded. • All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. • All lines played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. • Free Spins cannot be retriggered. • Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. • On each spin, 1 reel is randomly selected to contain only Gold Amazing symbols. • Gold Amazing symbols can substitute for all symbols except Bonus symbols. Zeus Pick Feature • This feature can trigger after any spin or Amazing Link™ feature in base game only. • Amazing symbols that land during the base game collect above the reels. • Collected symbols can randomly trigger the Zeus Pick feature. • Match 3 icons to win the respective prize. • If the Amazing Link™ feature triggers during the base game, all Amazing symbols collect when the feature completes. Return to Player • The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. • This value is fixed and does not change. • This game has an RTP of 96.33%. Last modification date: 3/16/2021