Cats of the Caribbean About this Game ´üČ The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. ´üČ Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. ´üČ This game is played with credits only. ´üČ There are 5 reels, 3 rows in base game. ´üČ There are 5 reels, 4 rows in Free Spins. ´üČ The spins within the Captain Red Free Spins feature, Captain Catnip Free Spins feature and Captain Claw Free Spins features will be called Free Spins. Return to Player ´üČ Values reflect the average expected return and do not change. ´üČ Overall RTP: 94.00%. ´üČ Values are calculated initially by piding the total payouts by the total bets from a simulation of numerous game rounds. ´üČ This game has an RTP of 94.20% when buying the Captain Catnip Free Spins feature. ´üČ This game has an RTP of 94.25% when buying the Captain Red Free Spins feature. ´üČ The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Bet Rules ´üČ Each spin played costs a total bet amount. Payline Rules ´üČ A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. ´üČ A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. ´üČ Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. ´üČ This game includes 20 paylines in base game, and 30 paylines in Free Spins. ´üČ The number of paylines played is fixed. Payout Rules ´üČ Wins are multiplied by the total bet. ´üČ The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. ´üČ The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. ´üČ Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. ´üČ Coinciding wins on different paylines are added to the win. ´üČ Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. ´üČ If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. ´üČ The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. ´üČ The total payout is the sum of all payline wins and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. Payout Limit ´üČ This game has a payout limit of 10 000x bet ´üČ All subsequent wins during the spin will be capped. ´üČ The win count-up will continue to the payout limit of this game. ´üČ If Free Spins are being played, all remaining Free Spins will be forfeited and the game will continue to the feature outro modal screen. ´üČ The payout limit can be reached in the Cat Pots Bonus Feature. Wild Symbols ´üČ Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Free Spins and Cat Pots Bonus symbols. ´üČ Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. ´üČ Wild symbols can have a multiplier value up to 5x in the Wild Cannon feature or during any of the Free Spins features. ´üČ If a win includes several Wild symbols, the multiplier values are all added together. Wild Cannon Feature ´üČ Collecting Wild symbols grants a chance of triggering the Wild Cannon feature. ´üČ Wild Cannon feature can trigger randomly on any spin awarding between 2-15 Wild symbols during one spin. ´üČ Wild symbols are placed randomly on the reels and can be placed in same position several times creating a multiplier Wild symbol. Captain Red Free Spins Feature ´üČ Captain Red Free Spins is a Free Spins feature. ´üČ Free Spins symbols appear in base game only. ´üČ Free Spins symbols appear on reels 1,3 and 5 only. ´üČ Free Spins symbols on both reels 1 and 3 and a Captain Red Free Spins symbol on reel 5 triggers this feature. ´üČ The feature awards 15 Free Spins and 90 guaranteed wilds during the awarded spins. ´üČ For each spin, Wild symbols are placed randomly on the reels and can be placed in same position several times creating a multiplier Wild symbol. ´üČ Free Spins cannot be retriggered. ´üČ All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. ´üČ Free Spins play out automatically. ´üČ The Free Spins are free to the player. ´üČ The feature ends when there are no remaining free spins left. ´üČ Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Captain Catnip Free Spins Feature ´üČ Captain Catnip Free Spins is a Free Spins feature. ´üČ Free Spins symbols appear in base game only. ´üČ Free Spins symbols appear on reels 1,3 and 5 only. ´üČ Free Spins symbols on both reels 1 and 3 and a Captain Catnip Free Spins symbol on reel 5 triggers this feature. ´üČ The feature awards 12 Free Spins and 40 guaranteed wilds during the awarded spins. ´üČ For each spin, Wild symbols are placed randomly on the reels and can be placed in same position several times creating a multiplier Wild symbol. ´üČ Free Spins cannot be retriggered. ´üČ All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. ´üČ Free Spins play out automatically. ´üČ The Free Spins are free to the player. ´üČ The feature ends when there are no remaining free spins left. ´üČ Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Captain Claw Free Spins Feature ´üČ Captain Claw Free Spins is a Free Spins feature. ´üČ Free Spins symbols appear in base game only. ´üČ Free Spins symbols appear on reels 1,3 and 5 only. ´üČ Free Spins symbols on both reels 1 and 3 and a Captain Claw Free Spins symbol on reel 5 triggers this feature. ´üČ The feature awards 10 Free Spins and 25 guaranteed wilds during the awarded spins. ´üČ For each spin, Wild symbols are placed randomly on the reels and can be placed in same position several times creating a multiplier Wild symbol. ´üČ Free Spins cannot be retriggered. ´üČ All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. ´üČ Free Spins play out automatically. ´üČ The Free Spins are free to the player. ´üČ The feature ends when there are no remaining free spins left. ´üČ Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Cat Pots Bonus Feature ´üČ Land 3 symbols scattered to trigger the Cat Pots Bonus Feature. ´üČ Cat Pots bonus symbols appear on reels 2,3 and 4 only. ´üČ The feature awards one spin on a wheel of fortune. ´üČ The landing position will award the prize from four different prize levels. ´üČ The feature awards a fixed prize of 20x, 50x, 500x or 10 000x bet. ´üČ All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. ´üČ The feature is free to the player. ´üČ Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Buy Feature ´üČ This feature is available in base game only. ´üČ This feature is not available above a certain bet threshold. ´üČ Activating this feature will instantly trigger the corresponding feature. ´üČ The cost for buying Captain Catnip Free Spins feature is 55x bet. ´üČ The cost for buying Captain Red Free Spins feature is 200x bet. AutoPlay ´üČ Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. ´üČ Spins are played at the current selected bet. ´üČ The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. ´üČ Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. ´üČ Bet: Set the current bet value. ´üČ Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. ´üČ Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. ´üČ Aborting Autoplay or stopping the reels during Autoplay will not affect the outcome of the game. ´üČ Autoplay will automatically stop if a Bonus or Free Spin feature is triggered. ´üČ This feature is available in base game only. Game Controls ´üČ Spin button: Starts a reel spin. ´üČ Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. ´üČ Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. ´üČ Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. ´üČ Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. ´üČ Menu button: Displays additional game options. ´üČ Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. ´üČ Sounds: Enables game sounds. ´üČ Balance: Displays the current balances. ´üČ Bet: Displays the current total bet. ´üČ Win: Displays the most recent win. ´üČ A click or tap on the reels stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. ´üČ Buy Feature button: Displays the option to purchase the Free Spins feature. Game Menu ´üČ Home button: Exits the game. ´üČ Settings button: Displays the game settings. ´üČ Paytable button: Displays payout tables. Bet Settings ´üČ Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Game Settings ´üČ Sounds: Enables game sounds. ´üČ Quickspin: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Additional Information ´üČ Some settings and features may not be available in this game. ´üČ Malfunction voids all pays and plays. ´üČ In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. ´üČ The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. ´üČ The results of the last game played are displayed. ´üČ Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. ´üČ Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. ´üČ If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Game Terminology ´üČ CATS OF THE CARIBBEANÔäó = CATS OF THE CARIBBEANÔäó ´üČ WILD = WILD ´üČ BIG WIN = BIG WIN ´üČ MEGA WIN = MEGA WIN ´üČ EPIC WIN = EPIC WIN ´üČ LEGENDARY WIN = LEGENDARY WIN ´üČ WILD CANNON = WILD CANNON ´üČ CAPTAIN RED FREE SPINS = CAPTAIN RED FREE SPINS ´üČ CAPTAIN CATNIP FREE SPINS = CAPTAIN CATNIP FREE SPINS ´üČ FREE SPINS = FREE SPINS ´üČ CAPTAIN CLAW FREE SPINS = CAPTAIN CLAW FREE SPINS ´üČ CAT POTS = CAT POTS ´üČ MIDI = MIDI ´üČ MINI = MINI ´üČ MEGA = MEGA ´üČ MAJOR = MAJOR ´üČ BUY = BUY ´üČ BUY FREE SPINS = BUY FREE SPINS Last modification date: 8/9/2022