Bulls Eye Bulls Eye About Bulls Eye Bulls Eye is a three reel, one payline, and three coin slot machine, with: A wild, multiplier symbol. A Bulls Eye bonus game. Game Payouts Winnings paid out on the slot machine are dependent on the symbols displayed on the payline, once the reels have come to a stop. Regular Payouts All figures in the game payout table show the number of coins that are won for each combination. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size you select. For a combination of regular symbols to produce a winning regular combination, the following criteria must be met: The symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right. At least one of the symbols must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination startingfrom the second or third slot reel does not pay out. Bulls Eye Bonus Game Payouts You can win up to 1 000 credits in the bonus game. The value of the bonus game wins are displayed in credits, not coins. Game Rules General Rules You can bet three coins per spin. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. Wild, Multiplier Symbol Rules The Dart Man symbol is a wild, multiplier symbol. Doubles the payout of any combination one symbol completes as a wild symbol. Quadruples the payout of any combination two symbols complete as wild symbols. Creates its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear in a line on an enabled payline. These payouts are not multiplied. Does not substitute for the Spin symbol. If 1 Dart Man symbol is displayed on the enabled payline and it does not complete a winning combination, it pays out the value of a single Cherry symbol multiplied by 2. If 2 Dart Man symbols are displayed on the enabled payline and they do not complete a winning combination, it pays out the value of two Cherry symbols multiplied by 4. Only one winning combination is paid out per payline. If there is more than one possible winning combination on a payline, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. Bulls Eye Bonus Game Rules A Spin symbol displayed on reel 3 of the payline with three coins bet, activate the Bulls Eye bonus game. You can win up to 1 000 credits in the bonus game. You spin a wheel to win bonus win amounts. A Dart Board made up of twenty segments is displayed. Each segment is labelled with a credit amount. The value of the bonus game wins are displayed in credits, not coins. Winnings are automatically collected during the bonus game. Betting and Payout Rules The only coin size available is a 1 credit coin. Winnings are paid out on the highest combination only. The symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right. At least one of the symbols must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second or third slot reel does not pay out. All figures in the game payout table show the number of coins that are won for each combination. All regular payouts are in coins. Bonus game payouts are in credits. Bonus game wins are added to regular wins. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size you select. The formula to calculate the conversion of your coins to credits is: number of coins x coin size played = amount in credits. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. Wild, Multiplier Symbol The Dart Man symbol is a wild, multiplier symbol. This symbol: Doubles the payout of any combination one symbol completes as a wild symbol. Quadruples the payout of any combination two symbols complete as wild symbols. Creates its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear in a line on an enabled payline. These payouts are not multiplied. Does not substitute for the Spin symbol. Note: If 1 Dart Man symbol is displayed on the enabled payline and it does not complete a winning combination, it pays out the value of a single Cherry symbol multiplied by 2. If 2 Dart Man symbols are displayed on the enabled payline and they do not complete a winning combination, it pays out the value of two Cherry symbols multiplied by 4. Bulls Eye Bonus Game A Spin symbol displayed on reel 3 of the payline with three coins bet, activate the Bulls Eye bonus game. In this game: You can win up to 1 000 credits in the bonus game. You spin a wheel to win bonus win amounts. A Dart Board made up of twenty segments is displayed. Each segment is labelled with a credit amount. The value of the bonus game wins are displayed in credits, not coins. To play the bonus game: Click Spin Wheel , or click the Dart Board to spin the Dart Board. When the wheel stops, the arrow points to a segment on the wheel. The credit amount displayed on the segment is the number of credits you win. Click Back to Game . You are automatically returned to the regular slot game. Playing the game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form a winning combination on the payline. The payout is dependent on the winning combination formed. To play: Place a bet. How? Click Increase (+) or Decrease (-) to select the coin size you want to bet. Click the payout table to select the number of coins you want to bet. To increase the number of coins you want to bet, click Bet One . To bet the maximum number of coins permitted, click Bet Max . The number of coins bet increases to the maximum and the game automatically starts playing. Click Spin . The reels start spinning. If you have a winning combination lined up on the payline, the win is highlighted on the reels. You are paid out the win amount as displayed in the Win box. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. In some slot games the Spin button becomes a Stop button. Click Stop to display your spin results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. AutoPlay, Options and Statistics You can change options and view statistics for games using the Options or Statistics buttons. You can also spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game, using AutoPlay or AutoSpin. In some games AutoPlay is available in Expert mode only. How do I turn on Expert mode? Click Expert . The Expert mode features are activated, such as AutoPlay. How do I use AutoPlay? Select a bet amount. You must select a bet amount before you start the AutoPlay session, as AutoPlay plays with the last bet value. If the game has Expert mode, click Expert . Click AutoPlay . In some games you cannot set the number of spins to play in the AutoPlay session, so clicking this button starts AutoPlay that continues until you click Stop . The Stop button does not influence the results of the spin. In other games this button enables you to choose the number of spins you want to play and your stop options. Once you have configured these options, click Start to begin your AutoPlay session. What options do I have in Autoplay? AutoPlay options differ between games. Your game may not have all of these options. AutoPlay Options Number of spins Set the number of times the slot reels spins during your AutoPlay session. Number of seconds between spins Set the delay between AutoPlay spins. Until stop Continue Autoplay until you click the Stop button. This does not influence the results of the spin. Stop if a win exceeds or equals Stop spins if the number of credits won on any spin exceeds or equals the amount selected. Stop once all spins are complete Stop after playing the number of reel spins selected. Stop when jackpot is won Stop spins if the Jackpot is won. Stop on any win Stop the session if you win on a spin Stop if credits increase by Stop the session if the number of credits increases by the amount selected. Stop if credits decrease by Stop the session if the number of credits decreases by the amount selected. Stop on a feature Stops if Free Spins or another bonus feature is triggered. Start AutoPlay without showing this dialog Start future sessions without viewing the AutoPlay settings, using your saved settings or the default settings. How do I change game options? Click O ptions . Choose the required settings. Click O K . What are the options settings? Game options differ between games. Your game may not have all of these options. Quick Spin Increases the speed of the Slot reel spin so your results are displayed quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Quick Spin in Free Spins Increases the speed of the Slot reel spin so your results are displayed quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Switch off Gamble feature Disables the Gamble feature during the Slot game Allow Gamble Enables the Gamble feature during the Slot game. Sound Settings Displays the sound options. Switch off Cinematic Spins Plays a selection of video clips in the background during reel spins. Graphics Displays the game graphics with basic or enhanced effects. High quality effects Plays the game with or without high quality effects. Hide Respin Cost Shows or hides the respin cost when you position your mouse pointer over a Respin button. Reel Stopping Order Displays the reel stopping order options. Balance, Bet and Win Values Displays these values for the game you are playing, in coins or credits. Enable 3D Stereo Enables you to toggle between 3D mode and Standard mode Edit Avatar You can add an Avatar image, or edit an existing Avatar image How do I see game statistics? Statistics only apply to the current game session. When you exit the game, the statistics reset to zero. Click Statistics (%) . View your current Game Play Statistics. Click O K . What statistics can I view? Spin Results Displays the number of spins played during the current game session, the length of your game session, and the average number of spins per hour Highest Wins Displays the highest three win amounts during the current game session. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 11/12/2020