Pile Em Up About this Game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. This game is played with credits only. This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. The spins within the Flower Free Spins feature will be called free spins. The spins within the Heart Bonus feature will be called bonus spins. Return to Player Values reflect the average expected return and do not change. Overall RTP: 94.18%. Values are calculated initially by dividing the total payouts by the total bets from a simulation of numerous game rounds. Payline Rules A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. The number of paylines played is fixed. This game includes 20 paylines. Payout Rules Wins are multiplied by the total bet. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. Coinciding wins on different paylines are added to the win. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins and coin symbol wins resulting from a spin. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. Flower Free Spins symbols pay scattered. Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. This game has a payout limit of 7500x bet. All subsequent wins during the spin will be capped. The win count-up will continue to the payout limit of this game. If the cap is reached within Flower Free Spins feature, all remaining free spins will be forfeited and the game will continue to the feature outro modal screen. The payout limit can be reached in Flower Free Spins feature and Heart Bonus feature. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. Collect feature This feature can trigger in base game and Flower Free Spins. Coin symbols appear on reels 1-4. When a Collect symbol lands on reel 5, the total amount of all Coin symbols on screen is awarded multiplied with the value of the Coin Booster feature. Coin symbols can have a value between 0.2x and 50x the total bet. Coin Booster feature This feature is available in base game, Flower Free Spins and Heart Bonus. Coin Booster feature triggers whenever a Collect symbol lands on reel 5 or in the case of Heart Bonus feature at the end of the feature. Coin Booster feature multiplies the values of all coin symbols on reels with the multiplier shown in the Coin Booster display. The multiplier starts with a value of 1x and increases with each 1UP symbol landing on the reels. The multiplier can increase up to 10x. After the multiplier has been applied, the multiplier will reset to 1x. The multiplier value is collected and stored per bet. The Coin Booster feature does not apply to payline wins. Flower Free Spins feature Landing 3 Free Spins symbols scattered on reels 1,3 and 5 will trigger the Flower Free Spins feature. The feature awards the player 9 free spins to start. Landing 2 Free Spins symbols scattered on reels 1,3 and 5 at any time during the Flower Free Spins feature will award 3 additional free spins. Landing 3 Free Spins symbols scattered on reels 1,3 and 5 at any time during the Flower Free Spins feature will award 9 additional free spins. The Coin Booster multiplier starting value is carried over from the base game. The coin symbol wins and payline wins from the feature are added to Total Win for each spin. All the coin symbol values that land during the free spins are collected into the Coin Respin counter. When there are no free spins left the Coin Respin feature is activated with a chance to win the collected value. In Coin Respin feature, only reel 5 is enabled, reels 1 to 4 are disabled and hidden by coin stacks. If a Collect symbol lands on reel 5 during the Coin Respin feature the total value collected in the Coin Respin counter will be payed multiplied with the displayed Coin Booster multiplier. The Heart Bonus cannot be triggered within the feature. The free spins are free to the player. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. The Flower Free Spins feature ends after the Coin Respin feature is played out. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins, Collect feature wins, Free Spin symbols win and Coin Respin feature wins resulting from a spin. All lines played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Heart Bonus feature Collecting a Bonus symbol on all reels will trigger the Heart Bonus feature. Landing a bonus symbol will lock that reel as collected and will be indicated to the player by a heart on the reel frame. Bonus symbols can be collected over several spins and more than one Bonus symbol can land at a time. Bonus symbol collection is stored per bet, changing a bet will restart the collection but returning to a previous bet will allow the player to keep collecting from the collection state before changing the bet. The feature awards the player 3 bonus spins to start. The Coin Booster multiplier starting value is carried over from the base game. For each coin symbol or 1UP symbol that lands the bonus spins will reset. The coin symbols will remain in position until the end of the spins. The win from the feature will be payed out at the end of the feature with all the coin symbol values added together and the multiplier value of the Coin Booster feature applied. If there is a coin in every landing position, all the coins will flip and award a prize of 50x bet per coin with the multiplier value of the Coin Booster feature applied. The feature ends when there are no remaining bonus spins left or there are no more landing positions for coins available. The last bet used in the round triggering the feature is the bet amount used for the feature. The bonus spins are free to the player. The Flower Free Spins feature cannot be triggered within the Heart Bonus. Wild Symbols Wild symbols appear in base game and Free Spins feature. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except free spins, bonus and 1UP symbols. Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. Bet Settings Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Game Settings Sounds: Enables game sounds. Quickspin: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Game Terminology PILE EM UP™ = PILE EM UP™ WILD = WILD BIG WIN = BIG WIN MEGA WIN = MEGA WIN EPIC WIN = EPIC WIN PILE EM UP = PILE EM UP HEART BONUS = HEART BONUS FLOWER FREE SPINS = FLOWER FREE SPINS COIN BOOSTER = COIN BOOSTER 1UP = 1UP COIN RESPIN = COIN RESPIN COLLECT = COLLECT FREE SPINS = FREE SPINS BONUS = BONUS BONUS SPINS = BONUS SPIN Last modification date: 8/9/2023