Amazing Link Fates About this Game l This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. l The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. l Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Bet Rules l Each spin played costs a total bet amount. l The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the number of paylines played. l The total bet is based on the initial bet placed on each payline played. Payline Rules l This game includes 20 paylines. l The number of paylines played is fixed. l A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. l A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. l Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Payout Rules l Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. l The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. l The total payout is the sum of all payline wins resulting from a spin. l If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. l Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. l The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Game Controls l Spin button: Starts a reel spin. l Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. l A click or tap on the reels stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. l Spin Settings button: Displays additional spin options. l Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. l Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. l Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. l Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. l Bet Increase button: Increases the current bet. l Bet Decrease button: Decreases the current bet. l Bet: Displays the current total bet. l Win: Displays the most recent win. l Credits: Displays the current balances. l Pick Feature Autoplay button: Automatically selects icons in the Pick Feature. This does not influence the results of the feature. l Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Game Menu l Menu button: Displays additional game options. l Home button: Exits the game. l Banking button: Displays the banking page. l Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. l Sounds: Enables game sounds. Additional Information l Some settings and features may not be available in this game. l Malfunction voids all pays and plays. l Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. l In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. l The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. l The results of the last game played are displayed. l If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. l Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Wild Symbols l Fates symbols are Wild symbols. l Fates symbols can substitute for all symbols except Bonus and Amazing symbols. l Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. Amazing Link™ Feature l 6 or more Amazing symbols anywhere on the reels trigger this feature. l 3 free respins are awarded. l Triggering Amazing symbols are locked in place while all other symbol positions respin. l Any additional Amazing symbols that land are locked in place and reset the remaining respins to 3. l The feature ends when all positions are filled or respins are finished. l Amazing symbol prize values are based on total bet. l All prizes are awarded at the end of the feature. l The MEGA prize is awarded when all positions are filled with Amazing symbols. Free Spins l Bonus symbols appear in base game only. l Bonus symbols appear on reels 1, 3 and 5 in base game. l Bonus symbols do not have a payout. l 3 Bonus symbols anywhere on the reels trigger this feature. l Choose 10 Past, 10 Present or 3 Future Free Spins. l Some selections are unlocked by playing the Free Spins. l Amazing Reels have only Wild and Amazing symbols. l Wild Amazing symbols can substitute for all symbols except Bonus symbols. l On each Past Free Spin, 1 reel is randomly selected to contain only Wild Amazing symbols. l On each Present Free Spin, there are no ‘A’, ‘K’, ‘Q’, ‘J’, ‘10’ or ‘9’ symbols on the reels. l On each Future Free Spin, there are no ‘A’, ‘K’, ‘Q’, ‘J’, ‘10’ or ‘9’ symbols on the reels and 1 reel is randomly selected to contain only Wild Amazing symbols. l Free Spins cannot be retriggered. l All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. l All lines played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. l Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Pick Feature l This feature can trigger after any spin or Amazing Link™ feature in base game only. l Amazing symbols that land during the base game collect above the reels. l Collected symbols can randomly trigger the Pick feature. l Match 3 icons to win the respective prize. l If the Amazing Link™ feature triggers during the base game, all Amazing symbols collect when the feature completes. Game Terminology l The following are translations of game terms that may appear in English in the game. l MEGA = MEGA l MAJOR = MAJOR l MINOR = MINOR l MINI = MINI Return to Player l The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. l This value is fixed and does not change. l This game has an RTP of 96.33%. Last modification date: 3/14/2022