Karaoke Party Karaoke Party General In this game all 9 paylines are permanently enabled. You can bet up to 5 coins per payline. Your total bet amount is the number of coins you bet per payline, multiplied by the number of paylines. To convert your win amount in coins to credits, multiply the number of coins won by the coin size you bet. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Regular symbols Regular wins are created when the same symbols appear next to each other, with one of the symbols displayed on the first slot reel. One regular win is paid per payline. If you have more than one combination, you are paid the win that has the highest value. Regular wins are displayed in coins on the pay table. Regular wins depend on your bet per payline. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. Wild Symbol Substitutes for other symbols to complete wins. Multiplies the payout by 2 when symbols complete a win. Does not substitute for the scatter symbol. Creates its own win when multiple wild symbols appear next to each other on a payline, with one of the symbols displayed on the first slot reel. These wins are not multiplied. Regular win rules apply. Scatter Symbol Does not need to appear next to each other on a payline to win. Creates a scatter win when two or more appear anywhere on the reels. Is not substituted by the wild, multiplier symbol. Scatter wins are displayed as a multiplier value on the pay table. Scatter payouts depend on your total bet. Scatter wins are added to regular wins. Activates free spins when three or more appear on the reels. Free spins Spin for free! Activates when three or more scatter symbols appear on the reels. You are awarded 15 free spins. All wins are multiplied by 3. The last bet you placed in the game is used as the free spins bet amount. Re-activates when three or more scatter symbols appear in a free spin. You are awarded another 15 free spins. These are added to your remaining free spins count. Winnings are automatically collected during the bonus game. Paytable Achievements Tracks your win status by highlighting symbol combinations you have won. When you win all combinations for the same symbol it is highlighted. Achievements are permanently highlighted on the pay table, even if you exit the game. Regular game wins are logged as achievements. Wild, multiplier symbol substitute wins are not logged as achievements. Free spins wins are not logged as achievements. Quick spin Quick spin increases the reel spin speed to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Tap Menu . Tap Settings . Tap quick spin Off . To disable quick spin, tap quick spin On . This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Configure my total bet Your total bet amount is the number of coins you bet per payline, multiplied by the number of paylines. Tap Menu . Tap Settings . Tap Coin Size and select a coin size. Tap Coins Per Line and select the number of coins. Change my bet amount Your total bet amount is the number of coins you bet per payline, multiplied by the number of paylines. Tap Bet and select the total number of coins or credits you want to bet per spin. The game you are playing may not have the option to bet in credits. Change from coins to credits You can change your balance, bet and win amounts to display in coins or credits. Tap Menu . Tap Settings . Tap Coins to convert to coins, or tap Credits to convert to credits. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing.