Joker's Wacky Wilds Pays Both Ways About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the number of coins multiplied by the coin size. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the paylines played. Payline Rules This game includes 10 paylines. The number of paylines played is fixed. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payline wins run from left to right and right to left, starting from the first and last reel respectively. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline and direction, only the highest win is awarded. Payout Rules Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins and Free Spins symbol wins resulting from a spin. Disclaimer: The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Free Spins Symbol 3, 4, or 5 consecutive Free Spins symbols trigger Free Spins when starting from Reel 1 or Reel 5 in either win direction. Only the highest Free Spins symbol combination is awarded for each win direction. Free Spins symbols pay in any position on the reel. Free Spins symbol wins are multiplied by the total bet. Free Spins symbol appears in both base game and Free Spins. Wild Symbols Every Wild that lands will expand to form a Wild Reel. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols. Wild symbols can substitute for Free Spins symbols to trigger Free Spins, This symbol appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. Wild symbols do not have a payout. This symbol appears in both base game and Free Spins. Free Spins Number of Free Spins awarded is dependent on the number of reels involved in the Free Spins symbol win. 3, 4, or 5 consecutive Free Spins symbols trigger Free Spins when starting from Reel 1 or Reel 5 in either win direction. Free Spins can be retriggered. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. All lines played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Free Spins are played on a different reel set from the base game. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Play button: Continues the game. Bet Up button: Increases the current bet up to the next highest available bet. Bet Down button: Decreases the current bet down to the next lowest available bet. Max Bet button: Sets the current bet to the maximum value. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay start button: Starts Autoplay session. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Game Menu button: Displays the game settings and game payout table. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Sounds button: Toggle sounds on or off. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Lobby button: Exits the game. Banking button: Displays the banking page. Help button: Displays help and additional information. Game Menu System Menu button: Displays additional system options. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Bet button: Displays the bet options. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Return button: Returns to the game. Bet Settings Coin Size: Sets the coin value. Number of Coins: Sets the number of coins. Autoplay The Autoplay start button starts the Autoplay session based on your selected options. Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. If any condition is met to stop the session, all AutoPlay settings return to default. If you are disconnected, AutoPlay will stop. All AutoPlay settings return to default when the game is reloaded. Game Settings Intro Screen button: Toggle to turn the game Intro Screen on or off. Fast Play button: Toggle to turn Fast Play on or off. Mute All Sounds button: Toggle to mute all game sounds. Background Music button: Toggle to turn background music on or off. Sound Effects button: Toggle to turn game sound effects on or off. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Depending on the game you are playing, the RTP value may be defined as a single value or defined by the different stages or modes of the game. Values are calculated initially by piding the total possible payouts by the total possible outcomes that are available within the game. Values reflect the maximum expected return and do not change. RTP: 94.10%. Last modification date: 12/8/2023