Animals of Africa About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the paylines played. Payline Rules This game includes 20 paylines. The number of paylines played is fixed. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. On a single payline if multiple winning combinations land, only the highest win is awarded. Payline wins are awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payout Rules Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. Double Symbols Double symbols count as 2 of the same symbols in a single reel position. Double symbols can award up to 10 of a kind pays on a single payline. High symbols can appear as single symbols or double symbols on the reels. Regular win rules apply. Wild Symbols Wild symbols appear on all reels in the base game and in the Free Spins. Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Scatters. Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. A Wild symbol counts as 2 Wild symbols in a single reel position when substituting for High symbols. Scatter Symbols Scatters can create their own winning combination when landing anywhere on the reels. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. This symbol appears in base game only. Free Spins 3, 4 or 5 Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels trigger this feature. 12 Free Spins are awarded. Land a Wild on reel 2, 3 or 4 to trigger Expanding Wilds Re-Spins. Every Wild that lands will expand to form a Wild reel and award any wins. Wilds lock in place and award a free Re-Spin on the remaining reels. Any additional Wilds that land will expand, award any wins and then award another free Re-Spin. Up to 3 consecutive Re-Spins are possible. Re-Spins do not reduce the number of Free Spins remaining. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. All lines played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Free Spins are played on a different reel set from the base game. Free Spins cannot be retriggered. Game Controls The following describes the functions for each of the buttons found on the game interface. Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Play button: Continues the game. Fast Play Active Indicator: Indicates when Fast Play is active. Bet Up button: Increases the current bet up to the next highest available bet. Bet Down button: Decreases the current bet down to the next lowest available bet. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay start button: Starts Autoplay session. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Game Menu button: Displays the game settings and game payout table. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The Autoplay start button starts the Autoplay session based on your selected options. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. If any condition is met to stop the session, all AutoPlay settings return to default. If you are disconnected, AutoPlay will stop. All AutoPlay settings return to default when the game is reloaded. Autoplay Settings Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the cost of the next spin would decrease the balance by this amount. Single Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Game Menu System Menu button: Displays additional system options. Help button: Displays help and additional information. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Bet button: Displays the bet options. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Return to Game button: Closes the Game Menu and returns to the base game. Bet Settings Coin Size: Sets the coin value. Coins Per Line: Sets the number of coins to bet per line. Game Settings Fast Play button: Toggle to turn Fast Play on or off to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Mute All Sounds button: Toggle to mute all game sounds. Background Music button: Toggle to turn background music on or off. Sound Effects button: Toggle to turn game sound effects on or off. Intro Screen button: Toggle to turn the game Intro Screen on or off. Left-Handed Mode button: Toggle to turn left-handed mode on or off. Additional Information In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. he theoretical return to player (rtp) is 96.18%. Last modification date: 5/11/2021