Fortune Rush About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Way Rules This game includes 243 ways. A way is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs across the reels. Way wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other in this pattern. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the way cost of 25. Payout Rules Way win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. If multiple winning combinations land on a single way, only the highest win is awarded. The total payout is the sum of all way wins resulting from a spin. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Wild Symbols Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Rush symbols. This symbol does not appear on reel 1. This symbol does not have a payout. Rush Symbol Feature A random high symbol is selected as the Rush Symbol. The Rush symbol will change every 20 spins or at completion of Lucky Draw Feature. A Rush symbol on 3 or more reels will award a respin. If any additional Rush symbols land, another respin is awarded. During the respin, all reels with Rush symbols are locked. On the 20th spin 3 Rush symbols will be awarded on reels 1, 3 and 5. A Rush symbol on each reel will trigger the Lucky Draw feature. Lucky Draw Feature This feature awards 3 respins. Only Rush symbols and blank reel symbol spaces appear on the reels. Any additional Rush symbols that land are held, and reset the remaining respins to 3. The feature ends when all respins are completed or all 15 Rush symbols are held on the board. All Rush symbol way wins pay at the end of the feature. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Game Controls Balance: Displays the current balances. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Max Bet button: Sets the current bet to the maximum value. Total Bet: Sets the current total bet value. Spin button: Starts a reel spin. AutoPlay button: Displays the AutoPlay options where you can select to spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game. AutoPlay Stop button: Displays the number of spins remaining and can stop the session. This does not influence the results of the spin. Paytable button: Displays the game payout tables. Menu button: Displays the game settings. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. This game has an RTP of 94.06%. This value is fixed and does not change. Last modification date: 1/25/2022