Gold n Rocks About Gold 'n' Rocks Gold 'n' Rocks is a match three or more, five reel expanding slot machine, including: Regular symbols Wild symbol Dynamite symbol Multiple base game features Free Spins feature Game Rules General Press the Total Bet or use the arrows on the side of the box to increase or decrease the bet per spin. The total bet is shown at all times and this is what will be debited from your balance for each spin. This game does not use Coins. All payout tables display the winnings that are won for each combination. Winning combinations pay for three or more matching symbols in a horizontal or vertical line. Only one regular winning amount is paid out per combination and you are paid out the value of the highest win. If you have a winning combination, the win is highlighted, winning symbols are removed and the remaining symbols tumble down. The game starts with 5x5 layout and a win in each sequence will unlock one row. Layout can extend to 10x5. Maximum number of symbols that can be together in a horizontal line is 5, and 10 in a vertical line. Matching exactly 3 symbols turns the middle symbol into an additional Wild that falls down with other symbols. If more than 3 symbols are matched, all of them explode and the symbols above fall if applicable. Collect feature points on each winning spin to unlock game features. On mobile you can hold down the Spin button for quick spins. During autoplay, you can click on the 2 triangles on the Spin button to skip any animations on that spin. Malfunction Voids all Pays and Plays. Regular symbols Matching symbols must be next to each other in a horizontal or vertical line. Regular winning combinations pay out when 3 or more symbols are matched. Wild symbol This symbol substitutes for other symbols, except Dynamite symbol, to complete wins. A Wild symbol will appear in the central position when 3 matching symbols will explode and fall down with any other symbols that need to fall if applicable. Two Wilds in isolation will pay and explode. Dynamite symbol Dynamite symbol can appear anywhere on the reels. Three Dynamite symbols trigger 8 Free Spins and any additional Dynamite symbol on reels awards 1 additional Free Spin. Base game Feature points are awarded for win lines each spin. For a win line of 3 symbols, 1 point is awarded. For a win line of 4 symbols, 5 points are awarded. For a win line of 5 symbols, 10 points are awarded. • For a win line of 6 symbols, 15 points are awarded. • For a win line of 7 symbols, 25 points are awarded. • For a win line of 8 symbols, 30 points are awarded. For a win line of 9 symbols, 35 points are awarded. For a win line of 10 symbols, 40 points are awarded. Reach certain amounts of points to activate game features. 4 points - 2x pays - All following winnings from the spin are multiplied by 2. 12 points - 2 random Wilds - 2 Wilds are added to the layout. 20 points - 3x pays - All following winnings from the spin are multiplied by 3. 28 points - 3 random Wilds - 3 Wilds are added to the layout. 36 points - 5x pays - All following winnings from the spin are multiplied by 5. 44 points - Mega Wild - 2x2 Wild is added to the layout. Free Spins feature When Free Spins are activated, the Dynamite symbols will explode, causing other symbols to tumble down. The base game spin will be played out before starting the Free Spins. 8 Free Spins are awarded with a chance to re-trigger. The last bet you placed in the game is used as the free win spin bet amount. The gameplay in Free Spins is the same as in base game, with a higher chance of getting wins and enhanced multipliers. 4 points - 3x pays - All following winnings from the spin are multiplied by 3. 12 points - 2 random Wilds - 2 Wilds are added to the layout. 20 points - 5x pays - All following winnings from the spin are multiplied by 5. 28 points - 3 random Wilds - 3 Wilds are added to the layout. 36 points - 10x pays - All following winnings from the spin are multiplied by 10. 44 points - Mega Wild - 2x2 Wild is added to the layout. Clearing all symbols during a spin in Free Spins pays 250 times your bet. Winnings are automatically collected during this feature. During any spin the game may randomly award you 100 Rollercoaster spins. These spins will be played at the triggering bet level and it is possible to re-trigger additional spins and/or any bonus features within the game. Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed and does not change. This game has an RTP of 96.06%. Game Controls Total Bet Displays your current bet per spin. Click the arrows (up or down) to change the bet amount or click on the amount to select the bet manually. Balance box Displays your Casino balance. Win box Displays your win after a winning spin and winning lines. Last Win box Displays your last win. Spin button Starts the game. Stop button Displays the result of your spin quicker. This does not influence the result of the spin. AutoPlay button Opens the Autoplay menu allowing to set up your settings and use Auto Spins feature. Settings button Allows to adjust in-game settings (audio volume, music, turbo spins). Menu button Opens Game information about paylines, payouts, special features and game rules. The maximum win from a single game is £120,000. Last modification date: 10/14/2020