Action Cash Ra's Riches About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the payline cost of 20. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the paylines played. Payline Rules This game includes 20 - 40 paylines. The number of paylines played is fixed. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Payout Rules Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins resulting from a spin. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Spin Settings button: Displays additional spin options. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Bet Increase button: Increases the current bet. Bet Decrease button: Decreases the current bet. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Credits: Displays the current balances. Game Menu Menu button: Displays additional game options. Home button: Exits the game. Banking button: Displays the banking page. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Autoplay This feature is available in base game only. Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. Wild Symbols Green Coin, Red Coin, Purple Coin and Gold Coin symbols are Wild symbols. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Action Cash™ and Prize symbols. Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. Action Cash™ Feature Action Cash™ symbol appears on reel 5 in the Base Game. Action Cash™ symbol appears on reels 1 and 5 when the Green Coin Action Boost™ Free Spins are active. When an Action Cash™ symbol lands, the feature is triggered. Each Action Cash™ symbol on the screen awards the prize displayed on each Prize symbol. Action Boost™ Free Spins Whenever one or more Coins appear there is a chance for Action Boost™ Free Spins to be triggered. Each Coin collects to the chest of the same colour above the reels. The combination of Coins that collect when the Action Boost™ Free Spins are triggered determines the Action Boost™ awarded. Bet multiplier is the same as the game that triggered the feature. Green Coin Action Boost™ 40 lines are played during this feature. All reels grow to a height of 5 symbol positions. Action Cash™ symbols are added to reel 1. Green Coin does not appear in Green Coin Action Boost™ Free Spins. Red Coin Action Boost™ Every Coin that appears during this feature awards a coloured orb. Collect 6 Red Orbs to win the MEGA jackpot. Collect 5 Purple Orbs to win the MAJOR jackpot. Collect 4 Blue Orbs to win the MINOR jackpot. Collect 3 Green Orbs to win the MINI jackpot. If all coloured orbs for a jackpot are collected, the corresponding jackpot is awarded and the collected coloured orbs for that jackpot are reset. Red Coin does not appear in Red Coin Action Boost™ Free Spins. Purple Coin Action Boost™ Action Cash™ symbol awards a +1 Free Spin, +2 Free Spins, 2x, 3x or 5x. If the Action Cash™ feature is triggered by an Action Cash™ symbol with a 2x, 3x or 5x, the multiplier will apply only to prizes awarded by that respective Action Cash™ symbol. Purple Coin does not appear in Purple Coin Action Boost™ Free Spins. Multiple Coin Action Boost™ Free spins are played with all Action Boost™ triggered on a single base spin. 10, 15 or 20 initial Free Spins are awarded respectively for 1, 2 or 3 Action Boost™ triggered. Additional Action Boost™ Free Spins can be triggered within Action Boost™ Free Spins. The combination of Coins that collect when the additional Action Boost™ Free Spins are triggered determines the additional Action Boost™ awarded. Each additional Action Boost™ awarded also awards an additional 5 Free spins. If all Action Boost™ are triggered, then no additional free spins can be won. Gold Coin symbol appears only in Red Coin Action Boost™ Free Spins or when all Action Boost™ are triggered. Gold Coin symbol does not collect to the chests above the reels and cannot award additional free spins. Bet multiplier is the same as the game that triggered the feature. Game Terminology The following are translations of game terms that may appear in English in the game. MEGA = MEGA MAJOR = MAJOR MINOR = MINOR MINI = MINI Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Values are calculated initially by dividing the total possible payouts by the total possible outcomes that are available within the game. Values reflect the maximum expected return and do not change. RTP: 94.24%. Last modification date: 2/1/2024