Cash Flip Medusa About this Game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. This game is played with credits only. Spins within the Medusa Bonus feature will be called bonus spins. Payline Rules This game includes 20 paylines. The number of paylines played is fixed. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. Payout Rules Wins are multiplied by the total bet. Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Coinciding wins on different paylines are added to the win. The win count-up will continue to the payout limit of this game. Wild Symbols Wild symbols appear in base game only. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Bonus symbols. Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. Orb Symbols Orbs are special symbols that activate Bonus symbols. They appear in the base game only. Orbs can come in 4 colours: green, red, purple, and blue. The initial colour of an orb is green. Upon appearing, it randomly transforms into one of the colours — red, purple, or blue. When the orb colour is revealed, it shoots to the corresponding Bonus symbol above the reels with a chance to activate it. The green orb may randomly reveal the Golden Bonus symbol. Medusa Bonus Feature This feature is available in base game only. The Medusa Bonus can be triggered by any combination of 1, 2, or 3 cash features, or a Golden Bonus symbol that activates all three cash features. The Medusa Bonus is randomly triggered whenever one or more Bonus symbols above the reels are activated. Bonus symbols appear, each assigned a random colour. If only 1 Bonus symbol appears, there is a chance it will transform into the Golden Bonus symbol, activating all 3 cash features. The Medusa Bonus starts with the triggering Bonus symbol or symbols locked on-screen and 3 randomly awarded coins in random positions. When the feature is triggered, it awards the player 3 bonus spins and 3 coins to start. Coins may be cash or jackpot ones. Cash coins that may land in the Medusa Bonus are 0.2x, 0.5x, 1x, 2x and 5x bet. Jackpot coins that may land in the Medusa Bonus are Mini (10x), Minor (30x), and Major (300x). Coins may land on the reels during the feature, either awarding cash prizes or corresponding jackpots. The Bonus symbols that can appear during bonus spins are the Golden Bonus and the same type of Bonus symbols as those that triggered the feature. For each new symbol that lands, the number of bonus spins is reset to 3. 3 additional cash features may be activated in the Medusa Bonus: Cash Flip™, Cash Multiplier, and Cash Collect. Cash features may be reactivated during the Medusa Bonus. The order of reveal for the cash features is Cash Flip™, Cash Multiplier, and then Cash Collect. The Golden Bonus symbol may reactivate cash features, but only after all cash features have been played. The Medusa Bonus ends when there are no remaining bonus spins left or no new symbols land. At the end of the Medusa Bonus, each symbols indicated value is calculated together and paid as the Total Win of the Medusa Bonus. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Bonus spins play out automatically. The bonus spins are free to the player. Cash Flip™ Feature The feature is available in Medusa Bonus only. Cash Flip™ is a coin-win feature. Cash Flip™ is triggered when the Red Bonus symbol is activated. The Cash Flip™ feature determines the prize value of the triggering Red Bonus symbol on the reels. During Cash Flip™, the Red Bonus symbol flips randomly, increasing its value step by step with each flip. The Red Bonus symbol has a random starting value of 2x, 3x, or 5x. The step sizes include 2x, 3x, 5x, 7x, 10x, 12x, 15x, 17x, 20x, 25x, 30x, 35x, 40x, 50x, 60x, 70x, 80x, 90x, 100x, 125x, 150x, 200x, 300x. When reactivated, the Red Bonus symbol continues to flip and increase its value, starting with the nearest greater possible step. The Red Bonus value can't increase over the Major jackpot value by flipping. Cash Multiplier Feature The feature is available in Medusa Bonus only. Cash Multiplier is a multiplier feature. Cash Multiplier is triggered when the Purple Bonus symbol is activated. Once the feature is triggered, 1-3 other prizes on the screen will be selected and multiplied by 2x, 3x or 5x. After the Purple Bonus symbol is activated and played out, it transforms into a random coin with a value between 0.2x and 0.5x. Upon reactivation, the Purple Bonus symbol multiplies 1-3 other prizes on screen by a random multiplier value. Cash Collect Feature The feature is available in Medusa Bonus only. Cash Collect is a collect feature. Cash Collect is triggered when the Blue Bonus symbol is activated. During Cash Collect, all current coin wins are collected and added to the feature collector. After the Blue Bonus symbol is activated and played out, it transforms into a random coin with a value between 0.2x and 5x. Upon reactivation, the Blue Bonus symbol collects all current coin values of symbols and adds them to its total value. Golden Bonus Feature The feature is available in Medusa Bonus and the base game. Golden Bonus is a sequential bonus feature. Golden Bonus is triggered when the Golden Bonus symbol is activated. If the Golden Bonus symbol lands in the base game, three cash features - Cash Flip™, Cash Multiplier, and Cash Collect - are played one after the other. If the Golden Bonus symbol lands during the Medusa Bonus, it reactivates up to 3 other Bonus symbols of each of the 3 types. Any type of Bonus symbol that is not on the screen when the Golden Bonus symbol lands will not be activated. After the Golden Bonus symbol is activated and played out, it transforms into a random coin with a value between 0.2x and 5x. Mega Jackpot Feature The feature is available in Medusa Bonus only. The Mega Jackpot is a jackpot feature. The Mega Jackpot is won when the grid is filled with symbols in Bonus. The Mega Jackpot value is fixed at 5 000x bet. When winnings are paid the feature ends. Medusa Magic Feature The feature is available in the base game only. The Medusa Magic feature may be randomly triggered before any reels stop. When triggered, the feature randomly awards: - Medusa Bonus trigger with 1 or 2 random Bonus symbols; - Medusa Bonus trigger with the Golden Bonus activating Red, Purple and Blue Bonus symbols; - Big win or a better base game result. Hot Cells The feature is available in the Bonus only. Hot Cells can appear on the reel area during any bonus spin. Hot Cells might appear on the reel area when the reels start to stop. There is an increased chance that Bonus or cash coin symbols will land on a reel with a Hot Cell present. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Bet: Set the current bet value. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Aborting Autoplay or stopping the reels during Autoplay will not affect the outcome of the game. Autoplay will automatically stop if a Bonus feature is triggered. This feature is available in base game only. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Bet Increase button: Increases the current bet. Bet Decrease button: Decreases the current bet. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Defaultspin button: Enables Defaultspin to resolve spins at default speed. This does not influence the results of the spin. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Turbospin button: Enables Turbospin to resolve spins even faster than Quickspin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Balance: Displays the current balances. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. A click or tap on the reels stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Game Menu Home button: Exits the game Paytable button: Displays payout tables. Bet Settings Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Game Terminology WILD = WILD MEDUSA BONUS = MEDUSA BONUS CASH FLIP™ = CASH FLIP CASH MULTIPLIER = CASH MULTIPLIER CASH COLLECT = CASH COLLECT JACKPOT = JACKPOT MEDUSA MAGIC = MEDUSA MAGIC BONUS SPINS = BONUS SPINS BONUS = BONUS MULTIPLIER = MULTIPLIER COLLECTOR = COLLECTOR MINOR = MINOR MINI = MINI MAJOR = MAJOR MEGA = MEGA BIG WIN = BIG WIN MEGA WIN = MEGA WIN EPIC WIN = EPIC WIN UNREAL = UNREAL START = START SPIN = SPIN STOP = STOP Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Start to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Use Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select No Thanks to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. This feature is only available in selected games. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Spacebar: Pressing this keyboard button will start or stop a reel spin. Spacebar: Holding down this keyboard button will start a quickspin. Enter: Pressing this keyboard button will start or stop a reel spin. Enter: Holding down this keyboard button will start a quickspin. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Last modification date: 8/12/2025