Kingfisher About this Game This is a 5 reel 4 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Payline Rules This game includes 20 paylines. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. The number of paylines played is fixed. Payout Rules Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins resulting from a spin. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. It’s possible to achieve a bonus, and line win combinations. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the paylines played. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the number of paylines played. Wild Symbols Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Scatters and Special Symbols. Scatter Symbols Kingfisher symbols are Scatter symbols. The Scatter symbol can land on any reel. The Scatter symbol can trigger the Bonus Feature. Bonus Feature Above each reel is an egg. When a Kingfisher lands on a reel, it pecks the egg above that reel and may crack it open. The Eggs on reels 1, 2, 4, and 5 have separate symbol enhancements that can be combined if more than one is triggered simultaneously. The Golden Egg on reel 3 awards free spins with all enhancements available, and a chance to increase the enhancement values before the free spins start. Cracking an egg triggers 10 free spins with the enhancement of any cracked egg added. Fish symbols with values are added to the reels during Free Spins, alongside any active upgrade symbols. Fish symbols can have values between 0.20x - 1 000x bet. Whenever a Kingfisher is present on the reels it collects all values in view, except during the respin, where it collects the values at the end of the respin session. Any winnings are determined by the value of the special symbol at the end of each free spin. Winnings are automatically collected at the end of this Bonus. The maximum win amount is limited to 6000x bet. If the total win of a Bonus Feature reaches or exceeds the maximum win amount, only the limit amount is awarded and the feature ends. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this bonus. Feature re-triggers are not possible during the Bonus Feature. REEL 1 - MULTIPLIER ENHANCEMENT Starts on x1, then upgrades by 1 for every special X symbol that lands in the feature. This enhancement multiplies the value of every Fish symbol or upgraded symbol during a Kingfisher collection. The maximum value available with the Multiplier enhancement is 5x. REEL 2 - ADDER ENHANCEMENT Starts on 0, then adds 1x the stake for every special + symbol that lands in the feature. This enhancement adds the value displayed in the box below the egg, to every Fish symbol or upgraded symbol during a Kingfisher collection. The maximum value available with the Adder enhancement is 5x the stake. REEL 3 - GOLDEN EGG FEATURE All enhancements are active and before the feature starts, there is a chance to increase the enhancement values. REEL 4 - SYMBOL UPGRADE Starting with the 10 symbol, adds a monetary value to a lowest paying symbol for every Arrow Up symbol that lands in the feature. Each landed Arrow Up symbol highlights an additional royal symbol in the box on the egg, progressing from 10 to, Jack, Queen, King and Ace. The monetary value added to any royal symbols is present for the duration of the feature and is collected during any Kingfisher collection. REEL 5 - RESPIN UPGRADE Every Heart symbol that lands adds a heart to the box on the respin egg. Each Heart represents a chance in the feature. Whenever a Kingfisher symbol lands on the reels, the Kingfisher symbol and all Fish and Upgraded symbols stick, and the remaining positions spin on their own. Every new Fish and Upgraded symbol sticks. For every spin that does not land any new Fish or Upgraded symbols, a chance is taken away. The respin ends when all chances are depleted, or all positions are filled with Fish or Upgraded symbols. After the respin ends, the number of chances resets to the amount displayed at the beginning of the last respin session. There are no paylines active during the respin feature. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Hold to Quick Spin: Hold the spin button to enable Quick Spin. Quick Spin ends when the spin button is lifted. This does not influence the results of the spin. Stake: Displays the current total bet. Stake button: Displays options to change the current bet. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Win: Displays the most recent win. Credits: Displays the current balances. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Sound button: Access volume slider and toggle sound on and off. Options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. Exit button: Exits the game. Game Settings Sounds: Enables game sounds. Music: Enables game music. Quickspin: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Close button: Closes the game menu. Home button: Exits the game. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Bet Settings Stake: Displays the current bet value. Bet controls: Increase or decrease the bet with the plus and minus symbols. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. This feature is available in base game only. In quick spin (where available), spins play out automatically at the increased speed selected. Big Win: Stops Autoplay after winning a big win. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Translation of Game Terms BIG WIN = BIG WIN SUPER WIN = SUPER WIN MEGA WIN = MEGA WIN EPIC WIN = EPIC WIN LEGENDARY WIN = LEGENDARY WIN Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. RTP : 94.08% Last modification date: 9/26/2025