A Tale of Elves About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Way Rules This game includes 243 ways. A way is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other in this pattern. Way wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the ways played. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the way cost of 30. Payout Rules Way win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The total payout is the sum of all way wins and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. If multiple winning combinations land on a single way, all wins are awarded. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. Wild Symbols The Wild Symbol creates a wild symbol stack. Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Scatters. Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a way combination. Scatter Symbols Scatters can create their own winning combination when landing anywhere on the reels. 2 symbols award a random bonus amount of 1x, 2x, 3x, or 50x the total bet. 3 or more symbols award a regular win. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Free Spins Selection 3, 4 or 5 Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels trigger this feature. 4 Free Spins features are available for selection. Yellow Elf Free Spins: 8 Free Spins at a 5x multiplier are awarded. Yellow Elf symbol is stacked 3 high. Orange Elf Free Spins: 10 Free Spins at a 4x multiplier are awarded. Orange Elf symbol is stacked 4 high. Green Elf Free Spins: 14 Free Spins at a 3x multiplier are awarded. Green Elf symbol is stacked 5 high. Blue Elf Free Spins: 18 Free Spins at a 2x multiplier are awarded. Blue Elf symbol is stacked 6 high. Free Spins Free Spins play out automatically. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. All ways played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. 3, 4 or 5 Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels retrigger Free Spins. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Paytable Achievements Paytable achievements track winning progress as the game is played. Winning symbol combinations are permanently highlighted on the payout table. Only base game wins are logged as achievements. Wins with symbol substitutions are not logged as achievements. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Credits: Displays the current balances. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Win: Displays the most recent win. Spin Settings button: Displays additional spin options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Desktop Controls Exit button: Exits the game. Game Menu Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Help button: Displays help and additional information. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Home button: Exits the game. Autoplay Settings Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. Bet Settings Bet Size: Sets the current bet value. Bet Value buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Max Bet button: Sets the current bet to the maximum value. Game Settings Quickspin: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Show Mini Paytables: Enables symbol payout display. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. RTP : 95.00%