Blazing Piranhas About this Game This is a 5 reel 4 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Payline Rules A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. This game includes 20 fixed paylines. The number of paylines played is fixed. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. All wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right only on adjacent reels. Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the current total bet pided by the payline cost of 5. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the paylines played. Payout Rules The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins resulting from a spin. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. Wild Symbols Piranha Wilds are Wild symbols. Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Scatters and Bonus symbols. When a winning line starts with a High value symbol, Wilds will substitute to create a highest paying combination. Between 1x and 6x can land at once in Base Game. Between 3x and 6x will land at once in Free Spins. If a High value symbol is to the left of the Piranha Wild symbol the High value symbol turns Wild. When the Piranha Wild Symbol has replaced the High Value Symbol a Regular Wild Symbol will remain. Piranha Wild symbols and Regular Wild symbols stay on the reels for the duration of the spin. Scatter Symbols Free Spin symbols are Scatter symbols. This symbol can appear in the base game and Free Spins. Free Spin symbols do not have a payout. Free Spins 3, 4 or 5 Free Spins symbols anywhere on the reels trigger this feature. When Free Spins are triggered, the player chooses the number of spins and Wilds based on the number of Scatter symbols displayed. 3 Scatter symbols award the choice of: 12 Free Spins with 3 Wilds or 10 Free Spins with 4 Wilds or 7 Free Spins with 5 Wilds or 5 Free Spins with 6 Wilds. 4 Scatter symbols award the choice of: 24 Free Spins with 3 Wilds or 20 Free Spins with 4 Wilds or 14 Free Spins with 5 Wilds or 10 Free Spins with 6 Wilds. 5 Scatter symbols award the choice of: 36 Free Spins with 3 Wilds or 30 Free Spins with 4 Wilds or 21 Free Spins with 5 Wilds or 15 Free Spins with 6 Wilds. During the Free Spins, the number of wilds initially selected will be randomly displayed on the board. Free spins can be retriggered to grant additional spins and wilds equal to the number initially selected. Free Spins play out automatically. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Wins awarded during this feature are added to base game wins. Jackpot Wheel Fill the Jackpot Wheel progress Bar to trigger the Jackpot Wheel. Every coin that lands in the Base Game, Free Spins and LockNWin® feature increases the Jackpot Wheel progress bar. Progress on the Jackpot Wheel progress bar is saved per bet level. The Jackpot Wheel awards 1 of 5 Jackpot prizes. When the win indicator lands on an Advance segment of the wheel, another spin is awarded and is played at the next level of the Jackpot Wheel. LockNWin® Feature This feature can trigger in base game and Free Spins. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Land 6 or more coin symbols anywhere on the reels to trigger the LockNWin® feature. 3 respins are awarded. All symbols are removed except Coins which lock on the reels when they land. Additional rows can be unlocked. Locked rows are inactive. If the entire board is unlocked and filled with Coins, the Mega Jackpot is awarded. Coins in inactive rows do not contribute to the payout. Every time a Coin lands in the active area the respin count resets to 3. LockNWin® ends when the count runs out or the reels are full of Coins. Regular coin symbols award cash prizes between 1 - 12x the bet. Multiplier coin symbols multiply all coins in the active area by up to 5x and award cash prizes 5x the bet. Key coin symbols unlock additional rows and award cash prizes between 1 - 5x the bet. Star Coin triggers Jackpot LockNWin® at the end of LockNWin® Jackpot LockNWin® Feature The Jackpot LockNWin® is triggered at the end of the LockNWin® feature by collecting 1 or more Star Coins during the LockNWin®. Only one Jackpot prize can be won per Jackpot LockNWin® feature. Star Coins land on every spin in The Jackpot LockNWin® feature. When 3 Star Coins are collected on a row, the corresponding Jackpot is awarded. Autoplay Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. This feature is available in base game only. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. Big Win: Stops autoplay after winning a big win Autoplay is played at the current bet selected. Buy Feature This feature is available in base game only. Access the buy menu by pressing the Buy Bonus button. Activating the Buy feature instantly triggers the selected feature. The Free spins cost is 53.15 x the total bet. The LockNWin® cost is 31.59 x the total bet. The Jackpot Wheel cost is 31.91 x the total bet. The Jackpot LockNWin® cost is 32.37 x the total bet. The bet level for the feature may be chosen in the buy menu. The average payout for selected buy features may change compared to those features triggered during regular gameplay. Game Controls Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Balance: Displays the current balances. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Max Bet button: Increases the bet to the maximum available level. Win: Displays the most recent win. Exit button: Exits the game. Help button: Displays help and additional information. Menu button: Opens the game menu. Info button: Opens the paytable menu. Bet controls: Increase or decrease the bet with the plus and minus symbols. Hold to Turbo Spin: Hold the spin button to enable Turbo Spin. Turbo Spin ends when the spin button is lifted. This does not influence the results of the spin. Game Menu Home button: Exits the game. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Banking button: Displays the banking page. Close button: Closes the game menu. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Big win toggle: Toggles big win celepation display on or off. Splash page toggle: Toggles the splash page display on or off. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Bet Settings Bet Amount: Sets the current bet value. Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Bet Value buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Min Bet button: Sets the current bet to the minimum value. Max Bet button: Sets the current bet to the maximum value. Game Settings Quickspin: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Left-Handed Mode button: Enables left-handed mode. Music: Enables game music. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Splash page toggle: Toggles the splash page display on or off. Big Win: Enables big win animations Turbospin button: Enables Turbospin to resolve spins faster than Quick Spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Game Terminology Blazing Piranhas™ = Blazing Piranhas™ FREE SPINS = FREE SPINS WILD = WILD JACKPOT = JACKPOT EPIC WIN = EPIC WIN MEGA WIN = MEGA WIN SUPER WIN = SUPER WIN BIG WIN = BIG WIN MAX BET = MAX BET Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Last modification date: 3/13/2024