Sonic Links About this Game ´üČ Welcome to Sonic Links. ´üČ This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. ´üČ It features Link Ôäó and Sonic Free Spins. ´üČ This game has 25 lines. General ´üČ Win on a line pays if in succession from the leftmost to the rightmost position according to the PAYTABLE. ´üČ Only the highest win per line is paid. ´üČ Simultaneous wins on different lines are added. ´üČ Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except Free Spins symbols and Coin symbols. ´üČ Wild symbols substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a line according to the PAYTABLE. ´üČ Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. ´üČ Coin symbols only pay out in Link Ôäó. ´üČ Sonic Free Spins and Link Ôäó cannot trigger in the same spin. Sonic Free Spins ´üČ 3 Free Spins symbols appearing anywhere on reels 1, 3 and 5 in the base game triggers the Sonic Free Spins wheels. ´üČ Free Spins symbols only appear on reels 1, 3, and 5 in the base game and in Sonic Free Spins. ´üČ There are 2 spinning wheels: a Multiplier wheel and a Spins wheel. ´üČ The Multiplier wheel awards a multiplier according to the PAYTABLE. ´üČ The Spins wheel awards a certain number of Sonic Free Spins according to the PAYTABLE. ´üČ All line wins during Sonic Free Spins will be multiplied by the awarded multiplier. ´üČ Landing 3 Free Spins symbols awards an additional number of Sonic Free Spins equal to the initial number awarded from the wheel. ´üČ Landing 3 Free Spins symbols does not retrigger the Sonic Free Spins wheels. ´üČ The last bet placed in the game is used as the Sonic Free Spins bet amount. ´üČ Winnings are automatically collected during Sonic Free Spins. ´üČ It is not possible to trigger Sonic Free Spins within Link Ôäó. Link Ôäó ´üČ Landing 3, 4 or 5 Coin symbols anywhere on the reels in base game gives a chance to trigger this feature. ´üČ Landing 3, 4 or 5 Coin symbols anywhere on the reels in base game triggers ECHO CHANCE. ´üČ ECHO CHANCE gives a chance of triggering Link Ôäó. ´üČ Landing 4 Coin symbols has a higher chance of triggering the feature than 3. ´üČ Landing 5 Coin symbols has a higher chance of triggering the feature than 4. ´üČ Landing 6 or more Coin symbols anywhere on the reels in base game guarantees this feature. ´üČ Coin symbols only appear in base game and Link Ôäó. ´üČ The feature awards 3 Spins. ´üČ The triggering Coin symbols from the base game will remain in place at the start of Link Ôäó. ´üČ When one or more Coin symbols land, they remain in place and the spin counter resets to 3. ´üČ The Link Ôäó feature is played with 15 independent reels. ´üČ Only Coin symbols and blank spaces appear on the reels. ´üČ Each Coin symbol has a cash value or a prize. ´üČ The possible cash values are 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, 10x, 12x, 15x, 18x, 20x current bet. ´üČ The possible prizes are BIG, MAJOR and MEGA. ´üČ The BIG prize awards 25x the current bet. ´üČ The MAJOR prize awards 80x the current bet. ´üČ The MEGA prize awards 300x the current bet. ´üČ If all 15 reels are filled with Coin symbols, a SONIC prize of 5000x current bet is awarded in addition to the collected win amount. ´üČ The feature ends when there are no more Spins or if the SONIC prize is awarded. ´üČ Line wins, if any, are paid out before the feature begins. ´üČ The last bet you placed in the game is used as the feature bet amount. ´üČ Winnings are paid out at the end of the feature. ´üČ It is not possible to trigger Link Ôäó within Sonic Free Spins. Game Terms Translations ´üČ The following list is only applicable in a language other than English ´üČ SONIC LINKS - SONIC LINKS ´üČ ECHO CHANCE - ECHO CHANCE ´üČ COIN - COIN ´üČ FREE SPINS - FREE SPINS ´üČ LINK Ôäó - LINK Ôäó ´üČ SONIC FREE SPINS - SONIC FREE SPINS ´üČ WILD - WILD ´üČ MULTIPLIER - MULTIPLIER ´üČ SPINS - SPINS ´üČ 25 LINES - 25 LINES ´üČ AWARD - AWARD ´üČ BIG - BIG ´üČ MAJOR - MAJOR ´üČ MEGA - MEGA ´üČ SONIC - SONIC ´üČ LAST SPIN - LAST SPIN ´üČ BIG WIN - BIG WIN ´üČ MEGA WIN - MEGA WIN ´üČ EPIC WIN - EPIC WIN ´üČ JUST FOR THE WIN - JUST FOR THE WIN Game Controls ´üČ Autoplay settings: Select a number of spins to auto play by selecting a value. Start and stop the Autoplay by pressing the spin button. ´üČ Balance field: Displays the current account balance. ´üČ Bet field: Displays the current bet size. ´üČ Bet settings: Change the bet size by selecting a value. ´üČ Win field: Displays the pay in a winning round. ´üČ Spin Button: Start the game with the current bet size as displayed in the bet field. Clicking or tapping anywhere on the reels during a spin displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. ´üČ Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Game Menu ´üČ Advanced settings: Navigate to the Responsible Gaming pages. ´üČ Advanced settings: Open the Advanced Settings menu. ´üČ Advanced settings: Turn Quick Spin on or off. ´üČ Banking: Navigate to the Banking pages. ´üČ Lobby: Navigate back to the lobby. ´üČ Menu button: Displays additional game options. ´üČ Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. ´üČ Settings button: Displays the game settings. ´üČ Sound settings: Turn sound on or off. ´üČ Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Autoplay Settings ´üČ Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Return to Player ´üČ The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. ´üČ Values reflect the average expected return and do not change. ´üČ Overall RTP: 96.06%. ´üČ Values are calculated initially by piding the total possible payouts by the total possible outcomes that are available within the game. Additional Information ´üČ Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. ´üČ Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 7/6/2022