9 Blazing Diamonds About this Game ´üČ This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. ´üČ The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. ´üČ Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Bet Rules ´üČ Each spin played costs a total bet amount. ´üČ The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the payline cost of 10. ´üČ The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the paylines played. Payline Rules ´üČ This game includes 25 paylines. ´üČ A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. ´üČ A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. ´üČ Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. ´üČ The number of paylines played is fixed. Payout Rules ´üČ Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. ´üČ The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. ´üČ If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. ´üČ The total payout is the sum of all payline wins and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. ´üČ Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. ´üČ The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Play button: Continues the game. Fast Play Active Indicator: Indicates when Fast Play is active. Bet Increase button: Increases the current bet up to the next highest available bet. Bet Decrease button: Decreases the current bet down to the next lowest available bet. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay start button: Starts Autoplay session. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Game Menu button: Displays the game settings and game payout table. Game Menu System Menu button: Displays additional system options. Help button: Displays help and additional information. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Bet button: Displays the bet options. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Return to Game button: Closes the Game Menu and returns to the base game. Bet Settings Coin Size: Sets the coin value. Coins Per Line: Sets the number of coins to bet per line. Additional Information ´üČ Some settings and features may not be available in this game. ´üČ Malfunction voids all pays and plays. ´üČ In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. ´üČ The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. ´üČ The results of the last game played are displayed. ´üČ If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. ´üČ Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Wild Symbols ´üČ Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. ´üČ Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. ´üČ Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Scatter and Bonus symbols. Scatter Symbols ´üČ Blazing Diamond symbols are Scatter symbols. ´üČ Scatters can create their own winning combination when landing anywhere on the reels. ´üČ Scatter prizes displayed are based on total bet, and are not further multiplied. Blazing Wheel Feature ´üČ Blazing Wheel symbols appear in base game only. ´üČ Blazing Wheel symbols appear on reel 1, 3 and 5 only. ´üČ 3 Blazing Wheel symbols anywhere on the reels trigger this feature. ´üČ The Blazing Wheel awards either Free Spins or a Blazing Diamond prize, as well as a multiplier. ´üČ Blazing Diamond prizes from the wheel are multiplied by the wheel multiplier and awarded. ´üČ The Blazing Wheel multiplier applies to all wins in Free Spins. Free Spins ´üČ All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. ´üČ All lines played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. ´üČ Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. ´üČ Free Spins cannot be retriggered. Return to Player ´üČ The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. ´üČ This value is fixed and does not change. ´üČ This game has an RTP of 96.33%. Last modification date: 10/25/2022