6 Tokens of Gold: Mystery Joker Link and Win About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Payline Rpes This game includes 25 paylines. The number of paylines played is fixed. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Bet Rpes Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the current total bet pided by the payline cost of 10. Payout Rpes Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. If mptiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins respting from a spin. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The win over value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. Wild Symbols Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Scatters, Coin and Mystery symbols. Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. Scatter Symbols Scatter symbols appear on reels 1, 3 and 5 only. Scatters can create their own winning combination when landing anywhere on the reels. Mystery Symbol Mystery Symbols are present in Base Game and Free Spins. This symbol can land on any reel spin. All Mystery Symbols that land are transformed into the same random symbol, except Scatter. During Free Spins Mystery symbols appear in blocks of 2x2 or 3x3. Link&Win™ Feature The feature can trigger in base game and Free Spins. 6 or more Coin symbols anywhere on the reels trigger this feature. Link&Win™ and Free Spins features cannot be triggered on the same spin. 3 free respins are awarded. Only Coin symbols and blank reel symbol spaces appear on the reels. Triggering Coin symbols are held in place while all other symbol positions respin. Any additional Coin symbols that land are held, and reset the remaining respins to 3. Each Coin symbol has a random mptiplier value or one of the following jackpots: Mini, Minor or Mega. The mptiplier values allocated are 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 10x, 15x and 50x. The Mega Jackpot awards a 750x total bet. The Minor Jackpot awards 100x total bet. The Mini Jackpot awards 20x total bet. The mptiplier values are mptiplied by the total bet. All Coin prizes are awarded at the end of the feature. The feature ends when no respins remain or when all 15 symbol positions are filled. The Maxi Jackpot is awarded in addition to other prizes when all 15 symbols positions are filled with Coin symbols. The Maxi Jackpot awards 10 000x total bet. Wins awarded during the feature are added to the payline wins of the spin that triggered the feature. Free Spins 3 Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels trigger this feature. 6 Free Spins are awarded. Landing 2 Scatters awards 3 additional Free Spins. Landing 3 Scatters awards 6 additional Free Spins. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. All lines played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Free Spins play out automatically. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Buy Feature This feature is available in base game only. Activating this feature will instantly trigger the selected feature. 40x current bet triggers Free Spins. 55x current bet triggers Link&Win™. The feature is played at the current bet. This feature is not available above a certain bet threshold. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. This feature is available in base game only. Autoplay Settings Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. Bet Settings Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Bet Amount: Sets the current bet value. Game Controls Balance: Displays the current balances. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Menu button: Displays a menu of general system and game options. Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Continue button: Advances to the next screen. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Pressing the Spin button during AutoPlay ends the current Autoplay session. Home button: Exits the game. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rpes will be conducted in accordance with regpatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The respts of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the respts of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Depending on the game you are playing, the RTP value may be defined as a single value or defined by the different stages or modes of the game. Last modification date: 5/21/2025