Timelines About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. l Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Bet Rules l Each spin played costs a total bet amount. Payout Rules The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. If multiple winning combinations land on a single way, only the highest win is awarded. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. l The total payout is the sum of all way wins resulting from a spin. The win over value is achieved from the cumulative winnings of an entire Free Spins session. Way Rules This game includes 243 ways. l A way is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other in this pattern. l Way wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Scatter Symbols l Multiplier, Timeline, Diamond and Wormhole symbols are Scatter symbols. l Scatters except Diamond symbols do not have a payout. l Scatters except Wormhole symbols can appear on any reel. l Wormhole symbols appear on reel 1, 3 and 5 only. l Wormhole symbols appear in base game only. Multipliers 2x, 3x, 4x and 5x Multipliers are available in the base game. l 4x, 6x, 8x and 10x Multipliers are available in Free Spins. Multiple Multiplier symbols can land on the reels. l The sum of the multipliers is applied to wins on that spin. Timeline Bonus l Land 1 or more Timeline symbol to start the feature. l The last 5 spins are saved in the mini reels. l During the feature, symbols are transferred from the mini reels. l Each Timeline symbol can transfer up to 3 symbols from the mini reels. l Transferred symbols replace symbols on the main reel. l All symbols can be transferred except the Timeline symbol. l Wins are awarded once the feature is complete. l The mini reels are saved per bet. Epic Strike™ Landing 3 or more Diamond symbols on the reels awards an Epic Strike™ cash prize. Only the highest paying count of the Diamond symbols pay out. l Diamond symbol pays are calculated by multiplying the total bet. l Any multiplier that lands during the feature is applied to the wins. l Wins are awarded once the feature is complete. Free Spins 3 Wormhole symbols anywhere on the reels trigger 10 Free Spins. Free Spins play out automatically. l All ways played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. l All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. l Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. l Free Spins cannot be retriggered. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. l Bet: Displays the current total bet. l Total Win: Displays the most recent total win. l Balance: Displays the current balances. l Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Game Menu Game Rules button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Banking button: Displays the banking page. Home button: Exits the game. Close button: Closes the game menu. Additional Information In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. l The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. l Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. The win over value is achieved from the cumulative winnings of an entire Free Spins session. l Some settings and features may not be available in this game. l Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Values are calculated initially by dividing the total payouts by the total bets from a simulation of numerous game rounds. Values reflect the maximum expected return and do not change. l Overall RTP: 96.17%. The probability of triggering certain game events may change during gameplay depending on the current game state or progress. Last modification date: 7/7/2022