Joyful Joker About this Game ´üČ The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. ´üČ This is a 6 reel MegawaysÔäó video slot game. ´üČ Reels 1 and 6 can feature up to 7 symbols. ´üČ Reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 can feature up to 6 symbols. ´üČ There is an extra horizontal reel above reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. ´üČ The extra reel adds 1 symbol to the top of these reels. ´üČ Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Way Rules ´üČ This game includes up to 117649 MegawaysÔäó to win. ´üČ MegawaysÔäó under license from Big Time Gaming. ´üČ A way is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs across the reels. ´üČ A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other in this pattern. ´üČ Way wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Bet Rules ´üČ Each spin played costs a total bet amount. ´üČ The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the way cost of 20. Payout Rules ´üČ Way win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. ´üČ Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. ´üČ The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. ´üČ The total payout is the sum of all way wins resulting from a spin. ´üČ The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. ´üČ The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. Wild Symbols ´üČ Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Scatters. ´üČ Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. ´üČ Wild symbols do not create their own win. ´üČ This symbol appears on extra reel only. Scatter Symbols ´üČ Scatters appear on the reels 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6 in the base game. ´üČ Scatters appear only on the extra reel in Free Spins. ´üČ Scatters are not removed in the Rolling ReelsÔäó feature. ´üČ Scatters do not create their own win. Rolling ReelsÔäó Feature ´üČ This feature can trigger in base game and Free Spins. ´üČ This feature triggers after any ways win. ´üČ Winning symbols are removed from the reels and replaced with new random symbols. ´üČ If new winning combinations are formed, the feature triggers again. ´üČ The feature continues until no winning combinations are present on the reels. ´üČ This feature includes a Multiplier Trail in Free Spins. ´üČ The multiplier starts at 2x, or the last win multiplier achieved during Joker Spin feature. ´üČ The win multiplier value increases by 1 on every consecutive trigger of Rolling ReelsÔäó. ´üČ The increasing multiplier is unlimited. ´üČ The current multiplier value is held if the shifting symbols do not complete a win. ´üČ The next win is multiplied by the multiplier value displayed. Joker Spin ´üČ This feature can trigger in base game only. ´üČ This feature can trigger on any winning spin. ´üČ This feature awards a win multiplier for the current spin. ´üČ The win multiplier starts at 2x, 3x, 5x or 10x. ´üČ The win multiplier value increases by 1 on every consecutive trigger of Rolling ReelsÔäó. ´üČ The increasing multiplier is unlimited. ´üČ The win multiplier is cleared once the feature is complete. ´üČ The win multiplier is not cleared if Free Spins are triggered during the feature. ´üČ Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Free Spins ´üČ 4 Scatter symbols trigger 10 Free Spins. ´üČ Every additional Scatter symbol adds 2 Free Spins. ´üČ 3 Scatters on the extra reel award an additional 3 Free Spins. ´üČ 4 Scatters on the extra reel award an additional 4 Free Spins. ´üČ Free Spins play out automatically. ´üČ All ways played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. ´üČ All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. ´üČ Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Play button: Continues the game. Fast Play Active Indicator: Indicates when Fast Play is active. Bet Increase button: Increases the current bet up to the next highest available bet. Bet Decrease button: Decreases the current bet down to the next lowest available bet. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay start button: Starts Autoplay session. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Game Menu button: Displays the game settings and game payout table. Game Menu System Menu button: Displays additional system options. Help button: Displays help and additional information. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Bet button: Displays the bet options. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Return to Game button: Closes the Game Menu and returns to the base game. Bet Settings Coin Size: Sets the coin value. Coins Per Line: Sets the number of coins to bet per line. Each game has different options and AutoPlay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. Additional Information ´üČ Some settings and features may not be available in this game. ´üČ Malfunction voids all pays and plays. ´üČ In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. ´üČ The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. ´üČ The results of the last game played are displayed. ´üČ If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. ´üČ Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Return to Player ´üČ The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. ´üČ This value is fixed and does not change. ´üČ This game has an RTP of 96.25%. Last modification date: 5/18/2021