4 Diamond Blues Megaways About Featuring 117649 Megaways™ to Win, a 6 Reel Video Slot with features that include: l Rolling Reels™ l Scatter symbol l Wild Symbol l Bonus Reel l Free Spins Feature l Unlimited Multiplier during Free Spins Play the game l Select Bet and select the total number of credits you want to bet per spin. l Your bet is the credits staked. l Select the Spin button to start the spin at the stake displayed. l The 6 reels will spin and then come to stop, displaying the result. Game Settings Change your game settings by doing the following: Select Menu. Select Settings. Choose the required setting: l Sounds: Toggles Sounds On/Off l Quick Spin: Toggles Quick Spin On/Off l Quick Spin Prompt: Toggles Quick Spin Prompt On/Off Desktop Only l Depending on your game, selecting the space bar may also start the game. l Depending on your game, selecting the space bar may also stop the game. Ways and Payouts l There are up to 117649 Megaways™ to win. l Matching symbols must be on adjacent reels, from left-to-right, starting from the first slot reel. l The Bonus Reel is included in all payouts where applicable l All wins pay left to right except Scatter which pays any. Page1of3 l Highest win paid per winning combination. All winning combinations are added together. l All wins are multiplied by the credits staked. Bonus Reel l A Bonus Reel can be found above the regular reels thus increasing your chances of winning! l The Bonus Reel adds an additional symbol to reels 2,3,4 and 5 respectively. l Each reel can have up to 7 symbols. Rolling Reels™ l Rolling Reels™ trigger on every win. l Winning symbols are removed and replaced with new random symbols. l Rolling Reels™ can award multiple consecutive wins per spin. l Rolling Reels™ are available in Base Game and Free Spins. Wild Symbol l Wild Symbols substitutes for all symbols except Scatter. l Wild Symbols are only available in the Bonus Reel. Scatter Symbol l In order to win, the Scatter Symbol does not need to appear on adjacent reels. l This symbol cannot be substituted by the wild, multiplier symbol. l No symbol payout is associated with the Scatter Symbol. Free Spins l The credits staked to trigger the Free Spins feature is used as the free spins bet amount. l Achieve 4 Scatters to trigger Free Spins which awards 12 Free Spins l During the Free Spins trigger, every additional Scatter adds 5 extra Free Spins to your feature. During Free Spins l During Free Spins, the Win Multiplier begins at 1x and increases with each successive win. l The Free Spins Win Multiplier is Unlimited. l During Free Spins the Scatter Symbol can only appear on the Bonus Reel. l Free Spins can be retriggered. l The credits staked when triggering additional Free Spins will be used for the Free Spins duration. l Achieve 3 Scatter Symbols to award 5 additional Free Spins during the feature. l Achieve 4 Scatter Symbols to award 10 additional Free Spins during the feature. l All winnings are automatically added into your balance during Free Spins. Completing Free Spins l The total Free Spin winnings will be displayed. l You can then resume regular play. Quick Spin Quick Spin increases the reel spin speed to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. To enable Quick Spin in the game: l Tap and hold the Spin button. l Navigate to the Setting Screen, enable the Quick Spin toggle. To disable Quick Spin in the game: l Tap and hold the Spin button. l Navigate to the Setting Screen, disable the Quick Spin toggle. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Return To Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. RTP - 96.40% RTP - BUY FREE SPINS - 96.48% Last modification date: 9/17/2021