Book of Captain Silver About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. l Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Payline Rules This game includes 10 paylines. The number of paylines played is fixed. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the number of paylines played. Payout Rules Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. Wild Scatter The Book Symbol acts as a Wild and a Scatter. Wilds can substitute for all symbols to complete a winning combination. Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Expanding symbols. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Scatters can create their own winning combination when landing anywhere on the reels. Captain's Wheel Bonus This feature can randomly trigger on any spin where at least one Wild Scatter has landed. The graphical Wild Scatters collection in the game is purely for visual entertainment and as such does not influence awarding a jackpot. This feature consists of a wheel divided into coloured segments. Each segment is associated with a different jackpot. The spinning of the wheel must be started by the player. Depending on where the wheel stops, the respective jackpot is won. 4 jackpot prizes are available. The Mega Jackpot awards a 10000x total bet. The Major Jackpot awards a 500x total bet. The Minor Jackpot awards a 50x total bet. The Mini Jackpot awards a 15x total bet. If this feature and Free Spins trigger simultaneously, this feature plays out first. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Expanding Symbol This feature is available in Free Spins only. A random symbol will become the Expanding Symbol for the duration of Free Spins, except the Wild Scatter symbol. This symbol does not need to appear on adjacent reels to complete a winning combination. This symbol does not need to appear on the first slot reel to complete a winning combination. This symbol will only expand if it completes a winning combination. Expanding Symbol wins are added to regular wins. Free Spins 3, 4 or 5 Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels trigger 10 Free Spins. Free Spins play out automatically. All lines played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. 3, 4 or 5 Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels retrigger 10 Free Spins. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically Spins are played at the current selected bet The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Autoplay Settings Some Settings and features may not available in this game Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Total bet: Sets the current bet value Bet Settings Bet Amount: Sets the current bet value. Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Game Controls Balance: Displays the current balances. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Menu button: Displays a menu of general system and game options. Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Pressing the Spin button during the current spin stops the reels quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Pressing the Spin button during AutoPlay ends the current Autoplay session. Home button: Exits the game. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. This value is fixed and does not change. This game has an RTP of 94.24%. Last modification date: 12/8/2021