Tippys Golden Pot About this Game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other in this pattern. Way wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. This game is played with credits only. This game includes 1024 ways. There are 5 reels, 4 rows in base game. Additional reels and rows can be activated. Spins within Bonus feature will be called bonus spins. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. Payout Rules Wins are multiplied by the total bet. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. If multiple winning combinations land on a single way, only the highest win is awarded. The total payout is the sum of all way wins resulting from a spin. Way win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. Coinciding wins on different winways are added to the win. Way Rules A way is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other in this pattern. This game includes 1024 ways. Way wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Wild Symbols Wild symbols appear in base game only. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Bonus symbols. Tippy Pots Feature The Tippy Pots is a jackpot feature available in the base game. Every Wild that lands grants a chance of triggering the Tippy Pots jackpot wheel. Every Wild that lands increases its respective Tippy Pots jackpot prize by 0.5x bet. Purple, green, and red Wilds increase the Minor, Major and Mega prizes respectively. The Minor starts at 10x bet and can reach a maximum of 100x bet. The Major starts at 50x bet and can reach a maximum of 500x bet. The Mega starts at 1000x bet and can reach a maximum of 10000x bet. In the Tippy Pots feature, a jackpot wheel is presented to award 1 of the 3 prizes. Once a jackpot prize is awarded, it resets to its starting value. The feature will payout according to normal way win payout rules. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Tippy Spin Feature The Tippy Spin feature can trigger in base game only. Every Wild that lands grants a chance of triggering the Tippy Spin. During Tippy Spin random symbols are replaced with Wilds. The feature will payout according to normal way win payout rules. Bonus Feature This feature is available in base game only. Bonus is triggered by 3 or more scattered Bonus symbols landing anywhere on the reels. The Bonus symbol is a scatter symbol. 3 Bonus symbols award the Bonus feature with 3 spins, no Stars collected, and 3 Coin symbols (1x-9x bet). 4 Bonus symbols award the Bonus feature with 4 spins, 3 Stars collected, and 4 Coin symbols (1x-9x bet). 5 Bonus symbols award the Bonus feature with 4 spins, 6 Stars collected, 4 Coin symbols (1x-9x bet), and 1 Chest (PERSISTENT COLLECTOR) symbol. 3 Stars collected award an additional spin on each retrigger. 6 Stars collected award the Chest (PERSISTENT COLLECTOR) symbol. During Bonus 3 different types of symbols may land on the reels: Coins (1x-50x bet), Stars, and special symbols. Star (FEATURE UPGRADER) symbol is collected on top of the reels. During Bonus 3 Stars collected award an additional spin on each retrigger and 6 Stars collected award the Chest symbol (PERSISTENT COLLECTOR). Diamond (EXPANDER) expands the reels once upwards. The reels can be expanded twice to a grid size of 5x6. Jug (PAYER) lands with a value between 1x-9x bet, and adds this value to all other symbol cash values, once. Barrel (PERSISTENT PAYER) lands with a value between 1x-9x bet, and adds this value to all other symbol cash values, after each spin, starting from the spin it lands up until the Bonus ends. Pouch (COLLECTOR) lands with a value between 1x-9x bet, and collects all other symbol cash values and adds them to its own value, once. Chest (PERSISTENT COLLECTOR) lands with a value between 1x-9x bet, and collects all other symbol cash values and adds them to its own value after each spin, starting from the spin it lands up until the Bonus ends. Tippy (PERSISTENT MULTIPLIER) lands with a multiplier between 2x-9x, and multiplies all other symbol cash values starting from the spin it lands up until the Bonus ends. During Bonus Coin, Diamond, Jug, Barrel, Pouch, and Chest symbols may be turned into Tippy Gold symbol. Bonus spins are reset when Coins, Stars and special symbols land on the reels. The Bonus ends when there are no remaining bonus spins left or no new symbols land. At the end of the Bonus, each symbols indicated value is calculated together and paid as the Total Win of the Bonus. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Bonus spins play out automatically. The bonus spins are free to the player. Tippy Gold Feature The feature is available in Bonus only. The feature is triggered by Diamond, Coin, Jug, Barrel, Pouch, and Chest symbols reaching the defined value. If a Coin, Jug, Barrel or Pouch reach a value of 250x bet, they are turned into Tippy Gold symbol of 250x bet. If a Chest reaches a value of 2 500x bet, it is turned into Tippy Gold symbol of 2 500x bet. Tippy Gold symbols can be collected by the Pouch or Chest symbols. Hot Spots The feature is available in Bonus only. Hot Spots and Rainbow Hot Spots can appear on the reel area during any Bonus spin. Hot Spots might appear on the reel area when the reels start to stop. A maximum of 3 Hot Spots can appear on the reel area at the same time. There is an increased chance that a special symbol or a Star will land on a reel with a Hot Spot present. Rainbow Hot Spots might also appear randomly when the reels start to stop. A maximum of 1 Rainbow Hot Spot can appear on the reel area at the same time. For each Rainbow Hot Spot, it is guaranteed a special symbol or a Star will land within that reel position. Buy Feature This feature is available in base game only. Activating this feature will instantly trigger the Bonus feature. This feature is not available above a certain bet threshold. The feature is played at the current bet. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. The Buy feature cost for 3, 4, 5 scattered Bonus symbols is 40x, 80x, 250x bet respectively. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Bet: Set the current bet value. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Aborting Autoplay or stopping the reels during Autoplay will not affect the outcome of the game. Autoplay will automatically stop if a Bonus feature is triggered. This feature is available in base game only. Bet Settings Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Game Terminology TIPPY’S GOLDEN POT™ = TIPPY’S GOLDEN POT™ WILD = WILD BONUS = BONUS BIG WIN = BIG WIN MEGA WIN = MEGA WIN EPIC WIN = EPIC WIN LEGENDARY WIN = LEGENDARY WIN BUY = BUY START = START SPIN = SPIN STOP = STOP TIPPY POTS = TIPPY POTS TIPPY SPIN = TIPPY SPIN TIPPY GOLD = TIPPY GOLD MINOR = MINOR MAJOR = MAJOR MEGA = MEGA HOT SPOTS = HOT SPOTS BONUS SPINS = BONUS SPINS Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Start to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Use Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select No Thanks to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. This feature is only available in selected games. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Spacebar: Pressing this keyboard button will start or stop a reel spin. Spacebar: Holding down this keyboard button will start a quickspin. Enter: Pressing this keyboard button will start or stop a reel spin. Enter: Holding down this keyboard button will start a quickspin. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Values are calculated initially by piding the total payouts by the total bets from a simulation of numerous game rounds. Values reflect the average expected return and do not change. Last modification date: 5/23/2024