Cash Carts Western Wagos About this Game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. This is a 5 reel 4 row video slot game. This game is played with credits only. Spins within the Free Spins feature will be called free spins. Payline Rules This game includes 20 paylines. The number of paylines played is fixed. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. Payout Rules Wins are multiplied by the total bet. Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Free Spins symbols pay scattered. Coinciding wins on different paylines are added to the win. The win count-up will continue to the payout limit of this game. Wild Symbols Wild symbols appear on all reels during base game, Lucky Loser, Bandit Collect, Free Spins and Cash Carts™ features. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Free Spins, Cash, Cart, and Jackpot symbols. Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. Lucky Loser Feature This feature is available in base game only. Lucky Loser is triggered randomly when the Bandit Collect symbol lands on either reel 1 or 5, or both. Additionally, during the triggering spin, no Cash or Cart symbols should land on the reels. During Lucky Loser, 1 to 12 random Cash symbols drop down on the reels from the golden cart. Cash values are from 0.2x to 50x bet. When each Cash symbol is collected by bandits and paid out, the feature ends. Bandit Collect Feature This feature is available in base game and free spins. The feature is triggered by landing Cash on the same spin as the Bandit Collect symbol lands on the reels. Cash symbols can land on all the reels, while Bandit Collect lands only on reels 1 and 5. A maximum of 2 Bandit Collect symbols may land on the reels. During the feature the Bandit Collect symbol collects the value of all Cash symbols on the reels and awards the player the total amount. If a Bandit Collect symbol lands on both reels 1 and 5 on the same spin, both symbols will collect the total amount of all cash values on the reels. When winnings are paid the feature ends. Collect wins pay scattered. Cash Carts™ Feature This feature is available in base game and free spins. The feature is triggered by landing Cart symbols on the reels the same spin as the Bandit Collect symbol lands on the reels. Each Cart symbol triggers its own Cash Carts™ feature. For each Cart symbol on the reels, triggered features will happen one after the other. During the feature carts on the top of the reels award random cash prizes of 0.2x-50x bet. The amount of carts that appear during the feature is random (5-10). All cash prizes from the carts are collected to the Cart symbol. On the last cart a multiplier between 2x-5x, Jackpot symbol or a "+1 Cash Carts™" text may appear. If the last cart contains a multiplier, the multiplier is applied to the total value collected in the Cart symbol. If the last cart contains a Jackpot, the value of the Jackpot is added to the total collected in the Cart symbol. If the last cart contains a "+1 Cash Carts™" text, the Cash Carts™ feature is retriggered. The feature ends when no new carts appear and winnings are paid. Jackpot Feature This feature is available in base game only. When the Jackpot symbol lands on the reel 3, it grants a chance to trigger the Jackpot feature. When the Jackpot feature is triggered the jackpot wheel determines the Jackpot that is paid out. There are 4 Jackpots in the game: Mini, Minor, Major and Mega. All Jackpots have fixed values. Mini has a maximum value 15x bet. Minor has a maximum value 50x bet. Major has a maximum value 200x bet. Mega has a maximum value 2 000x bet. When winnings are paid the feature ends. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Free Spins Feature This feature is available in base game only. The feature is triggered by landing 3 scattered Free Spins symbols on reels 1, 3, 5. The Free Spins symbol is a scatter symbol. The feature awards the player 10 free spins to start. There is a progress bar that awards more free spins. Each Bandit Collect symbol landing during the feature increases the progress bar by 1 step. If the progress bar reaches a value of 4x, 5 extra free spins are awarded. If the progress bar reaches a value of 7x, 5 extra free spins are awarded. If the progress bar reaches a value of 10x, 10 extra free spins are awarded. The feature ends when there are no remaining free spins left. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins and other features wins resulting from a spin. The free spins are free to the player. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. All lines played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Free Spins play out automatically. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Bet: Set the current bet value. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Aborting Autoplay or stopping the reels during Autoplay will not affect the outcome of the game. Autoplay will automatically stop if a Bonus or Free Spin feature is triggered. This feature is available in base game only. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Bet Increase button: Increases the current bet. Bet Decrease button: Decreases the current bet. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Balance: Displays the current balances. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Game Menu Home button: Exits the game. Paytable button: Displays payout tables. Bet Settings Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Game Terminology LUCKY LOSER = LUCKY LOSER BANDIT COLLECT = BANDIT COLLECT CASH CARTS™ = CASH CARTS WESTERN WAGONS = WESTERN WAGONS JACKPOT = JACKPOT FREE SPINS = FREE SPINS MINI = MINI MINOR = MINOR MAJOR = MAJOR MEGA = MEGA WILD = WILD COLLECT = COLLECT BIG WIN = BIG WIN MEGA WIN = MEGA WIN EPIC WIN = EPIC WIN UNREAL = UNREAL TIPPY GOLD = TIPPY GOLD SPINS = SPINS START = START SPIN = SPIN STOP = STOP Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Start to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Use Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select No Thanks to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. This feature is only available in selected games. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Spacebar: Pressing this keyboard button will start or stop a reel spin. Spacebar: Holding down this keyboard button will start a quickspin. Enter: Pressing this keyboard button will start or stop a reel spin. Enter: Holding down this keyboard button will start a quickspin. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Values are calculated initially by piding the total payouts by the total bets from a simulation of numerous game rounds. Values reflect the average expected return and do not change. Depending on the game you are playing, the RTP value may be defined as a single value or defined by the different stages or modes of the game. The probability of triggering certain game events may change during gameplay depending on the current game state or progress. Last modification date: 7/30/2024