Wild Link Zeus About this Game ´üČ This is a video slot game with variable reels. ´üČ Up to 5 reels, 9 rows can be activated. ´üČ The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. ´üČ Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Bet Rules ´üČ Each spin played costs a total bet amount. ´üČ The initial bet is the current total bet pided by the payline cost of 20. ´üČ The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the paylines played. Payline Rules ´üČ A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. ´üČ A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. ´üČ Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. ´üČ This game includes 20 - 50 paylines. Payout Rules ´üČ Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. ´üČ The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. ´üČ The total payout is the sum of all payline wins resulting from a spin. ´üČ If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. ´üČ Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. ´üČ The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Game Controls ´üČ Spin button: Starts a reel spin. ´üČ Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. ´üČ A click or tap on the reels stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. ´üČ Spin Settings button: Displays additional spin options. ´üČ Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. ´üČ Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. ´üČ Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. ´üČ Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. ´üČ Bet Increase button: Increases the current bet. ´üČ Bet Decrease button: Decreases the current bet. ´üČ Bet: Displays the current total bet. ´üČ Win: Displays the most recent win. ´üČ Credits: Displays the current balances. ´üČ Pick Feature Autoplay button: Automatically selects icons in the Pick Feature. This does not influence the results of the feature. Game Menu ´üČ Menu button: Displays additional game options. ´üČ Home button: Exits the game. ´üČ Banking button: Displays the banking page. ´üČ Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. ´üČ Sounds: Enables game sounds. Autoplay ´üČ This feature is available in base game only. ´üČ Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. ´üČ Spins are played at the current selected bet. ´üČ The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. ´üČ Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. ´üČ Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. ´üČ Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. ´üČ Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. Additional Information ´üČ Some settings and features may not be available in this game. ´üČ Malfunction voids all pays and plays. ´üČ Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. ´üČ In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. ´üČ The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. ´üČ The results of the last game played are displayed. ´üČ If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Wild Symbols ´üČ Zeus symbols are Wild symbols. ´üČ Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. ´üČ Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. ´üČ Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Bonus symbols. Wild Link Feature ´üČ When a Zeus symbol lands on reel 1 the feature is triggered. ´üČ The Zeus on reel 1 nudges to fill the entire reel. ´üČ During the Base Game up to 3 extra rows will be added above reels 2-5. ´üČ During the Free Spins up to 6 extra rows will be added above reels 2-5. ´üČ Each Prize symbol on adjacent reels beginning from reel 2 will award the prize displayed on it. ´üČ Zeus symbols substitute as Prize symbols for this adjacency. ´üČ Prize symbol prize values are based on total bet. ´üČ The total feature win can randomly be multiplied by 2 or 3. Bonus Symbols ´üČ Temple symbols are Bonus symbols. ´üČ Bonus symbols do not have a payout. ´üČ This symbol appears in base game only. ´üČ Bonus symbols can create their own winning combination when landing anywhere on the reels. ´üČ Bonus symbols appear on reel 1, 3 and 5 only. Free Spins ´üČ 3 Bonus symbols anywhere on the reels trigger this feature. ´üČ 10 Free Spins are awarded. ´üČ Free Spins cannot be retriggered. ´üČ On each spin, reel 2, 3, 4 or 5 is randomly selected to contain only Wild Prize symbols. ´üČ Wild Prize symbols can substitute for all symbols except Bonus symbols. ´üČ All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. ´üČ Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Return to Player ´üČ The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. ´üČ Values are calculated initially by piding the total possible payouts by the total possible outcomes that are available within the game. ´üČ Values reflect the maximum expected return and do not change. ´üČ Overall RTP: 94.19%. Last modification date: 9/13/2022