Loki Power Combo About this Game This is a video slot game with 15 independent reels in a 5 columns, 3 rows layout. This game has 20 lines. It features money symbols, token symbols, Loki symbol, and Free Spins with 3 different features Multiplier, Sticky, and Extra. General Win on a line pays if the same symbol appears in succession on adjacent reels, from the leftmost position to the rightmost position according to the PAYTABLE. Only the highest win per line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different lines are added. Money symbols are not included in line pays. Money Symbols In the base game, and in the Multiplier and Sticky Free Spins features, money symbols can appear anywhere on the reels except for the center position of the third column. If the Extra feature is active in Free Spins, money symbols can appear anywhere on the reels except on the center positions of columns 2 and 4. Each money symbol has a random value or prize assigned to it. The values are: 0.5x, 1x, 1.5x, 2x, 2.5x, 3x, and 4x the current bet. The MINI prize awards 5x the current bet. The MINOR prize awards 20x the current bet. The MAJOR prize awards 100x the current bet. The MEGA prize awards 1000x the current bet. The MEGA prize can only be awarded once in a game round. In Free Spins, instead of containing a random value or prize, a money symbol can have a +1 Spin assigned to it. Loki Symbol The Loki symbol can only appear on the center position of the third column in the Base Game and Free Spins. If the Extra feature is active in Free Spins, Loki symbols can only appear on the center positions of columns 2 and 4. When one Loki symbol lands, all money symbols landed in the same spin will have their respective values or prizes added up and awarded. If two Loki symbols land, all money symbols landed in the same spin will be awarded twice. The Loki symbol is also Wild and substitutes for all symbols except money symbols and token symbols. Loki symbols substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a line according to the PAYTABLE. Token Symbols The game has 3 different token symbols. The tokens represent the Multiplier, the Sticky and the Extra features. Token symbols exist on all reels in both the base game and Free Spins. Tokens that represent an already active feature, will not appear in Free Spins. The graphical collection pots in the game are purely for visual entertainment purposes and, as such, do not influence the chance of awarding Free Spins. Free Spins Trigger Every time a token lands there is a chance to trigger the Free Spins feature. If 2 different tokens land at the same time and trigger Free Spins, then both features are active in Free Spins. If 3 different tokens land at the same time and trigger Free Spins, then all 3 features are active in Free Spins. Free Spins The Free Spins feature always starts with 6 Free Spins. Any time a non-active token lands, there is a chance to trigger the corresponding feature. Triggering another feature inside Free Spins awards +3 spins. Only 1 non-active feature can be activated per spin inside Free Spins. Free Spins with Multiplier feature During the Free Spins, the Loki symbol will have a multiplier. The multiplier can be x2, x3, x4 or x5. Any win with a Loki symbol multiplies by the Loki's multiplier. Money symbols with a +1 SPIN do not multiply. Any line win containing two Loki symbols with multipliers is multiplied by the sum of those multipliers. Any collect win with two Loki symbols with multipliers will multiply the collected value individually by each Loki's individual multiplier. Free Spins with Sticky feature On each spin during the Free Spins, the Loki symbol is guaranteed. Free Spins with Extra feature During the Free Spins, the Loki symbols may only appear on the center positions of columns 2 and 4. Game Terms Translations The following list is only applicable in a language other than English POWER COMBO™ - POWER COMBO™ WIN OVER 5000X - WIN OVER 5000X 20 LINES - 20 LINES LOKI - LOKI WILD - WILD +1 SPIN - +1 SPIN FREE SPINS - FREE SPINS MULTIPLIER - MULTIPLIER STICKY - STICKY EXTRA - EXTRA MINI - MINI MINOR - MINOR MAJOR - MAJOR MEGA - MEGA BIG WIN - BIG WIN MEGA WIN - MEGA WIN EPIC WIN - EPIC WIN JUST FOR THE WIN - JUST FOR THE WIN Game Controls Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Spin button: Start the game with the current bet size as displayed in the bet field. Pressing anywhere on the reels or the Spin button during a spin displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button: Select a number of spins to auto play by selecting a value. Start and stop the Autoplay by pressing the spin button. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Balance field: Displays the current account balance. Bet field: Displays the current bet size. Total and Win field: Displays the pay in a winning round. Game Menu Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Sound button: Turn sound on or off. Autoplay button: Select a number of spins to auto play by selecting a value. Start and stop the Autoplay by pressing the spin button. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Banking button: Navigate to the Banking pages. Lobby button: Navigate back to the lobby. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of additional game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired, the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. RTP: 94.12% Last modification date: 12/9/2025