Cosmic Gems About Cosmic Gems™ Cosmic Gems™ is a 5x3 reels, 243 ways slot game. Win up to 6400 x total bet. • Return to Player (RTP) • General • Scatter symbol • Wild symbol • Win Streak™ Feature • Trophy Tiers Feature • Free Spin Bonus Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed and does not change. This game has an RTP of 96.02%. General • All 243 ways are permanently enabled. • You can choose your Bet. The Bet is multiplied by a fixed bet multiplier of 20 to determine the total bet per spin. • If you have a winning combination on a way, the win is highlighted on the reels. • Regular wins are created when the same symbols appear next to each other on a way. • Regular winning combinations pay out from left to right, starting from the first slot reel except Scatter which pays any. Winning combinations must start from the leftmost reel and the symbols have to be consecutive along a way. • Highest win paid per winning combination. If you have more than one combination, you are paid the win that has the highest value. • Your total bet depends on bet multiplier. Total bet = (Coin size * Number of coins * Bet multiplier). • Regular wins depend on your Bet except Scatter. Bet = (Total bet / Bet multiplier). • Regular wins in paytable are displayed in credits, so if your total bet is 0.20 credits per spin, your Bet = total bet / bet multiplier i.e. 0.20 credits / 20 = 0.01 credits. Your total payout is calculated as { (bet * credits won on minimum bet) * 100 }. For example a 5 of a kind win of Ace symbol which is 0.20 credits, the total payout amount will come as { (0.01 bet * 0.20 credits won on minimum bet) * 100 } = 0.20 credits. • For providing more information to the player in calculating the payouts, this game has a dynamic paytable. The payouts displayed in the paytable for all the symbol combinations are the final amounts in credits which is already multiplied by active bet and paid to the player except Scatter (refer Scatter symbol section for details). • You are paid out the win amount displayed in the Win box. • If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. Scatter symbol • 5, 4 or 3 Scatter symbols anywhere on reels award 15, 10 or 8 free spins respectively. • Scatter symbol cannot be substituted by the Wild symbol. • Scatter wins are multiplied by total bet and added to ways wins. • Scatter pays any. • Base pay of the Scatter symbol for the particular combination can be calculated as (credits won on minimum bet / bet multiplier) * 100. So total payouts for the Scatter win can be calculated as (base pay of the Scatter symbol combination * total bet). • For providing more information to the player in calculating the payouts, this game has a dynamic paytable. Scatter payouts displayed in the paytable are the final amounts in credits which are already multiplied by the total bet and paid to the player. Example: Game A has the following criteria: • 5, 4 or 3 Scatter symbols scattered on the reels complete a winning Scatter combination and trigger the Free Spin Bonus. • Scatter wins are added to Free Spin Bonus win and way win. If you have a Scatter win and way win, you are paid out for both wins, as the Scatter symbol does not need to appear on a way to win. • You spin the reels. • Scatter symbol appears on reels 2, 3 & 4 in any reel position. • 3 Scatter symbols pay is 0.20 credits on minimum bet and total bet of 0.20 credits, then base pay of 3 Scatter symbols would be { (0.20 credits won on minimum bet / 20) * 100 } = 1. And your Scatter win would be (1 base pay * 0.20 credits) = 0.20 credits. Wild symbol • Wild appears only on reels 2, 3 & 4 and substitutes for all symbols except Scatter. • Wild does not pay anything for any combination of its own. Example: Game A has the following criteria: • Wild substitutes for all symbols except Scatter to complete winning combinations. • Winning combination pay out from left to right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. • A symbol combination starting from second, third, fourth or fifth reel does not pay out. Only highest winning combination is paid out per way. • If your total bet is 0.20 credits per spin, your bet = total bet / bet multiplier i.e. 0.20 credits / 20 = 0.01 credits. Your total payout is calculated as { (bet * credits won on minimum bet) * 100 }. • You spin the reels. • 4 Regular Ace symbols are displayed on reels 1, 2, 4 & 5 and Wild symbol appears on reel 3. • This completes 5 Regular Ace symbols win which pays out 0.20 credits on minimum bet. • So, your total payout amount will come as { (0.01 bet * 0.20 credits won on minimum bet) * 100 } = 0.20 credits. Win Streak™ Feature • During game play, Win Streak™ Feature is triggered on any ways wins, except Scatter only win. • During this feature, reels are changed to 5x4 format with 1024 ways and one free respin is awarded. • If the respin results in a win, player is awarded another free respin. • Feature will continue as long as respin results in a win. • If Free Spin Bonus and other symbols win are triggered on the same spin then Win Streak™ Feature will be played first and free spins will be played after Win Streak™ Feature completion. • If Free Spin Bonus is triggered during Win Streak™ Feature then free spins will be played after feature completion. • Total free spins awarded will be accumulated in "Free Spins Pending" meter and played after Win Streak™ Feature completion. Trophy Tiers Feature Trophy Tiers are unlocked, based on the length of a player's win streak. Win streak progress appears inside the win streak meter during the feature and it is based on the number of free respins awarded. Highest win streak meter shows the highest count of number of free respins triggered during Win Streak™ features. There are 5 tiers which unlock unique items based on win streak count: 1. Base Tier: Win Streak Count[0 - 3] Unlocks win streak meter. 2. Bronze Tier: Win Streak Count[4 - 5] Unlocks new badge and changes win streak meter. 3. Silver Tier: Win Streak Count[6 - 7] Unlocks new badge, Changes win streak meter and logo upgrade. 4. Gold Tier: Win Streak Count[8 - 9] Unlocks new badge, changes win streak meter, logo upgrade and background upgrade. 5. Platinum Tier: Win Streak Count[>=10] Unlocks new badge, changes win streak meter, logo upgrade, background upgrade and reel frame change. Trophy Tier feature is awarded based on win streak count in base game only. Free Spin Bonus is a Scatter symbol. • 5, 4 or 3 scatter symbols anywhere on the reels award 15, 10 or 8 free spins respectively. • During the free spins, game becomes 5x4 format with 1024 ways. • Win Streak™ Feature occurs with any ways wins except Scatter only win and all wins during Win Streak™ Feature are doubled. • Free Spin Bonus can be retriggered. • If free spins are retriggered with other symbol wins on the same spin, then Win Streak™ Feature is played and free spins are accumulated in the Spins Left meter. • All bets and ways played are the same as those that started the Free Spin Bonus. • Free Spin Bonus wins are added to ways and Scatter wins. Example: • You spin the reels. • Scatter symbols appear on reels 2, 3 & 4 trigger the Free Spin Bonus and award 8 free spins. • 3 Scatter symbols pay is 0.20 credits on total bet of 0.20 credits, then base pay of 3 Scatter symbols would be { (0.20 credits won on minimum bet / 20) * 100 } = 1. And your Scatter win would be (1 base pay * 0.20 credits) = 0.20 credits. • On first free spin, 3 Ace symbols land on reels 1, 2 & 5 and 2 Wild symbols on reels 3 & 4 at middle position. • This completes single way win with 5 Ace symbols which pay out 0.20 credits on minimum bet. • As per the rule, Win Streak™ Feature is triggered on any ways wins and awarded one free respin with all pays doubled. • On Free respin, 3 Ace symbols land on reels 1, 2 & 3. • This completes single way win with 3 Ace symbols which pay out 0.05 x 2 = 0.10 credits on minimum bet. • Again as per the rule, second free respin is awarded to you. • You do not have any win on second free respin. • Your feature is completed and feature total win is accumulated in the Free Spins Win meter. • You do not have any winning combination in further free spins, so your total free spins win would be 0.20 credits + 0.10 credits = 0.30 credits. • As the Scatter symbols wins are added to free spins win, so your total payout is 0.20 credits + 0.30 credits = 0.50 credits. Last modification date: 7/1/2021