Cerberus Gold About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row to 5 reel 6 row video slot game. The top row is a single reel which is horizontally oriented. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the ways played. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the way cost of 20. Way Rules This game includes 243 ways and can go up to the maximum number of 7776 ways. A way is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other in this pattern. Way wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Payout Rules Way win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The total payout is the sum of all way wins resulting from a spin. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Split Symbols Split symbols land on the top row. When a Split symbol lands, the symbol number will determine the number of symbols on the corresponding reel. Split symbols add 1, 2 or 3 symbols per reel. The additional reel size in the base game is carried over to the LockNWin™ feature. Coins Symbols The game has 3 different coloured Cerberus Coin symbols: orange, yellow and pink. Each Cerberus Coin symbol collects to the Cerberus of the same colour above the reels. Cerberus Coin symbols do not have a payout. Cerberus Coin symbols appear in base game only. The graphical collection of Cerberus Coin symbols in this game is purely for visual entertainment and as such does not influence triggering the features. Wild Symbols Wild symbols can land on reels 2, 3, 4 or 5. Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Split, Fireballs and Collect symbols. Multiplier Feature This feature is available in base game. The Multiplier starts with a value of 1x and increases with each Soul symbol landing on the reels. When a Collect symbol lands on reel 5, the value of all Fireballs on screen is multiplied by the Multiplier and awarded. The Multiplier can increase up to 10x. The Multiplier resets to 1x at the end of any feature on which it was applied. The Multiplier feature does not apply to way wins. Collect Feature This feature can trigger in base game only. Fireballs appear on reels 1, 2, 3 or 4. Fireballs can have values between 0.2x and 10x the total bet. The maximum Multiplier for the Collect Feature is 10x. Collect Feature and LockNWin™ Feature cannot be triggered simultaneously. When a Collect symbol lands on reel 5, the total value of all Fireballs on screen is multiplied by the Multiplier and awarded. LockNWin™ Feature Whenever one or more Cerberus Coins appear there is a chance for a LockNWin™ to be triggered. The combination of Cerberus Coins that collect when the LockNWin™ is triggered determines the features awarded. 3 respins are awarded. All symbols are removed from the reels except Fireballs symbols, which lock into place when they land. Every time a Fireball or Jackpot coin lands, the respin count resets to 3. LockNWin™ ends when the count runs out or the reels are full of Fireballs . Fireballs can have values between 0.2x and 100x the total bet. When Multiply LockNWin™ and Supreme LockNWin™ are combined, Fireballs can have values between 0.2x and 50x the total bet. Multiply LockNWin™ Feature The Multiply LockNWin™ may be triggered any time an orange Cerberus Coin lands. The Multiply LockNWin™ Multiplier starts at 2x. When a multiplier symbol lands, the value in the symbol is added to the Multiply LockNWin™ multiplier. When a fireball lands, the fireball gets multiplied by the current LockNWin™ Multiplier. Wins awarded during this feature are added to base game wins. The maximum multiplier that can land is 100x. When Multiply LockNWin™ and Supreme LockNWin™ are combined, the maximum multiplier that can land is 10x. Jackpot LockNWin™ Feature The Jackpot LockNWin™ may be triggered any time a yellow Cerberus Coin lands. When all positions are collected on a jackpot, the corresponding jackpot is awarded. More than one jackpot can be won in the Jackpot LockNWin™. Wins awarded during this feature are added to base game wins. Some jackpots may not be available depending on the state of the LockNWin™ Feature. Supreme LockNWin™ Feature The Supreme LockNWin™ may be triggered any time a pink Cerberus Coin lands. Yellow Fireball collects all Red Fireball when it lands. Purple Fireball collects all Yellow Fireball and Red Fireball when it lands. Wins awarded during this feature are added to base game wins. Buy Feature This feature is not available above a certain bet threshold. This feature is available in base game only. The bet level for the feature may be chosen in the buy menu. Activating the Buy feature instantly triggers the selected feature. The Multiply LockNWin™ cost is 30.75 x bet. The Jackpot LockNWin™ cost is 37.20 x bet. The Supreme LockNWin™ cost is 24.40 x bet. The Multiply + Jackpot LockNWin™ cost is 58.05 x bet. The Jackpot + Supreme LockNWin™ cost is 54.25 x bet. The Multiply + Supreme LockNWin™ cost is 56.60 x bet. The Multiply + Jackpot + Supreme LockNWin™ cost is 73.25 x bet. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. This feature is available in base game only. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Big Win: Stops autoplay after winning a big win. Autoplay is played at the current bet selected. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Balance: Displays the current balances. Exit button: Exits the game. Help button: Displays help and additional information. Hold to Turbo Spin: Hold the spin button to enable Turbo Spin. Turbo Spin ends when the spin button is lifted. This does not influence the results of the spin. Menu button: Opens the game menu. Spacebar: Pressing this keyboard button will start or stop a reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Spacebar: Holding down this keyboard button will start a quickspin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Desktop Controls Bet controls: Increase or decrease the bet with the plus and minus symbols. Info button: Opens the paytable menu. Max Bet button: Sets the current bet to the maximum value. Game Menu Home button: Exits the game. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Banking button: Displays the banking page. Close button: Closes the game menu. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Help button: Displays help and additional information. Big win toggle: Toggles big win celebration display on or off. Splash page toggle: Toggles the splash page display on or off. Bet Settings Bet Amount: Sets the current bet value. Bet Value buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Max Bet button: Sets the current bet to the maximum value. Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Min Bet button: Sets the current bet to the minimum value. Game Settings Sounds: Enables game sounds. Quickspin: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Big Win: Enables big win animations. Music: Enables game music. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Splash page toggle: Toggles the splash page display on or off. Turbospin button: Enables Turbospin to resolve spins faster than Quick Spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Game Terminology Cerberus Gold™ = Cerberus Gold™ WILD = WILD MAX BET = MAX BET JACKPOT = JACKPOT MEGA JACKPOT = MEGA JACKPOT MAJOR JACKPOT = MAJOR JACKPOT MINOR JACKPOT = MINOR JACKPOT MINI JACKPOT = MINI JACKPOT MICRO JACKPOT = MICRO JACKPOT BIG WIN = BIG WIN SUPER WIN = SUPER WIN MEGA WIN = MEGA WIN EPIC WIN = EPIC WIN Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Last modification date: 11/7/2024