Arctic Enchantress About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form winning combinations. The payout is dependent on the winning combinations formed. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Playing the Game Select the bet on a mobile device by tapping the Bet icon or the Bet area. Select the bet in desktop through the Main Menu or on the console bar. The balance is displayed in currency and is available in the console bar. Click or tap the spin button to spin the reels. Select the stop button to stop the current reel spin. This can also be done by clicking or tapping the reels. This does not influence the results of the spin. If enabled in Settings, the spacebar may be pressed to spin or stop. Once the reels stop, winning combinations are highlighted. The win amount is displayed in the win box. If there is no winning combination, the game is completed. Way Rules All ways wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right in any position only on adjacent reels. This game includes 243 ways. Ways wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier. Payout Rules The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The total payout is the sum of all way wins and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. If multiple winning combinations land on a single way, only the highest win is awarded. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Wild Symbols The Wild symbol can substitute for all symbols except the Link&Win™ symbols and Scatter symbols. Wild symbols are available during the base game and the Free Spins feature. Wild Nudge Feature Wild Nudge Feature can randomly trigger during base game. When triggered, partially landed Wild stacks nudge up or down to fill the reel. Scatter Symbols Only the highest win amount paid for scatter symbol combination. Scatter wins are added to ways wins. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Scatters pay in any position. Free Spins Wilds always trigger the Wild Nudge Feature during Free Spins. 3, 4 or 5 Scatter symbols trigger 10, 15 or 20 free spins, respectively. Land 3, 4 or 5 Scatter symbols to trigger 10, 15 or 20 additional free spins, respectively. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. All ways played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Link&Win™ l Ice Orb Symbol Jackpot Ice Orb Symbol Each Link&Win™ symbol that lands is collected in the Link&Win™ Meter. The Link&Win™ Meter resets on every spin. l The Link&Win™ Meter is purely visual and has no affect on gameplay. The Link&Win™ feature is triggered when 6 to 14 Link&Win™ symbols land. Each Link&Win™ symbol awards a cash prize. In The Link&Win™ Feature, Jackpot Ice Orb Symbols will randomly award a Mini, Minor or Major Jackpot. Filling the reels with 15 Link&Win™ symbols awards the Mega Jackpot. Link&Win™ begins with 3 respins. l All triggering Link&Win™ symbols are locked on the reels. The remaining unlocked symbol positions spin independently. The Link&Win™ feature has special reels with Link&Win™ symbols and blank positions. All additional Link&Win™ symbols that land are held on the reels, and respins are reset to 3. If a column is filled with Link&Win™ symbols, the Column Boost™ feature is activated on that column. Link&Win™ ends when no respins remain or when 15 Link&Win™ symbols are locked on the reels. Link&Win™ can be triggered in both base game and free spins. Column Boost™ Feature Fill a column with Link&Win™ symbols to trigger the Column Boost™ feature. Column Boost™ increases the cash prizes within the boosted column on each consecutive spin. Column Boost™ is available during the Link&Win™ feature. Cash Prizes Link&Win™ Jackpots Jackpot and cash prizes are awarded once the feature is complete. Win Booster™ Rules Activate the Win Booster™ to increase the chance to trigger the Link&Win™ feature. A Link&Win™ symbol is placed upon activation. Only 5 Link&Win™ symbols are needed to trigger the Link&Win™ feature. Win Booster™ does not affect way pays. Win Booster™ increases bet by 1.5x. You can choose to activate or deactivate the Win Booster™ in the base game. Icons Autoplay Main Menu Return Decrement Increment Bet Quick Spin Mute / Unmute Responsible Gaming Player Protection Loyalty Game History Transaction History Banking Settings Paytable / Information Help Files Lobby Discard Some of these options may not be available in your location. Autoplay Using Autoplay, you can spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game. A bet amount must be set before starting the Autoplay session, as Autoplay plays with the last bet value. Autoplay can be stopped at any time. This does not influence the results of the spin. Triggering any feature will stop Autoplay. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Bet Selection Each spin played costs a total bet amount. Select the bet on a mobile device by tapping Bet in the console bar or by tapping the Bet icon. Select the bet in desktop with the Increment and Decrement icons on the console bar. Also, select the bet from the Main Menu using the Bet icon, or by clicking the bet area. Settings The Settings panel provides access to multiple game settings. To access the Settings panel, open the Main Menu and select the Settings icon. Choose which settings to turn on or off. Quick Spin setting increases the speed of the slot reel spin. All Sounds setting controls all sounds, including game and background sounds. Game Sounds setting controls console and spin sounds, as well as sounds for winning combinations and sequences. (Only enabled if All Sounds is ON.) Background Music setting controls background music. (Only enabled if All Sounds is ON.) Spacebar to Spin setting allows the player to spin the reels using the computer's spacebar. Additional Information Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. This value is fixed and does not change. l This game has an RTP of 94.16%. With Win Booster™ activated, RTP is 94.16% Last modification date: 2/15/2022