Cash Flip Devil's Coin About this Game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. This is a 5 reel 4 row video slot game. This game is played with credits only. Spins within the Free Spins feature will be called free spins. Payline Rules This game includes 20 paylines. The number of paylines played is fixed. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. Payout Rules Wins are multiplied by the total bet. Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Free Spins symbols pay scattered. Coinciding wins on different paylines are added to the win. Wild Symbols Wild symbols appear on all reels during base game, Cash Flip™, Devil Collect, Devil Multi Collect and Free Spins features. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Devil's Coin, Collect, Multi Collect, Free Spins, and Cash symbols. Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. Devil Collect Feature The feature is available in Free Spins and the base game. The feature is triggered when 1 or more Cash and/or Devil's Coin symbols and the Collect symbol land on the same spin. Cash symbols can appear on reels 1, 2, 3, 4. Cash symbols can have a value between 0.2x and 50x the total bet. Devil's Coin symbols can appear on reels 2, 3, 4. Devil's Coin symbols can have a value between 0.6x and 50x the total bet. The Collect symbol can appear on reel 5 only. During the feature, the Collect symbol collects the value of all Cash and Devil's Coin symbols to the Devil's Flip Coin and awards the player the total amount. The feature ends when winnings are collected and paid. Devil Multi Collect Feature The feature is available in Free Spins and the base game. The feature is triggered when 1 or more Cash and/or Devil's Coin symbols and the Multi Collect symbol land on the same spin. Cash symbols can appear on reels 1, 2, 3, 4. Cash symbols can have a value between 0.2x and 50x the total bet. Devil's Coin symbols can appear on reels 2, 3, 4. Devil's Coin symbols can have a value between 0.6x and 50x the total bet. The Multi Collect symbol can appear on reel 5 only. During the feature, the Multi Collect symbol collects the value of all Cash and Devil's Coin symbols and adds it to the Devil's Flip Coin, as a total starting value. The Devil’s Flip Coin activates and awards this starting value to the player up to 10 times by flipping it into higher values. The value shown on the Devil’s Flip Coin after each flip is an increasing multiple of the starting value. After the last flip the final prize amount is awarded to the player. The feature ends when winnings are paid. Cash Flip™ Feature The feature is available in Free Spins and the base game. The Cash Flip™ feature determines the prize value of the triggering Devil’s Coin symbol on the reels during Devil Collect or Devil Multi Collect features. The feature is triggered when 1 or more Devil's Coins and Collect or Multi Collect symbols land on the same spin. Devil's Coin symbols can appear on reels 2, 3, 4. Devil's Coin symbols can have a value between 0.6x and 50x the total bet. Collect and Multi Collect symbols can appear on reel 5 only. Each Devil's Coin symbol landed triggers its own Cash Flip™ feature. During the feature, the Devil's Flip Coin becomes active and flips randomly several times, awarding cash prizes. The last flip can award a 2x-5x multiplier or a Mini or Minor jackpot prize. The Devil's Coin symbol that triggered the Cash Flip™ feature collects the total prize value when the feature is over. Free Spins Feature The feature is available only in the base game. The feature is triggered by landing 3 scattered Free Spins symbols on reels 1, 3, and 5. The Free Spins symbol is a scatter symbol. The feature awards the player 10 free spins to start. Landing 2 or 3 Free Spins symbols on the same spin awards more free spins. 2 Free Spins symbols award 2 extra free spins, and 3 Free Spins symbols award 5 extra free spins. Cash Flip™, Devil Collect, and Devil Multi Collect features occur more frequently during Free Spins. The feature ends when there are no remaining free spins left. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins and other features wins resulting from a spin. The free spins are free to the player. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. All lines played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Free Spins play out automatically. Random Feature The feature is available only in the base game. Cash symbols landing on reels may randomly activate the Devil's Flip Coin. When active, the Devil's Flip Coin starts spinning and may award Free Spins, Jackpot Wheel or Devil Multi Collect features. Jackpot Wheel Feature The feature is available only in the base game. The Jackpot Wheel may be triggered from the Random feature. When the feature is triggered the jackpot wheel determines the Jackpot that is paid out. There are 4 Jackpots in the game: Mini, Minor, Major and Mega. All Jackpots have fixed values. Mini has a maximum value 15x bet. Minor has a maximum value 50x bet. Major has a maximum value 200x bet. Mega has a maximum value 2 000x bet. When winnings are paid the feature ends. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Bet: Set the current bet value. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Aborting Autoplay or stopping the reels during Autoplay will not affect the outcome of the game. Autoplay will automatically stop if a Bonus or Free Spin feature is triggered. This feature is available in base game only. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Bet Increase button: Increases the current bet. Bet Decrease button: Decreases the current bet. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session Menu button: Displays additional game options. Defaultspin button: Enables Defaultspin to resolve spins at default speed. This does not influence the results of the spin. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Turbospin button: Enables Turbospin to resolve spins even faster than Quickspin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Balance: Displays the current balances. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. A click or tap on the reels stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Game Menu Home button: Exits the game. Paytable button: Displays payout tables. Bet Settings Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Game Terminology CASH FLIP™ = CASH FLIP DEVIL'S COIN = DEVIL'S COIN DEVIL COLLECT = DEVIL COLLECT DEVIL MULTI COLLECT = DEVIL MULTI COLLECT JACKPOT WHEEL = JACKPOT WHEEL JACKPOTS = JACKPOTS FREE SPINS = FREE SPINS COLLECT = COLLECT MULTI COLLECT = MULTI COLLECT DEVIL'S FLIP COIN = DEVIL'S FLIP COIN MINI = MINI MINOR = MINOR MAJOR = MAJOR MEGA = MEGA WILD = WILD BIG WIN = BIG WIN MEGA WIN = MEGA WIN EPIC WIN = EPIC WIN UNREAL = UNREAL START = START SPIN = SPIN STOP = STOP Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Start to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Use Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select No Thanks to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. This feature is only available in selected games. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Spacebar: Pressing this keyboard button will start or stop a reel spin. Spacebar: Holding down this keyboard button will start a quickspin. Enter: Pressing this keyboard button will start or stop a reel spin. Enter: Holding down this keyboard button will start a quickspin. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Last modification date: 2/11/2025