Outlaw Saloon About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the number of coins multiplied by the coin size. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the paylines played. Payline Rules This game includes 20 paylines. The number of paylines played is fixed. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payline Rules This game includes 20 paylines. The number of paylines played is fixed. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Wild Symbols Wild symbols are revealed by the Badge, Gold Bar, Whiskey Bottle, Tequila, or Wine Glass symbol. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except the Badge, Gold Bar, Whiskey Bottle, Tequila, or Wine Glass symbol. Wild symbols appear on reels 2, 3, and 4. This symbol does not have its own payout. This symbol appears in both base game and Free Spins. Free Spins 8 Badge symbols to trigger 8 Free Spins. Badge symbols appear on Reels 2, 3, and 4. Badge symbols are Wild. Revealed Badge symbols award One Respin. Revealed Badge symbols are locked in place during Respins. In base game, land a Badge symbol to reveal another Badge, Gold Bar, or Wild symbol. Once Free Spins are triggered, any Badge symbols revealed during remaining Respins add one more free spin per Badge symbol. Badge symbol appears in both base game and Free Spins. Respins do not reduce the number of Free Spins remaining. Free Spins are played on a different reel set from the base game. All bets and lines played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins.Free Spins Selection Three selectable Free Spins features to choose from. Revealed Badge symbols award One free spin. MULTIPLIERS FREE SPINS Whiskey Bottle symbols appear on reels 2, 3, and 4. Whiskey Bottle Symbols are Wild. Land a Whiskey Bottle or Badge symbol to reveal another Whiskey Bottle, Badge, or Wild symbol. Revealed Whiskey Bottle symbols award One Respin. Revealed Whiskey Bottle symbols are locked in place during Respins. Whiskey Bottle symbols award multipliers as follows: Landing Whiskey Bottle symbol awards 3X. First revealed Whiskey Bottle symbol awards 6X. Second revealed Whiskey Bottle symbol awards 9X. GUARANTEED RESPINS FREE SPINS Tequila symbols appear on reels 2, 3, and 4. Tequila Symbols are Wild. Land a Tequila symbol to guarantee reveal of another Tequila symbol and award One Respin. Revealed Tequila symbols reveal another Tequila, Badge, or Wild symbol. Land a Badge symbol to reveal another Tequila, Badge, or Wild symbol. Revealed Tequila symbols award One Respin. Revealed Tequila symbols are locked in place during Respins. CASH PRIZES FREE SPINS Wine Glass symbols appear on reels 2, 3, and 4. Wine Glass symbols are Wild. Land a Wine Glass or Badge symbol to reveal another Wine Glass, Badge, or Wild symbol. Revealed Wine Glass symbols award One Respin. Revealed Wine Glass symbols are locked in place during Respins. Wine Glass symbols award cash prizes of 2X-50X bet. Gold Bar Metered Prizes Collect Gold Bar symbols to win Metered Prizes. Gold Bar symbols appear in base game on reels 2, 3 and 4. Gold Bar symbols are Wild. Land a Gold Bar symbol to reveal another Gold Bar, Badge, or Wild symbol. Revealed Gold Bar symbols award One Respin. Revealed Gold Bar symbols are locked in place during Respins. Only highest prize achieved is awarded. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Play button: Continues the game. Fast Play Active Indicator: Indicates when Fast Play is active. Bet Up button: Increases the current bet up to the next highest available bet. Bet Down button: Decreases the current bet down to the next lowest available bet. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay start button: Starts Autoplay session. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Game Menu button: Displays the game settings and game payout table. Help button: Displays help and additional information. Game Menu System Menu button: Displays additional system options. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Bet button: Displays the bet options. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Return button: Returns to the game. Bet Settings Coin Size: Sets the coin value. Number of Coins: Sets the number of coins. Game Settings Intro Screen button: Toggle to turn the game Intro Screen on or off. Fast Play button: Toggle to turn Fast Play on or off to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Mute All Sounds button: Toggle to mute all game sounds. Background Music button: Toggle to turn background music on or off. Sound Effects button: Toggle to turn game sound effects on or off. Additional Information In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Refresh Refresh displays the results of the last game played, when you return to that game. Refresh does the following if you are disconnected from the casino server or Internet: If you are disconnected before the results of the last game are displayed, then the amount you won or lost, your credit balance, and the final game state is displayed when you return to the game. If you are disconnected while a game is in progress, and you can still make decisions in the game, you are able to complete that game when you return to it. If the request to play a new game does not reach the casino server before you are disconnected, the results of the previous game is displayed when you return to the game. In live dealer games, if you are disconnected from the casino server or Internet, if your session ends, or if you shut down the casino software, the following occurs: If your bet request is received and accepted as per the normal betting rules, it is played out and your balance is automatically updated with a win or loss. If your bet request is not received or accepted as per the normal betting rules, your balance is not affected. In video poker games, if you have a winning hand and are disconnected from the casino server or Internet, if your session ends, or if you shut down the casino software before collecting your win or selecting to double, the following occurs: The casino automatically collects your win for you. When you open the game, you are returned to the main game screen. If you are a real account player, when you return to the game, your credit balance is updated and your original winning hand is displayed. If you are a guest account player, your credit balance is updated, but your original winning hand is not displayed. As the casino automatically collects your win for you, you cannot double on your winning hand. Refresh is not available for guest account users. Disclaimer The casino strives to ensure the full protection of all its clients and their bets. However, there are certain events that are beyond the casino's control. If, for any reason, you are disconnected from the casino server, the casino cannot be held liable for any losses that may result from this disconnection. The balance of your account is recorded on the casino server and is not affected by the disconnection in any way. If a line has been disconnected or become unresponsive, when you log on to the casino the balance of credits recorded on the casino server after the last bet was completed, is displayed. We regret the imposition of the above, but it is necessary to avoid further complications. All games are played strictly subject to the casino's terms and conditions. By playing at the casino , you agree to abide by these terms and conditions. Contact us If you could not find the answers to your questions, please visit our website for additional information. Things to note about game features Each game has different functionality. Some of the features, settings, and gameplay options mentioned in this documentation may not be available in the game you are playing. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. The win up to amounts displayed on payout tables are rounded off values, and are an approximate value of the highest win possible for the game. Malfunctions void all plays and pays.