Terminator 2 About Terminator 2™ This game is a 5 reel and 3 row video slot game. This game includes 243 ways. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again General bet and payout rules The bet size is the total number of credits bet per spin. A bet multiplier of 30 applies per spin. For example, 0.10 credits x 30 bet multiplier = 3 total credits bet per spin Payouts are based on the bet placed. Multiple regular winning combinations are paid per pay way. If there is more than one regular winning combination for different symbols on a pay way, you are paid out for each combination. If there is more than one regular winning combination for the same symbol on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest win. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. All paytables display the number of credits that are won for each combination. Regular symbols Regular symbols are all symbols on the reels that do not have a bonus feature but complete regular winning combinations on enabled pay ways. Matching regular symbols must be next to each other on an enabled pay way. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, starting from the first slot reel. Regular payouts depend on your bet per spin. Wild Symbols This symbol substitutes for other symbols to complete wins. This symbol does not substitute for the scatter symbol. This symbol does not substitute for the T-1000 symbol in the free spins game. This symbol creates its own winning combination. Scatter Symbols This symbol does not need to appear on adjacent reels to complete a win. This symbol cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. This symbol creates its own winning combination. 3 or more scatter symbols scattered on the reels triggers the free spins. During the T-800 Vision, only one scatter symbol triggers the free spins. This symbol's payouts depend on your total bet. Free Spins 3 or more scatter symbols scattered on the reels triggers the free spins. During the T-800 Vision, only one scatter symbol triggers the free spins. You are awarded 10 free spins. Hot Mode is randomly triggered during this feature. During Hot Mode wins are more frequent. If the T-1000 symbol appears on the reels, it transforms to complete the highest possible pay for that spin. Free Spins cannot be retriggered. The last bet you placed in the game is used as the free spins bet amount. Winnings are automatically collected during this feature. T-800 Vision bonus feature This feature randomly triggers after a non-winning spin. Any Terminator, John Connor, T-1000, Sarah Connor or T-800 symbols on the reels are targeted. All targeted symbols pay a bonus win amount. During this feature, only one scatter symbol triggers the free spins. The random bonus win amounts displayed are already multiplied by your total bet amount. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. The last bet you placed in the game is used as the bonus game bet amount. Paytable Achievements This feature tracks your win status by highlighting symbol combinations you have won. When you win all combinations for the same symbol it is highlighted. Achievements are permanently highlighted on the payout table, even after you exit the game. Base game wins are logged as achievements. Wild symbol substitute wins are not logged as achievements. Free spins wins are not logged as achievements. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed, and does not change. This game has an RTP of 96.62%. Change my bet amount Options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. Bet button: Displays your bet options. Max bet: Places the maximum bet permitted. Bet size: Places the total bet amount you want to bet per spin. Quick bet: Displays a range of quick betting options to select your total bet amount. Game Controls Options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. Credits box: Displays your balances. Win box: Displays your most recent wins. Bet box: Displays your total bet amount per spin. Bet button: Displays your bet options. Spin button: Starts your game. Stop button: Displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Quick spin button: Increases the game play to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Menu button: Displays the game settings and game paytable. Last modification date: 3/2/2021