Wildfire Wins About this Game l Welcome to Wildfire Wins. l This is a 5 reel 5 row video slot game. l It features sticky Wilds, Wildfire Respins, and Wildfire Wheels. l This game has 50 lines. General lWin on a line pays if the same symbol appears in succession on adjacent reels, from the leftmost position to the rightmost position according to the PAYTABLE. l Only the highest win per line is paid. l Simultaneous wins on different lines are added. l Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except Bonus. lWild symbols substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a line according to the PAYTABLE. lWild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. l The maximum cumulative total win in Wildfire Wheels is capped at 10 000x. l When the cap is reached the feature ends. Wildfire Respins lIn the base game, any win with at least one special symbol triggers Wildfire Respins. l The special symbols are fiery versions of low symbols. l When a special symbol is part of a win, it is activated. l Activated special symbols are tracked on a collection meter. lWhen a special symbol is activated, all special symbols of the same kind on the visible reel area become sticky Wilds. lThis special symbol will not appear for the remainder of Wildfire Respins, but normal low symbols can still appear. l The sticky Wilds remain in place for the duration of the feature. lThe feature continues if at least one more of the special symbols is part of a win. l Activating all special symbols awards a final Wildfire Respin. lAll wins on the final spin are multiplied by a random spin multiplier. l The multipliers are x2, x3, x5, and x10. Wildfire Wheels lIn the base game or in Wildfire Respins, 3 Bonus symbols trigger Wildfire Wheels. lDuring Wildfire Respins, landing a cumulative total of 3 Bonus symbols throughout the duration of the feature also triggers Wildfire Wheels. l Bonus symbols appear on 1, 3, and 5 only. l Wildfire Wheels is comprised of 3 spinning wheels, starting at level 1. l Each wheel has 8 different segments. l The first 2 levels have cash prizes on 7 wheel segments. l The 8th segment grants an upgrade to the next level. lThe 3rd and final level has a 10 000x segment instead of an upgrade segment. lWhen the wheel stops on a segment with a cash prize, the cash prize is collected and the segment turns into a collect segment. lThe feature ends when the wheel stops on a collect segment. l The possible cash prizes on level 1 are 1x, 2x, 3x, 5x, 7x, 10x, 15x bet. l The possible cash prizes on level 2 are 3x, 5x, 7x, 10x, 15x, 25x, 100x bet. lThe possible cash prizes on level 3 are 5x, 10x, 20x, 30x, 50x, 100x, 250x, 10 000x bet. lOn level 3, if the wheel stops on the 10 000x segment, a cash prize of 10 000x bet is awarded and the feature ends. Game Terms Translations lThe following list is only applicable in a language other than English l WILDFIRE WINS - WILDFIRE WINS l BONUS - BONUS l COLLECT - COLLECT l LEVEL UP - LEVEL UP l RESPIN / RESPINS - RESPIN / RESPINS l WILD / WILDS - WILD / WILDS lWILDFIRE RESPIN / WILDFIRE RESPINS - WILDFIRE RESPIN / WILDFIRE RESPINS l WILDFIRE WHEELS - WILDFIRE WHEELS l BIG WIN - BIG WIN lMEGA WIN - MEGA WIN l EPIC WIN - EPIC WIN l JUST FOR THE WIN - JUST FOR THE WIN Game Controls lAutoplay settings: Select a number of spins to auto play by selecting a value. Start and stop the Autoplay by pressing the spin button. l Balance field: Displays the current account balance. lBet field: Displays the current bet size. l Bet settings: Change the bet size by selecting a value. l Some settings and features may not be available in this game. lWin field: Displays the pay in a winning round. lSpin Button: Start the game with the current bet size as displayed in the bet field. Clicking or tapping anywhere on the reels during a spin displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Game Menu lAdvanced settings: Navigate to the Responsible Gaming pages. l Advanced settings: Open the Advanced Settings menu. lAdvanced settings: Turn Quick Spin on or off. l Banking: Navigate to the Banking pages. lLobby: Navigate back to the lobby. l Menu button: Displays additional game options. lPaytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. l Settings button: Displays the game settings. l Sound settings: Turn sound on or off. l Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Return to Player l The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. l This value is fixed and does not change. l This game has an RTP of 96.10%. Additional Information l Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. l Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 4/19/2022