Lucky Bonanza Cash Spree About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. This game includes 20 fixed paylines. Payout Rules If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins, Cash Spree™, Multiplier Free Spins, and Sticky Free Spins symbol wins resulting from a spin. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Payline Rules A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. This game includes 20 fixed paylines. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the payline cost of 20 The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the paylines played. Wild Symbols Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Multiplier, Extra Spin, Cash Spree™, Multiplier Free Spins and Sticky Free Spins symbols. Cash Spree™ Symbols Land Cash Spree™ symbols, starting on reels 1 and 2, to trigger the feature. Cash Spree™ symbols award Grand, Mega, Major or cash values. Grand, Mega, and Major only appear on reels 4 and 5. Cash values appear on all reels. Higher cash values appear on reels 4 and 5. All Cash Spree™ symbols pay left to right on adjacent reels. Cash Spree™ symbol wins are added to payline wins. Free Spins Multiplier The Free Spins Multiplier is displayed in the Free Spins Multiplier meter. Each Multiplier symbol that appears, the Free Spins Multiplier will increase by 0.5X. Free Spins Multiplier symbol only increases the multiplier for the Multiplier Free Spins. Multiplier symbol cannot appear on a Multiplier Free Spins triggering spin. Multiplier symbol cannot appear on Multiplier Free Spins, Sticky Free Spins and Extra Spin symbols. The maximum Free Spins Multiplier is 10X. The Free Spins Multiplier resets to 1X after the Multiplier Free Spins are complete. Multiplier Free Spins Symbol 3 Multiplier Free Spins symbols trigger the Multiplier Free Spins. 3 Multiplier Free Spins symbols awards 1X total bet. Multiplier Free Spins symbols appear on reels 1, 2, and 3. Multiplier Free Spins Awards 8 to 30 free spins. The multiplier earned during the base game applies to all wins in the Multiplier Free Spins, except Grand and Mega. Multiplier Free Spins can be retriggered. The number of free spins awarded on a retrigger is equal to the initial trigger. Multiplier Free Spins can only be triggered from the base game. Multiplier Free Spins cannot be triggered in conjunction with Sticky Free Spins. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. All lines played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Extra Spin Feature The number of free spins is displayed in the Free Spins Meter. Extra Spin only increases free spins for the Sticky Free Spins. Each Extra Spin symbol that appears, the free spins will increase by 1. Extra Spin symbol cannot appear on a Sticky Free Spins triggering spin. Extra Spin symbol cannot appear on Multiplier Free Spins, Sticky Free Spins, and Multiplier symbols. Maximum number of free spins is 12. The number of free spins will reset to 3 after the Sticky Free Spins are complete. Extra Spin symbol is only available in the base game. Sticky Free Spins Symbol 3 Sticky Free Spins symbols trigger the Sticky Free Spins. 3 Sticky Free Spins symbols award 1X total bet. Sticky Free Spins symbols appear on reels 3, 4, and 5. Sticky Free Spins The number of free spins in the Free Spins Meter will be awarded. Sticky Free Spins have special reels with Cash Spree™ symbols and blank positions only. All Cash Spree™ symbols are held on the reels. If all the positions are filled, all prizes are awarded. If all positions are filled and additional spins remain, all positions will be cleared at the beginning of the next spin. At the end of the last spin of the feature, symbols pay left to right on adjacent reels. Sticky Free Spins can only be triggered from the base game. Sticky Free Spins cannot be triggered in conjunction with Multiplier Free Spins. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. All lines played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Game Controls Credits: Displays the current balances. Bet: Sets the current bet value. Win: Displays the most recent win. Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Spacebar: Starts a reel spin. Spins are played at the current selected bet. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Spacebar during reel spin stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Selecting the game screen can stop the spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Hold to Turbo Spin: Hold the spin button to enable Turbo Spin. Turbo Spin resolves spins faster and will start the next spin. Turbo Spin ends when the spin button is lifted. This does not influence the results of the spin. Hold spacebar to Turbo Spin: Hold the spacebar to enable Turbo Spin. Turbo Spin resolves spins faster and will start the next spin. Turbo Spin ends when the spacebar is lifted. This does not influence the results of the spin. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Home button: Exits the game. Help button: Displays help and additional information. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Spins are played at the current selected bet. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. This feature is available in base game only. Game Settings Quickspin: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Left-Handed Mode button: Enables left-handed mode. Music: Enables game music. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Startup Screen button: Enables game advertisement on game load. Bet Settings Bet Value buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Max Bet button: Sets the current bet to the maximum value. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Last modification date: 10/8/2024