Tarzan and the Jewels of Opar Derivco - Interna Derivco - Internal Jackpot Scatter The Jackpot Scatter is a scatter symbol. 3 or more Jackpot Scatters appearing anywhere on screen pays out. Only the highest paying count of the Jackpot Scatters pays out. Jackpot Scatter pays are calculated by multiplying by total bet. Jackpot Scatter wins are added to line wins. Jackpot Scatters cannot be substituted by the Wild symbol. Random Wilds Tarzan may award Random Wilds in Base Game and Free Spins. The Random Wilds feature may occur during a spin. When the feature is triggered, Tarzan will appear over the spinning reels. 2 or more Wild Symbols appear in random reel positions. In Base Game and Free Spins up to 15 Wilds can be placed. Free Spins Scatter Free Spins Scatters appear on reels 2, 3, and 4. 3 Free Spins Scatters trigger the Free Spins Wheel Feature. The Free Spin Scatter symbol cannot be substituted by the Wild symbol. Free Spins Wheel Feature Spin the wheels to reveal the number of Free Spins and Free Spins Multiplier. Free Spins Wheel Multiplier Wheel The Free Spins Wheel awards 10, 12, 15, 20, 25, or 30 Free Spins. The Multiplier Wheel awards a 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, or 10x multiplier. The multiplier applies to all wins except Jackpot Scatter wins. Free Spins The Free Spin symbol is a scatter symbol. The Free Spins Scatter symbol cannot be substituted by any Wild symbol. 3 Free Spins Scatters appearing during Free Spins will retrigger the feature. Retriggering will grant additional free spins equal to the amount initially awarded and at the same multiplier level. All bets played in Free Spins are the same as the spin that triggered the Free Spins feature. Wild Symbol The Wild symbol can substitute for all symbols except the Jackpot Scatter and Free Spin symbols. The Wild symbol is a wild symbol. Line Payouts Winnings paid out for a payline are dependent on the symbols displayed on the payline, once the reels have come to a stop. Line wins are calculated by multiplying the line combination payout by the line bet. The line bet is total bet divided by 20. Payline winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, a winning payline combination must start with the leftmost payline position and continue on adjacent positions on the payline. Line wins are paid out only on the highest paying combination on each line. You are paid the total of all payline wins that land on a spin. Game Payouts Winnings paid out on the slot machine are dependent on the symbols displayed in the reel area, once the reels have come to a stop. All payout tables display the number of credits that are won for each winning combination. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Icons Autoplay Main Menu Return Decrement Increment Bet Quick Spin Mute / Unmute Responsible Gaming Player Protection Loyalty Game History Transaction History Banking Settings Paytable / Information Help Files Lobby Discard Some of these options may not be available in your location. Playing the Game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form winning combinations. The payout is dependent on the winning combinations formed. Your balance is displayed in credits and is available in the console bar. Select your bet on a mobile device by tapping the Bet icon or the Bet area. Select your bet in desktop through the Main Menu or on the console bar. Click or tap the spin button to spin the reels. Select the stop button to stop the current reel spin. This can also be done by clicking or tapping the reels. This does not influence the results of the spin. If enabled in Settings, you may press spacebar to spin or stop. Once the reels stop, wins are highlighted if you have a winning combination. You are paid out the win amount as displayed in the win box. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is completed and you can play again. Bet Selection Select your bet on a mobile device by tapping Bet in the console bar or by tapping the Bet icon. Select your bet in desktop with the Increment and Decrement icons on the console bar. You can also select your bet from the Main Menu using the Bet icon, or by clicking the bet area. Settings The Settings panel provides access to multiple game settings. Some settings may not be available in your location. To access the Settings panel, open the Main Menu and select the Settings icon. You can choose which settings to turn on or off. Intro Screen setting displays the intro screen at startup. Show Tutorial at Startup setting displays the tutorial on launching the game. Quick Spin setting increases the speed of the slot reel spin. All Sounds setting controls all sounds, including game and background sounds. Game Sounds setting controls console and spin sounds, as well as sounds for winning combinations and sequences. (Only enabled if All Sounds is ON.) Background Music setting controls background music. (Only enabled if All Sounds is ON.) Spacebar to Spin setting allows you to spin the reels using your computer's spacebar. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. This value is fixed and does not change. This game has an RTP of 96.38%. the maximum win from a single game is €312500 Last modification date: 10/20/2020