Mega Money Mountain About this Game This is a wheel based game that gives the player a chance to win up to 5 000x. The objective of the game is to spin the wheel after bets have been placed and have the wheel land on a segment. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. Payout Rules Place Bets on the 1x, 2x, 5x and 10x Bet Multiplier segments to win the cash value derived from your Bet. Wins are multiplied by the total bet. Cash values are derived from the Bet you placed on the Multiplier indicator x the value of the Multiplier Segment that you landed upon on the wheel. The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. Payouts can be multiplied by up to 10x from the base game. Your winnings are dependent on your bet and random multiplier. All payouts are in credits. Cash Flip Landing on the Cash Flip segment in base game will trigger the Cash Flip feature if you have placed a bet on the Cash Flip segment. You are guaranteed to win a cash prize when you play the Cash Flip feature. The Cash Flip feature can trigger in base game only. There is no direct pay-out associated with the Cash Flip segment. Payouts can be multiplied up to 10x from the base game which may lead to a 1000x bet win for player. When entering the feature, Bonus spinners spin and displays awarded multipliers to each of the card types. This multiplier is applied to the wins for that card type if the player picks 3 of the same type. This multiplier can range from 3x-5x, 6x-11x, 12x-19x, 20x-100x. Initial Bet is also added to your Total Win. Total Win in the feature is added to the player's total in base game after the feature ends. The player can pick from the 12 available cards manually or select the autopick button for the cards to be autopicked. Auto pick button: Automatically selects your available picks in Cash Flip. Cash Castle Landing on the Cash Castle segment in base game will trigger the Cash Castle feature if you have placed a bet on the Cash Castle segment. There is no direct pay-out associated with the Cash Castle segment. You are guaranteed to win a cash prize when you play the Cash Castle feature. The Cash Castle feature can trigger in base game only. Payouts can be multiplied up to 10x from the base game which may lead to a 500x bet win for player. This multiplier is applied to the wins in the feature. The multiplier prize can range from 3x - 50x. Initial Bet is also added to your Total Win. Total Win in the feature is added to the player's total in base game after the feature ends. The player can pick from 20 available tokens manually or select the autopick button for the coins to be autopicked. Auto pick button: Automatically selects your available picks in Cash Castle. There are 4 types of tokens: Pick reset, Jackpot, Prize ladder climb, and a token that does not climb the prize ladder. Each level of the ladder the player climbs awards a higher multiplier. If the player climbs the ladder and reaches the top the Jackpot is awarded. The jackpot multiplier awards 50x. The Jackpot prize supersedes and replaces any already collected bonuses and wins in the feature. Cash Cloud Landing on the Cash Cloud segment in base game will trigger the Cash Cloud feature if you have placed a bet on the Cash Cloud segment. There is no direct pay-out associated with the Cash Cloud segment. You are guaranteed to win a cash prize when you play the Cash Cloud feature. The Cash Cloud feature can trigger in base game only. Payouts can be multiplied up to 10x from the base game which may lead to as much as 4000x bet win for player. Initial Bet is also added to your Total Win. Total Win in the feature is added to the player's total in base game after the feature ends. When entering the feature, a Bonus spinner spins and awards one of the following: Monetary Bonuses, additional games or a prize doubler. The player taps the spin button to have the puck/coin fall from a random location from the oscillating cloud and lands on a multiplier at the bottom. Multipliers can range from 5x-50x. Monetary Bonuses award additional multipliers that range from 5x - 50x. Additional Games award 2, 3 or 4 coins. Prize doubler multiplies the winning prize by 2x ,4x or 8x. Money Mountain - Link&Win™ Landing on the Money Mountain - Link&Win™ segment in base game will trigger the Money Mountain - Link&Win™ feature if you have placed a bet on the Money Mountain - Link&Win™ segment. There is no direct pay-out associated with the Money Mountain - Link&Win™ segment. You are guaranteed to win a cash prize when you play the Money Mountain - Link&Win™ feature. The Money Mountain - Link&Win™ feature can trigger in base game only. Payouts can be multiplied up to 10x from the base game which may lead to a 5000x bet win for player. Initial Bet is also added to your Total Win. Total Win in the feature is added to the player's total in base game after the feature ends. When entering the feature the player is shown a multiplier wheel and receives 3 spins. Spinning the wheel results in a potential multiplier prize. The multiplier prize can range from 2x - 50x. After the wheel spins, the 9 reels spin, with any landed reels award the wheels multiplier prize to the player. If a reel awards a prize, the players spins are reset to 3. Once a reel resolves, it does not spin again. Landing all 9 reels awards the Jackpot. The Jackpot prize supersedes and replaces any already collected bonuses and wins in the feature. The jackpot multiplier awards 500x. Play the game Select bet and select the total number of credits you want to bet per spin. Your bet is the credits staked. Select the Spin button to start the spin at the stake displayed. The Mega Money Mountain™ wheel will spin and then come to a stop, displaying the result. Each game cycle is independent from the one before meaning that the outcome of a spin result does not affect the spin results of the following spin. Translation of Game Terms The following list is only applicable in a language other than English: JACKPOT - JACKPOT The above terms will not be translated into Languages as they are common enough words, and providing definitions in the 'Game Terms' section in the game Help Files will translate this to the player. Autoply Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. This feature is available in base game only. Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Auto pick button: Automatically selects your available picks in Cash Flip and Cash Castle. Balance: Displays the current balances. Home button: Exits the game. Game Menu Menu button: Displays additional game options. Banking button: Displays the banking page. Help button: Displays help and additional information. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Home button: Exits the game. Lobby button: Exits the game. Close button: Closes the game menu. Autoplay Settings Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Bet Settings The Chip Bet button displays the current chip size selected. Bet Amount: Sets the current bet value. By tapping on the Chip Bet button, the chip selector slide will slide out to expose the available chips to select for a desired bet. The player can change their selected chip bet size within this slider panel. There is no currency symbol on the chips. Chip slider slides close when the Chip Bet icon is clicked again or when the Spin button is clicked. The player can place the chips on each of the 8 Bet squares. The player can also click multiple times on the same Bet square to increase the number of chips bet on a square. The player can also click the four pointed icon in the middle of each of the grouped four icons to place the same chip bet on all four the grouped Bet squares simultaneously. The player can also click multiple times on the centre four pointed icon to increase the number of chips bet on a square group. The double bets button will double all placed bets. The clear bets button will restore previous bet states. Inidual bets can also be removed by clicking on the placed chip icon on the Bet Squares. Game Settings Sounds: Enables game sounds. Quickspin: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Quick Spin can also be enabled and disabled by using the Quick Spin toggle button on the main game. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Music: Enables game music. Feature Screen: Enables the Feature Screen. Free Games You must bet the maximum amount that the operator has given you per spin.\ A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. The amount that the user must bet can be seen on the bottom right of the screen. Place chips on up to 2 bet areas and spin. The Bet All buttons have been disabled during free games. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer.\ A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. If Autoplay was activated prior to the Game Disconnection then on the return Autoplay will be switched off. Last modification date: 2/18/2025