Divine Riches Helios About this Game Welcome to Divine Riches Helios. This is a 5 reel 4 row video slot game. This game has 30 lines. It features Blazing Bonus, Free Spins with the Hand of Helios feature and Both Ways pay on Helios symbols. General Win on a line pays if the same symbol appears in succession on adjacent reels, from the leftmost position to the rightmost position according to the PAYTABLE. Helios symbols in a winning combination on adjacent reels pays left to right, beginning with the leftmost reel and right to left, beginning with the rightmost reel. Only the highest win per line from both ways is paid. Simultaneous wins on different lines are added. Wild symbols substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a line according to the PAYTABLE. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except Free Spins symbols. Blazing Bonus Trigger Some symbols on the reels in the base game have a bonus token attached to them. Every time a bonus token lands there is a chance to trigger the Blazing Bonus feature. The graphical collection area in the game is purely for visual entertainment purposes and as such does not influence the chance of awarding the Blazing Bonus feature. The Blazing Bonus feature cannot trigger on a spin that triggers the Free Spins feature. The Blazing Bonus feature cannot trigger during the Free Spins feature. Blazing Bonus In total, there are 12 selectable items. Pressing a selectable item will reveal a symbol. There are 4 types of symbols: Divine, Mega, Major and Big. Each symbol corresponds to one cash prize: 5000x bet, 200x bet, 40x bet, and 15x bet. Revealing 3 of the same symbol awards the corresponding cash prize according to the PAYTABLE. The Blazing Bonus feature ends when a prize has been awarded. Free Spins If 3, 4, or 5 Free Spins symbols have landed anywhere on the reels, then 8, 12, or 16 Free Spins are awarded, respectively. The Free Spins includes the Hand of Helios feature After each spin, all Helios symbols that landed will be collected. When 12 Helios symbols have been collected, the Hand of Helios feature will be awarded. Any Helios symbols that were collected in addition to the 12 required will count towards the next Hand of Helios feature. The Free Spins end when there are no more Free Spins left. The last bet placed in the game is used as the Free Spins bet amount. Hand of Helios Any wins will be paid out before the Hand of Helios feature is awarded. The Hand of Helios feature will upgrade a symbol to the next more valuable symbol according to the PAYTABLE. Upgraded symbols will remain upgraded for the duration of Free Spins. Each time the Hand of Helios feature is triggered +2 Free Spins are awarded. Once all upgradable symbols have been upgraded to Helios symbols, no more Helios symbols will be collected. Game Terms Translations The following list is only applicable in a language other than English DIVINE RICHES HELIOS - DIVINE RICHES HELIOS HELIOS - HELIOS WILD / WILDS - WILD / WILDS HAND OF HELIOS - HAND OF HELIOS BLAZING BONUS - BLAZING BONUS FREE SPINS - FREE SPINS BIG - BIG MAJOR - MAJOR MEGA - MEGA DIVINE - DIVINE BIG WIN - BIG WIN MEGA WIN - MEGA WIN EPIC WIN - EPIC WIN JUST FOR THE WIN - JUST FOR THE WIN Game Controls Autoplay settings: Select a number of spins to auto play by selecting a value. Start and stop the Autoplay by pressing the spin button. Balance field: Displays the current account balance. Bet field: Displays the current bet size. Bet settings: Change the bet size by selecting a value. Spin Button: Start the game with the current bet size as displayed in the bet field. Clicking or tapping anywhere on the reels during a spin displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Win field: Displays the pay in a winning round. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Game Menu Advanced settings: Navigate to the Responsible Gaming pages. Advanced settings: Open the Advanced Settings menu. Advanced settings: Turn Quick Spin on or off. Banking: Navigate to the Banking pages. Lobby: Navigate back to the lobby. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Sound settings: Turn sound on or off. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Autoplay Settings Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Additional Information Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 9/7/2022