Lucky Clucks General The base game includes a gameboard consisting of 5 reels, with 3, 4, 4, 4, and 3 symbol rows each respectively, and 576 active Featuring: ANY ADJACENT PAYS™ - Winning combinations can be anywhere on the reels! 3 or more matching symbols on a way, on adjacent reels, represent a winning Only the highest win per way will be paid. Way wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier of the winning Credit awards are multiplied by the bet multiplier of the winning Your bet multiplier is equal to the number of credits played divided by 15. For example, 0.30 credits bet per spin = 0.30 / 0.15 = a bet multiplier of 2. All payout tables display the number of credits that are won for each combination for the current bet Winning combinations are highlighted on the If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you may play again. Malfunction voids all pays and Regular Symbols Matching symbols must be next to each other on a Payouts depend on your bet multiplier per Scatter Symbol This symbol is a wild symbol and substitutes for all paying This symbol does not substitute for scatter This symbol also creates its own This symbol is a scatter The scatter symbol appears on all This symbol is not available during the Raise The Roof Corn Symbol These symbols are passive symbols and do not This symbol is a passive symbol and does not The BIG BuildUp™ Feature The BIG BuildUp™ Feature can trigger randomly on any During this feature, 1 or more chickens may lay eggs revealing feature prizes that include the Mother Hen Prize, Wild Symbols, or 2x, 3x, 4x, or 5x Each awarded Wild Symbol adds a symbol position to its Multipliers awarded with the Mother Hen Prize multiply the Mother Hen Prize only, otherwise awarded multipliers multiply the evaluated way The BIG BuildUp™ Feature completes when all feature prizes have been The feature bet multiplier is determined by the bet multiplier of the feature-triggering Credit awards are multiplied by the feature bet Credit wins are awarded immediately and symbol wins are awarded once the feature is Feature wins are added to regular Raise The Roof Bonus 3 or more Scatter Symbols trigger the Raise The Roof 3, 4, and 5 Scatter Symbols award 5, 7, and 9 bonus spins Every bonus spin, one or more chickens may land and award Wild Symbols. Each awarded Wild Symbol adds a symbol position to its reel for the duration of the Wild Symbols persist to subsequent bonus spins, moving down 1 symbol position each spin until they are no longer on the The bonus bet multiplier is determined by the bet multiplier of the bonus-triggering Winnings are automatically collected during the bonus After the final bonus spin concludes the Raise The Roof Bonus is The Raise The Roof Bonus cannot be Bonus wins are added to regular The stated win up to values are achieved from the cumulative winnings of an entire bonus spins Additional Information Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory Game Controls Item Description Bet Size box Displays your bet options. l Select (up arrow) or (down arrow) to select the total amount you want to bet. Balance box Displays your casino balances. Win box Displays your most recent win. Spin button Starts the game. This can be triggered by the spacebar if it is available. Stop button Displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. This can be triggered by the spacebar if it is available. Menu button Displays the game settings and game paytable. l SETTINGS Toggle sounds, left-hand console mode, and background motion (these options may not be available). l PAYTABLE Displays the game payout tables. Scroll up and down to browse the payout tables. l TUTORIAL Displays the game tutorial. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. l RESPONSIBLE GAMING Displays Responsible Gaming. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. AutoPlay button Displays the AutoPlay options where you can select to spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game. Select AutoPlay and select the number of spins you want to play and the stop options. Item Description QuickSpin button QuickSpin increases the reel spin speed to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Turn QuickSpin on and off. X button Closes the game. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Each game has different options and AutoPlay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed, and does not change. This game's RTP is: 96.19% Last modification date: 11/30/2021