Alchemy Fortunes About this Game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. This is a 7 reel 7 row video slot game. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. HyperCluster™ Rules A HyperCluster™ is a group of symbols that are horizontally or vertically adjacent. A winning HyperCluster™ consists of 5 or more matching symbols. A HyperCluster™ can form anywhere on the reels. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the bet multiplier of 20. Payout Rules HyperCluster™ win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per HyperCluster™. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The total payout is the sum of all HyperCluster™ wins resulting from the spin. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. Wild Symbols Wild symbols do not create their own win. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols. Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wild symbols participating in multiple HyperClusters™ will count as individual symbols for each combination. Extra Wild symbols can be added to the reels. Extra Wild symbols will not be placed on the positions that already have a Wild symbol on it. In base game, 3-6 Wild symbols can be randomly added on a non-winning spin. In Free Spins 5 Wild symbols are added at the start of every spin. Rolling Reels™ Feature This feature can trigger in base game and Free Spins. This feature triggers after any HyperСluster™ win. Winning symbols are removed from the reels and replaced with new random symbols. If new winning combinations are formed, the feature triggers again. The feature continues until no winning combinations are present on the reels. Magic Potion Meter Magic Potion Meter appears in the base game and Free Spins. Magic Potion Meter is activated on every winning spin. Each winning symbol progresses the Magic Potion Meter by 1. Magic Potion Meter has 5 levels. Each level reached awards a feature. Magic Potion Meter features will trigger once all wins are complete. The awarded features will trigger sequentially. Each feature is applied once per spin. Magic Potion Meter is reset at the start of the new spin. Magic Potion Meter is reset at the start of Free Spins. Magic Potion Meter Levels Collecting 20 winning symbols awards Level 1 feature Potion Swap. In base game, all potion bottle symbols are swapped with a randomly selected potion bottle. In Free Spins, all potion bottle symbols turn into the highest paying symbol. Collecting 40 winning symbols awards Level 2 feature Summon Wilds. In base game, 3-6 Wild symbols are added in random positions. In Free Spins, 5 Wild symbols are added in random positions. Collecting 60 winning symbols awards Level 3 feature Gem Crush. All gem symbols currently on the reels are removed and replaced with new random symbols. Collecting 80 winning symbols awards Level 4 feature Alchemy of Wilds. When a Wild symbol lands on the reels, its position is marked. When the feature is activated, all Wild-marked positions turn the symbols Wild. Collecting 100 winning symbols awards Level 5 feature Fortune Free Spins. Free Spins 5 Free Spins are awarded. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Free Spins play out automatically. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Collecting 100 winning symbols in the Magic Potion Meter retriggers 5 Free Spins. Bet Settings Bet Amount: Sets the current bet value. Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Game Controls Balance: Displays the current balances. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Menu button: Displays a menu of general system and game options. Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Pressing the Spin button during the current spin stops the reels quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Pressing the Spin button during AutoPlay ends the current Autoplay session. Home button: Exits the game. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. This value is fixed and does not change. This game has an RTP of 96.41%. Bet Range Min Bet : €0.20 Max Bet : €200 Last modification date: 12/3/2020