Star Fever Link and Win About this Game ´üČ This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. ´üČ The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. ´üČ Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Payline Rules ´üČ This game includes 20 paylines. ´üČ The number of paylines played is fixed. ´üČ A win is awarded when at least 3 matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. ´üČ A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. ´üČ Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Wild Symbols ´üČ Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except Star Coin symbols. ´üČ Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. ´üČ Wild symbols create their own winning combination. Star Coin ´üČ Star Coin symbols can appear on all reels and can trigger different features. Star Wild ´üČ 4 or 5 Star Coin symbols anywhere on the reels trigger this feature and award 1 bonus spin. ´üČ All Star Coin symbols turn into Wild symbols. ´üČ If 3 Star Coin symbols are on the same reel, they will instead turn into Multiplier Wild symbols (x3). ´üČ No Star Coin symbol can appear during the bonus spin. Multiplier Wild ´üČ Multiplier Wild symbols have a multiplier of x3 applied to any win in a winning combination that the Multiplier Wild symbol is part of. ´üČ This symbol appears in the Star Wild feature only. Link Ôäó ´üČ 6 or more Star Coin symbols anywhere on the reels trigger this feature. ´üČ All Star Coin symbols that triggered the feature are held on the reels and turn into cash prizes. ´üČ The feature begins with 3 spins. ´üČ During the Link Ôäó feature, only Star Coin, Bonus Jackpot and Booster symbols appear. ´üČ All new symbols reset the spin counter to 3. ´üČ All symbols except Booster symbols are held on the reels. ´üČ The feature ends when no spins remain or when 15 symbols are held. ´üČ All Star Coin cash prizes and jackpots are awarded at the end of the Link Ôäó feature. Upgrade Booster ´üČ Upgrade Booster symbols increase all Star Coin cash prizes by the amount of the total bet. ´üČ The Upgrade Booster symbol has no effect on Bonus Jackpot symbols. ´üČ This symbol appears in the Link Ôäó feature only. Multiplier Booster ´üČ Multiplier Booster symbols double all Star Coin cash prizes. ´üČ The Multiplier Booster symbol has no effect on Bonus Jackpot symbols. ´üČ In case that both types of booster symbols appear simultaneously the Upgrade Booster symbol will be applied first, and the Multiplier Booster symbol will be applied in a second step. ´üČ This symbol appears in the Link Ôäó feature only. Minor Jackpot ´üČ Land a Minor Jackpot symbol to win 20x the amount of the total bet. ´üČ More than 1 Minor Jackpot symbol can appear on the display. ´üČ This symbol appears in the Link Ôäó feature only. Major Jackpot ´üČ Land a Major Jackpot symbol to win 200x the amount of the total bet. ´üČ More than 1 Major Jackpot symbol can appear on the display. ´üČ This symbol appears in the Link Ôäó feature only. Mega Jackpot ´üČ Hold 15 symbols to trigger the Mega Jackpot to win 1000x the amount of the total bet. ´üČ This symbol appears in the Link Ôäó feature only. Game Controls ´üČ Some settings and features may not be available in this game. ´üČ Balance: Displays the current balances. ´üČ Credits: Displays the current balances. ´üČ Total Bet: Displays the total bet amount per spin. ´üČ Lines: Displays the amount of played lines per spin. ´üČ Win: Displays the most recent win. ´üČ Spin button: Starts a reel spin. ´üČ Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. ´üČ Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. ´üČ Skip button: Skips events to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. ´üČ Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. ´üČ Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. ´üČ Menu button: Displays additional game options. ´üČ Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. ´üČ Exit button: Exits the game. Autoplay ´üČ This feature is available in base game only. ´üČ Some settings and features may not be available in this game. ´üČ The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. ´üČ Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. ´üČ Spins are played at the current selected bet. Autoplay Settings ´üČ Some settings and features may not be available in this game. ´üČ Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. ´üČ Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. ´üČ Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Bet Rules ´üČ Each spin played costs a total bet amount. ´üČ The initial bet is the current total bet pided by 20. Bet Settings ´üČ Some settings and features may not be available in this game. ´üČ Max Bet button: Sets the current bet to the maximum value. ´üČ Bet Amount: Sets the current bet value. ´üČ Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Payout Rules ´üČ Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. ´üČ If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. ´üČ Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. ´üČ The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. ´üČ The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. Return to Player ´üČ Overall RTP: 94.06%. ´üČ Star Wild: 21.15%. ´üČ Link Ôäó: 38.18%. ´üČ The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Additional Information ´üČ Some settings and features may not be available in this game. ´üČ The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. ´üČ The results of the last game played are displayed. ´üČ Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. ´üČ In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. ´üČ Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 7/5/2023