Apollo's Rings Apollo's Rings™ is a 88 symbol slot game including: l Regular Symbols l Wild Symbol l Wild Multiplier Symbols l Scatter Symbol l Bow Symbol l Passive Symbol l Apollo Prize Award l Halo Reels™ Feature l Apollo's Rings™ Bonus Game Rules General l The base game includes a gameboard consisting of 2 groups with 5 symbol positions each (initial symbol groups) and 3 Halo Reels™ with 18, 26 and 34 symbol positions respectively. A winning combinition consists of a symbol in an initial symbol group that is orthogonally adjacent to its matching symbol in the other initial symbol group. Any symbol that matches the symbols in a winning combination that is orthogonally adjacent to the symbols in the winning combination is added to the winning combination. Each symbol that is part of a winning combination awards a symbol credit pay. l Symbol wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier of the winning game. l Credit awards are multiplied by the bet multiplier of the winning game. Your bet multiplier is equal to the number of credits played divided by 0.25. For example, 0.5 credits bet per spin = 0.5 / 0.25 = a bet multiplier of 2. All payout tables display the number of credits that are won for each combination for the current bet multiplier. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you may play again. l Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Regular Symbols l Matching symbols must be orthogonally adjacent. Payouts depend on your bet multiplier per spin. Wild Symbol This symbol is a wild symbol and substitutes for all paying symbols. l This symbol does not substitute for scatter symbols. This symbol is only available on the Halo Reels™. Wild Multiplier Symbols These symbols are wild multiplier symbols and substitute for all paying symbols. Each wild multiplier symbol included in a winning combination multiplies the accumulated symbol win by 2, 3 or 4 respectively. l These symbols are only available on the Halo Reels™. These symbols do not substitute for scatter symbols. Scatter Symbol This symbol is a scatter symbol. l This symbol appears in the initial symbol groups only. l This symbol not available during the Apollo's Rings™ Bonus. Bow Symbol This symbol is passive and does not pay. This symbol appears in the initial symbol groups only. l This symbol increases the Apollo Prize. Passive Symbol This symbol is passive and does not pay. l This symbol appears in the initial symbol groups only. Apollo Prize Award l The Apollo Prize is only available during the Halo Reels™ Feature. l The Apollo Prize is not available during the Apollo's Rings™ Bonus. l If the Apollo Prize is awarded it may be reduced. Halo Reels™ Feature l Any winning combination triggers the Halo Reels™ Feature. l The Halo Reels™ Feature consists of up to 3 Halo Rounds. Each Halo Round is assigned a Halo Round Award at the beginning of every base game spin. l Halo Round Awards consist of Multipliers, Blanks, and the Apollo Prize respectively: At the beginning of each Halo Round, the halo reel associated with the current Halo Round is spun. If matching symbols are added to the winning combination during a Halo Round, the Halo Round Award for that round is awarded and the next Halo Round begins. l Multiplier Awards multiply the accumultated symbol win. l Blank Awards have no effect on the current Halo Round. l The Apollo Prize Award awards the current value of the Apollo Prize. The Halo Reels™ Feature is complete at the end of the 3rd round, or if matching symbols are not added to the winning combination during the current Halo Round. l The Halo Reels™ Feature cannot be retriggered. The feature bet multiplier is determined by the bet multiplier of the feature-triggering game. l Credit awards are multiplied by the feature bet multiplier. l Feature wins are added to regular wins. Apollo's Rings™ Bonus Landing 2 scatter symbols triggers the Apollo's Rings™ Bonus. l 5 bonus spins are awarded. At the beginning of each bonus spin, bonus boost symbols may be added to the bonus gameboard. Bonus boost symbols consist of Multiplier Increase Awards and Retrigger Awards respectively: Bonus boost symbols persist until they are awarded or until the bonus spins are complete. Bonus boost symbols included in the winning combination are awarded and replaced with a Wild symbol. If awarded, Multiplier Increase Awards increase the Halo Round Multiplier Award for the associated Halo Round. Halo Round Awards for the Halo Reels™ Feature persist until the bonus spins are complete. l If awarded, Retrigger Awards increase the total number of bonus spins. l The Apollo's Rings™ Bonus is complete after the final bonus spin occurs. The bonus bet multiplier is determined by the bet multiplier of the bonus-triggering game. Credit awards are multiplied by the bonus bet multiplier. l Bonus wins are added to regular wins. The stated win up to values are achieved from the cumulative winnings of an entire bonus spins session. Additional Information l Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. AutoPlay AutoPlay enables you to automatically play a set number of consecutive spins without interacting with the game. l Each game has different options and AutoPlay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. l The number of spins remaining in your AutoPlay session is displayed in the game. l RTP is not affected. What do you want to do? Learn about Autoplay options Each game has different options and AutoPlay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. AutoPlay Options SPINS Set the number of spins you want to play. WIN LIMIT Stop the session if the win exceeds or equals the amount selected. LOSS LIMIT Stop the session if your balance decreases by the amount selected or more. Start AutoPlay Select AutoPlay . Select your AutoPlay Select Start AutoPlay . Select the AutoPlay stop button to end AutoPlay. This does not affect the results of the spin. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed, and does not change. This game's RTP is: 94.12% Game Controls Item Description Bet Size box Displays your bet options. l Select the total amount you want to bet. Item Description Balance box Displays your casino balances. Win box Displays your most recent win. Spin button Starts the game. This can be triggered by the spacebar if it is available. Stop button Displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. This can be triggered by the spacebar if it is available. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Menu button Displays the game settings and game paytable. l VOLUME SLIDER Use volume slider to adjust volume. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. l LEFT HAND MODE Enables left hand mode. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. l TUTORIAL MESSAGES Enables tutorial messages. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. l BACKGROUND MOTION Enables background motion. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. l VIEW PAYTABLE Displays the game payout tables. Scroll up and down to browse the payout tables. AutoPlay button Displays the AutoPlay options where you can select to spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game. Select AutoPlay and select the number of spins you want to play and the stop options. Tell me more about AutoPlay Item Description Quick Spin button Quick Spin increases the reel spin speed to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Turn Quick Spin on and off. X button Closes the game. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Each game has different options and AutoPlay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. Last modification date: 10/12/2023