Marshall Money About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Autoplay Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. This feature is available in base game only. Autoplay Settings Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the payline cost of 10. Bet Settings Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. Bet Increase button: Increases the current bet. Bet Decrease button: Decreases the current bet. Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Game Controls Menu button: Displays additional game options. Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Sound Button: Enables and Disables Music or all Sounds. Spacebar: Pressing this keyboard button starts or stops a spin. This does not influence the result of the spin. Spacebar: Holding this keyboard button starts a quickspin. This does not influence the result of the spin. Balance: Displays the current balances. Win: Displays the most recent win. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Game Menu Lobby button: Exits the game. Home button: Exits the game. Information Button: Displays Paytable. Help button: Displays help and additional information. Banking button: Displays the banking page. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Video Button: Displays a recorded video related to the game. Game Settings Show Intro Screen: Enables and disables intro screen. Left-Handed Mode button: Enables left-handed mode. Payline Rules The number of paylines played is fixed. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. This game includes 10 paylines in the base game, and 20 paylines in Free Spins. Payout Rules The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. If multiple winning combinations land on a single way, only the highest win is awarded. Collect Symbol This symbol is wild. This symbol can substitute for all symbols except Free Spins Symbols and Jackpot Symbols. This symbol appears on reel 5 in base game. This symbol appears on all reels in Free Spins. Collect Feature Cash Symbol values range from 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 8x, 10x, 15x, 20x or 25x in base game. Land a Collect Symbol to trigger the Collect Feature. Collect Symbols are scatter symbols that reel in and award the prize on the landed Cash and Jackpot Symbols. Cash Symbol values range from 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 8x, 10x, 15x, 20x, 25x, 50x or 100x in Free Spins. Cash Symbol values are multiplied times bet. Landing a Jackpot Symbol with a Collect Symbol awards a Mini, Minor, Major, or Grand Jackpot. Free Spins 3, 4 or 5 Free Spins Symbols award 10, 15 or 20 Free Spins respectively. During Free Spins, reels expand to 5 rows with 10 additional lines in play. The Accumulation Trail becomes available in Free Spins. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. The Free Spins Symbols do not appear in Free Spins. Additional Free Spins can be awarded by the Accumulation Trail. Accumulation Trail Each Collect Symbol that lands accumulates on the trail. For every 3 Collect Symbols accumulated, the Cash Symbol multiplier increases and 5 additional Free Spins are awarded. Accumulate up to 12 Collect Symbols. Increased multiplier is applied to subsequent Free Spins. The multiplier applies to Cash Symbol values collected. Maximum multiplier is 10. Up to 20 Free Spins can be awarded by the trail. Accumulation Trail resets at the beginning of each Free Spin feature. This feature is only available during Free Spins. For every 3 Collect Symbols accumulated, the Cash Symbol multiplier increases and 5 additional Free Spins are awarded. Increased multiplier is applied to subsequent Free Spins. Up to 20 Free Spins can be awarded by the trail. Feature Buy Feature Buy becomes available once Free Spins has been triggered. This feature is available in base game only. Use the Feature Buy to trigger Free Spins. Feature buy options available are 10, 15 and 20 Free Spins. When purchasing 10 or 15 Free Spins, there is a chance more Free Spins may be awarded. Features are purchased at the prices displayed. Features are purchased at 50x, 100x and 150x bet respectively. Free Spins are played at the current bet. This feature may not be available above a certain bet threshold. Some of these options may not be available in your location. Free Games A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Each offer has a unique reference number. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Last modification date: 8/12/2025