2 Fortunate Pirates About the game 2 Fortunate Pirates is a 9-reel, 6-row video slot with up to 10,077,696 pay ways including Buy feature, Mary's Swashbuckling Attack, Boom Pirates, Foxify™ features and Free Spins game Some features and options may not be available in the game you are playing, which ensures compliance with the regulations. For example, the Autoplay feature may not be available due to compliance matters. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Payouts The game is played with pay ways instead of paylines. Winnings will be awarded according to the paytable. Symbol payout values are based on bet ided by 100. Way wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right only on adjacent reels. Way wins pay when on adjacent reels from both leftmost to right and rightmost to left. The award is multiplied by the number of symbols that occur per reel in the winning combination. Only the highest award is paid per winning combination. Foxify™ feature does not affect symbol payouts. Win up to 3800 times of the total bet in Free Spins. The win amount is immediately credited to the balance. Refresh Refresh displays the results of the last game played, when you return to that game. Refresh does the following if you are disconnected from the casino server or Internet: If your computer is disconnected before the results of the last game are displayed, then the amount you won or lost, your credit balance, and the final game state is displayed when you return to the game. If your computer is disconnected while a game is in progress, and you can still make decisions in the game, you are able to complete that game when you return to it. If the request to play a new game does not reach the casino server before you are disconnected, the results of the previous game is displayed when you return to the game. Features Wonderways Play between 1,024 and 10,077,696 pay ways. Boom Pirates feature The Boom Pirates feature activates extra rows and reels and up to 10,077,696 pay ways. Extra rows and reels are activated if they contain the winning symbols. The feature can trigger randomly in the base game. Mary's Swashbuckling Attack For any non-winning spin Mary may randomly swing in on a rope to change some symbols and award a 5-of-a-kind win. Other winning combinations may appear together with a 5-of-a-kind. Buy feature Instantly trigger 10 Free Spins. The feature costs 100× total bet. The feature may not be available above a certain bet threshold. The Foxify™ feature does not affect the Buy feature cost. Foxify™ feature You can choose to activate or deactivate this feature in the base game. Activate the Foxify™ feature to increase your chances of triggering the Boom Pirates feature. The Foxify™ feature increases your base game bet by 50%. The feature will be automatically deactivated in Free Spins. Free Spins 3 Scatters appearing anywhere on reels 1, 3, and 5 activate 10 Free Spins. In Free Spins, 3 Scatters appearing anywhere on reels 1, 3, and 5 activate 5 extra Free Spins. During Free Spins, additional cells can be randomly activated on the whole 6×9 reel grid. Once these cells are activated, they stay active until end of the Free Spins. Free Spins are played at the triggering bet. Autoplay Autoplay enables you to automatically play a set number of consecutive games without interacting with the game. Autoplay plays with the last bet value you selected, so you must select a bet amount before starting Autoplay. Each game has different options and Autoplay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. The number of spins remaining in your Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Autoplay options Autoplay options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. Number of spins: Set the number of spins you want to play. Until stop: Set the session to play until you select to stop. This does not influence the results of the spin. Loss limit: Stop the session if your balance decreases and drops below or equals the amount selected. Single win limit: Stop the session if the win exceeds or equals the amount selected. Start Autoplay Select a bet amount. Click Autoplay button: Select your Autoplay options. Click Start button to begin your Autoplay session. Click Stop button to end Autoplay: Clicking this button does not influence the results of the spin. Playing the game The game is played with pay ways instead of paylines. Normal spins are played on reels 1 – 5 and rows 2 – 5 and, with 1,024 pay ways. The Boom Pirates feature activates extra rows and reels and up to 10,077,696 pay ways. The bet level is set using the bet level selector. Matching symbols in any position on 3 or more adjacent reels, starting from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel, is a pay way win. The award is multiplied by the number of symbols that occur per reel in the winning combination. Only the highest award is paid per winning combination. If winning combinations land on multiple pay ways, each combination is paid out. 3 Scatters appearing anywhere on reels 1, 3, and 5 activate 10 Free Spins. Controls Menu: Toggles the menu display. Win: Displays the win for the current or previous win payout round. Balance: Displays your account balance. Bet: Change your bet size in the menu. Clicking on the bet field toggles the menu display. Quick Spin: Increases the reel spin speed to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay: Displays the Autoplay options where you can select to spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game. Stop Autoplay: Stop the autoplay session. This does not influence the results of the spin. Spin (a button with a circular arrow): Start the game round. Stop button: Displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Audio: Mute / Un-mute game sounds control available in the menu. Last modification date: 11/23/2022