Bronco Big Bounty About this Game This is a 6 reel 4 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. This game includes 4096 ways. The game starts with Big Bounty Wins set to 1. Total winnings per transaction is limited to 5000x base bet. A transaction is all payouts and games that may occur as a result of a bet. If the transaction win limit is reached the win will be awarded and any remaining win amounts or free spins are forfeited. Free Spins with Big Bounty Wins™ During Free Spins any win 10x or higher than the triggering bet is a Big Bounty win. 5 Scatters landing in base game will increase the number of collected Big Bounty Wins by 1. A maximum of 10 Big Bounty Wins can be accumulated until Free Spins is triggered. 6 Scatters landing in base game will trigger Free Spins with Big Bounty Wins. Free Spins continue until all accumulated Big Bounty Wins of 10x or more have occured. Golden Bronco symbols appear on the reels during Free Spins. Each landing Golden Bronco symbol is collected and will reveal a High 1 Bronco symbol. Initially collecting 5 Golden Bronco symbols will replace all High 4 Symbols with High 1 symbols from the subsequent spin onwards. Thereafter collecting another 5 Golden Bronco symbols will replace all High 3 Symbols with High 1 symbols from the subsequent spin onwards. Finally collecting a final 5 Golden Bronco symbols will replace all High 2 Symbols with High 1 symbols from the subsequent spin onwards. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Free Spins will end once the final win amount is awarded. All ways played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Free Spins play out automatically. Free Spins cannot be retriggered. After Free Spins end, Big Bounty Wins will be reset to 1 in the base game. Upsizer™ Feature Before the Free Spins feature begins, you may have the option to purchase additional Big Bounty Wins for a calculated cost. The maximum possible number of accumulated Big Bounty Wins before Free Spins begin is 10. When you select a number of Big Bounty Wins, you are prompted to confirm or cancel your choice and the purchase cost. The feature may be limited or made inaccessible while your bet exceeds a specified amount. The feature may not be available in all regions. Wheel Bonus Game This game is randomly triggered when a Coin symbol lands on reel 6. You can win one of four guaranteed prizes. This game consists of a wheel pided into coloured segments. Each segment is associated with a different prize. Depending on where the wheel stops, you can win one of the following prizes: The Mega prize awards a 5 000x multiplier value. The Major prize awards a 250x multiplier value. The Minor prize awards a 50x multiplier value. The Mini prize awards a 15x multiplier value. The multiplier value is multiplied by your current base game bet. The last bet you placed in the game is used as the feature bet amount. Winnings are automatically collected during this feature. Bronco Rush Bronco Rush will occur at random during any reel spin. A reel event animation plays and at least 6 Bronco symbols will subsequently land when the spin resolves. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the current total bet pided by the way cost of 10. Way Rules This game includes 4096 ways. A way is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs across the reels. Way wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other in this pattern. Payout Rules Way win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. If multiple winning combinations land on a single way, only the highest win is awarded. The total payout is the sum of all way wins and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Scatter Symbols 5 Scatters landing in base game will increase the number of collected Big Bounty Wins by 1. A maximum of 10 Big Bounty Wins can be accumulated until Free Spins is triggered. 6 Scatters landing in base game will trigger Free Spins with Big Bounty Wins. Scatter symbols only appear in the base game. Wild Symbols Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Scatters. Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wild symbols do not appear on the first reel. Coin Symbol The Coin symbol only appears on reel 6. The Coin symbol only appears in the base game. Autoplay Some settings and features may not be available in this game. This feature is available in base game only. Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Selecting an autoplay option button will set the number of spins and start Autoplay AutoPlay plays with the last bet value you selected, so you must select a bet amount before starting AutoPlay. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Autoplay Options AutoPlay options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. Number of spins: Set the number of spins you want to play. Bet settings: Set the bet amount you want to play. Until stop: Set the session to play until you select to stop. This does not influence the results of the spin. Stop if a win exceeds or equals: Stop the session if the win exceeds or equals the amount selected. Win Limit or If win at least: Stop the session if the win exceeds or equals the amount selected. Loss Limit or If amount drops by: Stop the session if your balance decreases and drops below or equals the amount selected. Stop once all spins are complete: Stop after playing the number of spins selected. Stop on any win: Stop the session if you win on a spin. Stop if credits increase by: Stop the session if your balance increases and exceeds or equals the amount selected. Stop if credits decrease by: Stop the session if your balance decreases and drops below or equals the amount selected. Stop on a feature: Stops if Free Spins or another bonus feature is activated. Bet Settings Quick Bet: Displays a range of quick betting options to select your total bet amount. Advanced: (+) or (-) Selects the total amount you want to bet. Max Bet: Available in both Quick Bet and Advanced modes, places the maximum bet permitted. Bet options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. Game Settings Sounds: Enables game sounds. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. This feature is only available in selected games. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Depending on the game you are playing, the RTP value may be defined as a single value or defined by the different stages or modes of the game. Values are calculated initially by piding the total possible payouts by the total possible outcomes that are available within the game. Values are calculated initially by piding the total payouts by the total bets from a simulation of numerous game rounds. Values reflect the maximum expected return and do not change. RTP: 94.24%. Upsizer™ RTP: 94.24%. The probability of triggering certain game events may change during gameplay depending on the current game state or progress. Last modification date: 8/20/2024