3 Lucky Rainbows About this Game ´üČ This is a 5 reel 4 row video slot game. ´üČ The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. ´üČ Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Bet Rules ´üČ Each spin played costs a total bet amount. ´üČ The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the paylines played. ´üČ The initial bet is the current total bet pided by the payline cost of 20. Payline Rules ´üČ This game includes 20 - 40 paylines. ´üČ The number of paylines played is fixed. ´üČ A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. ´üČ A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. ´üČ Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Payout Rules ´üČ Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. ´üČ The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. ´üČ The total payout is the sum of all payline wins resulting from a spin. ´üČ If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. ´üČ Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. ´üČ The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Game Controls ´üČ Spin button: Starts a reel spin. ´üČ Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. ´üČ A click or tap on the reels stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. ´üČ Spin Settings button: Displays additional spin options. ´üČ Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. ´üČ Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. ´üČ Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. ´üČ Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. ´üČ Bet Increase button: Increases the current bet. ´üČ Bet Decrease button: Decreases the current bet. ´üČ Bet: Displays the current total bet. ´üČ Win: Displays the most recent win. ´üČ Credits: Displays the current balances. ´üČ Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Game Menu ´üČ Menu button: Displays additional game options. ´üČ Home button: Exits the game. ´üČ Banking button: Displays the banking page. ´üČ Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. ´üČ Sounds: Enables game sounds. Autoplay ´üČ This feature is available in base game only. ´üČ Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. ´üČ Spins are played at the current selected bet. ´üČ The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. ´üČ Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. ´üČ Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. ´üČ Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. ´üČ Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. Additional Information ´üČ Some settings and features may not be available in this game. ´üČ Malfunction voids all pays and plays. ´üČ Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. ´üČ In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. ´üČ The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. ´üČ The results of the last game played are displayed. ´üČ If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Wild Symbols ´üČ Hat symbols are Wild symbols. ´üČ Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Coin symbols. ´üČ Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. ´üČ Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. Pot of Gold Free Spins ´üČ Whenever one or more Lucky Coins appear there is a chance for Pot of Gold Free Spins to be triggered. ´üČ Each Lucky Coin collects to the Pot of Gold of the same color above the reels. ´üČ The combination of Lucky Coins that collect when the Pot of Gold Free Spins are triggered determines the Pot of Gold Upgrades awarded. ´üČ Bet multiplier is the same as the game that triggered the feature. Green Pot of Gold Upgrades ´üČ 5 free spins are awarded. ´üČ 40 lines are played during this feature. ´üČ All reels grow to a height of 6 symbol positions. ´üČ Any reel with a Wild symbol appearing is nudged so that all positions on that reel contain Wild symbols. ´üČ All wins are paid after the reels have been nudged. Red Pot of Gold Upgrades ´üČ 10 free spins are awarded. ´üČ Every Gold Lucky Coin that appears during this feature will award a letter or bonus credit prize. ´üČ Bonus credit prize is always equal to the current bet. ´üČ Possible letter prizes for the MEGA jackpot are red M, E, G and A. ´üČ Possible letter prizes for the MAJOR jackpot are purple M, A, J, O and R. ´üČ Possible letter prizes for the MINOR jackpot are blue M, I, N, O and R. ´üČ Possible letter prizes for the MINI jackpot are green M, I, N and I. ´üČ If all letter prizes for a jackpot are collected, the corresponding jackpot is awarded and the collected letters for that jackpot are reset. Purple Pot of Gold Upgrades ´üČ 5 free spins are awarded. ´üČ Every Gold Lucky Coin that appears during this feature awards 1 free spin, 2 free spins or a bonus credit prize. ´üČ Bonus credit prize is always equal to the current bet. ´üČ Every spin a random multiplier of 2, 3 or 5 is awarded. ´üČ Line wins and bonus credit prizes are multiplied by the random multiplier. Multiple Pot of Gold Upgrades ´üČ Free spins are played with all Pot of Gold Upgrades triggered on a single base spin. ´üČ If a Red Pot of Gold Upgrade is triggered then 10 Free Spins are awarded, otherwise 5 Free Spins are awarded. ´üČ The random multiplier from the Purple Pot of Gold Upgrade applies to all line wins and bonus credit prizes, and does not apply to jackpots. Return to Player ´üČ The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. ´üČ Values are calculated initially by piding the total possible payouts by the total possible outcomes that are available within the game. ´üČ Values reflect the maximum expected return and do not change. ´üČ Overall RTP: 94.16%. ´üČ The probability of triggering certain game events may change during gameplay depending on the current game state or progress. Last modification date: 12/6/2022