Firebird Fortunes About this Game This is a 5 reel 4 row video slot game. This game has 1024 Ways. It features money symbols, Blazing Bonus Wheel and Free Spins with a multiplier progression meter. General Way pays if the same symbols appear in succession in any position on adjacent reels, from the leftmost position to the rightmost position according to PAYTABLE. Only the highest win per Way is paid. Simultaneous wins on different Ways are added. Free Spins symbols only appear on reels 1, 3 and 5 in the base game. Money Symbols In the base game and Free Spins, money symbols can appear anywhere on the reels. Each money symbol is allocated a random value or prize. The regular money symbol values are: 0.5x, 1x, 1.5x, 2x, 2.5x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x and 8x the current bet. The MINI prize awards 10x the current bet. The MINOR prize awards 25x the current bet. The MAJOR prize awards 200x the current bet. The MEGA prize awards 1000x the current bet. Money symbols connected in multiple Way wins are paid only once with their respective values and prizes added together, and the sum is the win awarded. Blazing Bonus Wheel Trigger Some symbols on the reels in the base game have a bonus token attached to them. Every time a bonus token lands on a spin without any wins, there is a chance to trigger the Blazing Bonus Wheel feature. The graphical collection pot in the game is purely for visual entertainment purposes and as such does not influence the chance of awarding a cash prize. The Blazing Bonus Wheel feature cannot trigger on a spin that triggers the Free Spins feature. The Blazing Bonus Wheel feature cannot trigger during the Free Spins feature. Blazing Bonus Wheel Blazing Bonus Wheel awards one of the four guaranteed prizes together with one out of five multipliers. The possible prizes are MINI, MINOR, MAJOR and MEGA. The MINI prize awards 10x the current bet. The MINOR prize awards 25x the current bet. The MAJOR prize awards 200x the current bet. The MEGA prize awards 1000x the current bet. The possible multipliers are x1, x2, x3, x4 and x5. The prize wheel and the multiplier wheel will spin once each and award the resulting prize multiplied by the resulting multiplier. Free Spins 3 Free Spins symbols landing anywhere on reels 1, 3 and 5, award 10 Free Spins. Way wins, if any, are paid out before the feature begins. In Free Spins, each reel is expanded to 5 rows and the number of Ways to win is increased from 1024 to 3125. The Free Spins feature includes Collect symbols, Fireball symbols and a Free Spins multiplier progression meter. Fireball symbols only appear on reels 1, 3 and 5 during the Free Spins. The Collect symbol can only appear on reel 5. When a Collect symbol lands, all money symbols landed in the same spin will have their respective values added up and awarded. The Free Spins multiplier progression meter is divided into five levels, each with their own multiplier. The levels are: x1, x2, x3, x5 and x25. Free Spins begins at a multiplier of x1. Higher levels are unlocked by collecting Fireball symbols. 4 Fireball symbols are needed to unlock the next multiplier level. Collected Fireball symbols are tracked on the Free Spins multiplier progression meter. Unlocking a level will award 5 extra Free Spins when activated. An unlocked level becomes active when the current level spins have been completed. The Free Spins feature continues until all unlocked levels have played out. All regular money symbols that are part of a win are multiplied by the currently active multiplier. Money symbols with values MINI, MINOR, MAJOR or MEGA are not affected by the multiplier. Winnings are automatically collected during Free Spins. The last bet placed in the game is used as the Free Spins bet amount. Game Terms Translations The following list is only applicable in a language other than English FREE SPINS - FREE SPINS WIN UP TO 5000x - WIN UP TO 5000x WAY / WAYS - WAY / WAYS BLAZING BONUS WHEEL - BLAZING BONUS WHEEL COLLECT - COLLECT FIREBALL - FIREBALL MINI - MINI MINOR - MINOR MAJOR - MAJOR MEGA - MEGA BIG WIN - BIG WIN MEGA WIN - MEGA WIN EPIC WIN - EPIC WIN JUST FOR THE WIN - JUST FOR THE WIN Game Controls Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Spin button: Start the game with the current bet size as displayed in the bet field. Pressing anywhere on the reels or the Spin button during a spin displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button: Select a number of spins to auto play by selecting a value. Start and stop the Autoplay by pressing the spin button. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Balance field: Displays the current account balance. Bet field: Displays the current bet size. Total and Win field: Displays the pay in a winning round. Game Menu Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Sound button: Turn sound on or off. Autoplay button: Select a number of spins to auto play by selecting a value. Start and stop the Autoplay by pressing the spin button. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Banking button: Navigate to the Banking pages. Lobby button: Navigate back to the lobby. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Last modification date: 2/11/2025