Amazing Link Frenzy About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Bet Rules The total bet is based on the initial bet placed on each payline played. Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the current total bet pided by the number of paylines played. Payline Rules This game includes 20 paylines. The number of paylines played is fixed. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Payout Rules The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins resulting from a spin. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. This feature is available in base game only. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Wild Symbols Wild symbols are Wild symbols. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Bonus and Amazing symbols. Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. Amazing Link™ Feature 6 or more Amazing symbols anywhere on the reels trigger this feature. 3 free respins are awarded. Triggering Amazing symbols are locked in place while all other symbol positions respin. Any additional Amazing symbols that land are locked in place and reset the remaining respins to 3. The feature ends when all positions are filled or respins are finished. Amazing symbol prize values are based on total bet. The MEGA prize is awarded when all positions are filled with Amazing symbols. All prizes are awarded at the end of the feature. Amazing Link™ Collect-All Randomly, an Amazing symbol can be a Collect-All Amazing symbol. When a Collect-All Amazing symbol lands during the Amazing Link™ feature, it collects the values from all locked Amazing and Collect-All Amazing symbols. Each Collect-All Amazing symbol will only collect the values one time. Once the Collect-All Amazing symbol has collected the values, it will not collect any future values from subsequent Collect-All sequences or respins. Pick Feature At the end of each base game spin, Amazing symbols can randomly trigger the Pick feature. Amazing symbols that land during the base game collect above the reels. Collected symbols can randomly trigger the Pick feature. Match 3 icons to win the respective prize. If one of the 3 MAJOR, MINOR or MINI matching icons has a 2x, 3x or 5x, then the respective winning prize is multiplied by the displayed 2x, 3x or 5x. The Pick feature can only be triggered after a base game spin that doesn’t result in a Free Spins trigger or an Amazing Link™ feature. Buy Feature The Buy Feature costs 110x total bet. Activating this feature will instantly trigger the Epic Free Spins feature. Epic Free Spins additionally award between 2 and 5 collected Trophies at the beginning of the Free Spins. When Free Spins are triggered with 3 Bonus symbols, the player can choose to either play Free Spins normally or instantly purchase the Epic Free Spins at a discounted cost of 50x. This feature is not available above a certain bet threshold. This feature may not be available in this game. Free Spins Bonus symbols appear in base game only. Bonus symbols appear on reel 1, 3 and 5 only. Bonus symbols do not have a payout. 3 Bonus symbols anywhere on the reels trigger this feature. 10 Free Spins are awarded. On each spin, 1 reel is randomly selected to contain only Wild Amazing symbols. Randomly, a Wild Amazing symbol can be a Wild Collect-All Amazing symbol. Wild Amazing symbols can substitute for all symbols except Bonus symbols. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. All lines played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Randomly, a Trophy can appear on any Wild Amazing symbol. When a Trophy appears, it is collected and awards 1 free spin. Every other Trophy collected removes 9, 10, J, Q, K or A, respectively from the reels, for the remaining free spins starting with the first Trophy collected. Up to 11 Trophies can be collected. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Free Spins cannot be retriggered. Game Terminology The following are translations of game terms that may appear in English in the game. MEGA = MEGA MAJOR = MAJOR MINOR = MINOR MINI = MINI Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Values are calculated initially by piding the total possible payouts by the total possible outcomes that are available within the game. Values reflect the maximum expected return and do not change. RTP: 94.20%. RTP with Buy Feature: 94.20%. RTP in Free Spins with Upgrade: 94.20%. Last modification date: 12/5/2023