Crazy Digginz - It's all Mine! About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Payline Rules This game includes 20 fixed paylines. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed on each payline played. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the number of paylines played. Payout Rules Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. Payline win is multiplied by the sum of the multipliers on the symbols that contribute to the win combination. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins resulting from a spin. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. Wild Symbols Wild symbols appear on reels 2, 3 and 4. Wild symbols are available during the base game and the Free Spins feature. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Bonus symbols and Special Wild symbols. Special Wilds Allmine, Flint and Morpho are Special Wilds. Allmine (The Collector) Flint (The Spreader) Morpho (The Upgrader) Special Wilds appear on reels 2 , 3 and 4. Special Wild symbols are available during the base game and the Free Spins feature. Allmine collects all win multipliers attached to high symbols. If no multiplier is attached on the high symbol, Allmine collects x1 multiplier from it. The total number of collected win multipliers are the sum applied to Allmine. Flint randomly distributes multipliers to all symbols, except Bonus symbols. Morpho randomly upgrades one type of medium or low symbols to random high symbols. Special Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Bonus symbols. Crazy Mode Crazy Mode increases Special Wild rewards. Crazy Mode randomly triggers in the base game and Free Spins. Allmine collects double the amount of multipliers attached on high symbols. If no multiplier is attached on the high symbol, Allmine collects a total of x2 multiplier from it. Flint randomly distributes more multipliers to all symbols, except Bonus symbols. Morpho randomly upgrades 2 types of medium or low symbols to random high symbols. Free Spins Bonus symbols appear on all reels during the base game. Bonus symbols appear on reels 1, 3 and 5 in Free Spins. Land 3, 4 or 5 Bonus symbols in the base game to trigger 8-12 Free Spins randomly and unlock Special Wild features. The number of Bonus symbols landed, determines the number of Special Wild features that are unlocked. 3 Bonus symbols unlock Allmine. 4 Bonus symbols unlock Allmine and Flint. 5 Bonus symbols unlock Allmine, Flint and Morpho. Land 3 Bonus symbols in Free Spins to retrigger 8-12 Free Spins randomly and unlock an additional Special Wild feature. Free Spins play out automatically. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered the feature. Buy Feature Buy Feature is available in the base game. Activating the Buy Feature triggers Free Spins. Feature Cost: To unlock Allmine costs 79x the current bet amount. To unlock Allmine and Flint costs 299x the current bet amount. To unlock Allmine, Flint and Morpho costs 1999x the current bet amount. The feature is played at the current bet. The feature is not available above a certain bet threshold. Win Booster™ This feature is available in the base game only. Activate Win Booster™ to increase your chance of landing Special Wilds, Bonus and High symbols in the base game. Win Booster™ doubles the total bet amount. Win Booster™ does not affect line pays Game Controls Credits: Displays the current balances.Bet: Displays the current total bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Max Bet button: Sets the current bet to the maximum value. Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. A click or tap on the reels stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Shows remaining Autoplay spins and ends the current Autoplay session. Paytable button: Displays the game payout tables. Menu button: Displays the game settings. Autoplay This feature is available in the base game only. Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Autoplay Settings Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Bet Settings Total Bet: Sets the current total bet value. Min Bet button: Sets the current bet to the minimum value. Max Bet button: Sets the current bet to the maximum value. Preset Bets: Sets the current total bet value. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Values are calculated initially by dividing the total possible payouts by the total possible outcomes that are available within the game. Values reflect the average expected return and do not change. Last modification date: 2/14/2023