Gold Blitz Fortunes About this Game This is a 3 reel, 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Way Rules This game includes 27 ways. A way is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other in this pattern. Way wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The total bet is the number of coins multiplied by the coin size. The bet multiplier is 10. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the ways played. Payout Rules Way win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The total payout is the sum of all way wins resulting from a spin. If multiple winning combinations land on a single way, only the highest win is awarded. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Collect Feature Collect Symbol Cash Symbol Jackpot Symbols Land a Collect Symbol to trigger the Collect Feature. Each Collect Symbol awards all landed Cash and Jackpot symbols. Each Jackpot can be awarded multiple times in the same spin. The Collect Symbol appears on reels 1 and 3 in the base game and the Bonus and Blitz Bonus. Cash and Jackpot symbols appear on all reels in the base game, the Bonus and the Blitz Bonus. Cash and Jackpot Symbol values are multiplied by the total bet. Cash Symbol values range from 0.5x to 20x. Jackpot Symbol values range from 25x to 1 500x. Cash and Jackpot values scale with bet changes. Random Cash Multiplier The Random Cash Multiplier can activate on any base game spin where a Cash symbol is collected by a Collect symbol. The Random Cash Multiplier applies a 2x, 3x, 5x or 10x multiplier to all Cash symbols collected on that spin. The Random Cash Multiplier does not apply to Jackpot symbols. The Random Cash Multiplier cannot activate on a Gold Blitz™ Respin trigger or subsequent respins. The Random Cash Multiplier cannot activate during Bonus Scatter Respins. Wheel Feature Token Accumulate tokens for a random chance to trigger the Wheel Feature in the base game. To accumulate a token, a Cash or Jackpot symbol must land without landing a Collect symbol. Triggering the Wheel Feature awards a single spin of the wheel. The landed wheel segment awards the associated prize. Prizes include a cash payout, 1 of 3 Jackpots, triggering the Bonus or triggering the Blitz Bonus. Cash payout values are 8x, 10x, 12x, 15x or 20x the bet. Only tokens collected on the current spin contribute to the chance of triggering this feature. Jackpot values scale with bet changes. This feature cannot trigger upon the trigger of the Bonus, Gold Blitz™ Respins or Bonus Scatter Respins. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered the feature. The graphical collection pot in the game is purely for visual entertainment and as such does not influence triggering the Wheel Feature. Gold Blitz™ Respins 1 respin is awarded when Collect symbols land on reels 1 and 3 without landing any Cash or Jackpot symbols. Every position becomes an independent reel. The Collect symbols lock in position and all other reel positions spin independently. The independent reels spin with only Cash symbols, Jackpot symbols and blank positions. 1 or more Cash or Jackpot symbols are guaranteed to land. Up to 2 additional respins can be randomly awarded. If additional respins are awarded, only Collect symbols remain locked and all other reel positions respin. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered the feature. Any way wins are awarded before the feature begins. All wins are paid out once the feature is complete. This feature cannot trigger upon the trigger of the Bonus, Bonus Scatter Respins or the Wheel Feature. Bonus Scatter Respins Bonus Scatter 1 respin is awarded when a Bonus Scatter lands on the centre position of the middle reel in the base game, and the Bonus is not triggered. All reels containing a Bonus Scatter lock and the remaining reels respin. An additional respin is awarded when another Bonus Scatter lands during a respin and the Bonus is not triggered. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered the feature. This feature does not include Cash, Jackpot and Collect symbols. Any way wins are awarded before the feature begins and then after each respin. All wins are paid out once the feature is complete. Bonus 3 Bonus Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels trigger this feature. This feature can be triggered in the base game and from the Wheel Feature. Bonus Builder The Bonus Builder is awarded when the Bonus is triggered. The Bonus Builder begins with 3 builder spins. Every position is an independent reel. All 9 reels spin independently. The centre reel can only land the Collect symbol or blank positions. All other reels can land between 1 to 5 additional Free Spins, Cash Multipliers between 1x to 5x or blank positions. Free Spins, Cash Multipliers and the Collect Symbol are held on the reels. Each position that is not held respins individually. Landing a Collect symbol collects the values of any landed Free Spins and Cash Multipliers. Any time a reel position is filled, the number of builder spins resets to 3. The Bonus Builder is complete when no builder spins remain or all reel positions are filled. Once the Bonus Builder is complete, all Free Spin and Cash Multiplier values are tallied up and awarded for the Bonus Spins. Bonus Spins Bonus Spins start with 3 to 25 Free Spins and a Cash Multiplier of 2x to 10x. The Cash Multiplier persists for all Free Spins and applies to all collected Cash symbols. All symbols are stacked except for the Collect symbol. All bets and ways played are the same as the base game spin that triggered the Bonus. Bonus Scatter symbols are not available in this feature and the feature cannot retrigger. Bonus Scatter Respins and the Wheel Feature cannot trigger in this feature. Blitz Bonus This feature can be triggered from the Wheel Feature. Blitz Bonus Builder The Blitz Bonus Builder starts with 10 Free Spins and a 10x Cash Multiplier. All other functionality is the same as Bonus Builder. Blitz Bonus Spins Blitz Bonus Spins start with 13 to 35 Free Spins and a Cash Multiplier of 11x to 20x. All other functionality is the same as Bonus Spins. Bonus Buy Use the Bonus Buy to trigger the Bonus, the Blitz Bonus or the Random Feature. The Random Feature triggers either the Bonus or Blitz Bonus. Features are purchased at the prices displayed. This feature is available in the base game only. This feature may not be available in all regions. Bonus Buy or some Bonus Buy options may not be available above a certain bet threshold. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. This feature is available in the base game only. Triggering the Wheel Feature, the Bonus or Blitz Bonus will stop Autoplay. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. A bet amount must be set before starting the Autoplay session, as Autoplay plays with the last bet value. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Select the stop button to stop the current reel spin. This can also be done by selecting the reels. This does not influence the results of the spin. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Bet Decrease button: Decreases the current bet. Bet Increase button: Increases the current bet. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. AutoPlay Stop button: Displays the number of spins remaining and can stop the session. This does not influence the results of the spin. Sound toggle: Enables/disables game sounds. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Quickspin button: Disables Quickspin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Turbo Spin button: Enables Turbo Spin to resolve spins at the fastest speed. This does not influence the results of the spin. Builder Fast Forward button: Enables fast forward to resolve each individual builder spin faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Spacebar: Holding this keyboard button starts Turbo Spin. This does not influence the result of the spin. Spacebar: Pressing this keyboard button starts or stops a spin. This does not influence the result of the spin. Spin Button: Holding this button on mobile starts Turbo Spin. This does not influence the result of the spin. Video button: Displays In-game information. Exit button: Exits the game. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Return button: Returns to the game. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Help button: Displays help and additional information. Game History button: Displays game win history information. Banking button: Displays the banking page. Lobby button: Exits the game. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Game Settings The Settings panel provides access to multiple game settings. Balance: Displays the current balances. The balance is displayed in currency and is available in the console bar. Credits: Displays the current balances. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Bet Amount: Sets the current bet value. Bet Value buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Win: Displays the most recent win. Once the reels stop, winning combinations are highlighted. The win amount is displayed in the win box. Music: Enables game music. All Sounds setting controls all sounds, including game and background sounds. Game Sounds setting controls console and spin sounds, as well as sounds for winning combinations and sequences. (Only enabled if All Sounds is ON.) Background Music setting controls background music. (Only enabled if All Sounds is ON.) Buy Feature button: Displays the option to purchase the Bonus Buy feature. The spin button can be repositioned by selecting it and choosing a preferred position. Bet Settings Bet Value buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Max Bet button: Sets the current bet to the maximum value. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of additional game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to accept the offer and begin playing. Only one offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the offer. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired, the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. This feature is only available in selected games. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. RTP: 94.01% Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Last modification date: 10/28/2025