Stellar Portals About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. This game is played with credits only. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. This value is fixed and does not change. This game has an RTP of 96.04%. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. Payline Rules This game includes 20 paylines. The number of paylines played is fixed. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payout Rules Coinciding wins on different paylines are added to the win. Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins resulting from a spin. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The Multiplier Bonus, Rising Multiplier Bonus, Stacked Wild Bonus and Sticky Wild Bonus symbols are called Bonus symbols. The Wild and the Sticky Wild symbol replace all other symbols in the game except the Bonus symbol. Sticky Wild Respin Feature All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Spins within the feature will be called Respins. The Respins are free to the player. The Respins continue until no more Sticky Wild symbols land on the reels. The Respins spin the reel again with the Sticky Wild symbols sticking to their positions on the reels. The Sticky Wild symbol can land on any reel. The feature awards 1 Respin when triggered The feature is triggered when at least one Sticky Wild symbol lands on the reels. This feature can trigger in base game only. Multiplier Bonus Feature Multiplier Bonus Feature is a Free Spin feature. The Free Spins feature awards between 6 to 9 Free Spins with a multiplier of 5x base game bet. If 3 Multiplier Bonus symbols land on the reels, the Multiplier Bonus Feature is triggered. The Bonus symbols all land on reels 1, 3 and 5. This Free Spin feature awards a random number of Free Spins. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. The Free Spins are free to the player. Free Spins play out automatically. Free Spins cannot be retriggered. This feature can trigger in base game only. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Rising Multiplier Bonus Feature Rising Multiplier Bonus Feature is a Free Spin feature. If 3 Rising Multiplier Bonus symbols land on the reels, the Rising Multiplier Bonus Feature is triggered. The Bonus symbols all land on reels 1, 3 and 5. 6 Free Spins are awarded The first spin win is multiplied with 2. After the first spin, the following spin wins are multiplied by 3, 4, 5, 8 and 10, increasing with each spin. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. The Free Spins are free to the player. Free Spins play out automatically. Free Spins cannot be retriggered. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Stacked Wild Bonus Feature Stacked Wild Bonus Feature is a Free Spin feature. All reels feature stacked Wild symbols. If 3 Stacked Wild Bonus symbols land on the reels, the Stacked Wild Bonus Feature is triggered. The Bonus symbols all land on reels 1, 3 and 5. This Free Spin feature awards a random number of Free Spins. The awarded random number of Free Spins ranges from 6 up to and including 9 Free Spins. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. The Free Spins are free to the player. Free Spins play out automatically. Free Spins cannot be retriggered. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Sticky Wild Bonus Feature Sticky Wild Bonus Feature is a Free Spin feature. If 3 Sticky Wild Bonus symbols land on the reels, the Sticky Wild Bonus Feature is triggered. The Bonus symbols all land on reels 1, 3 and 5. 6 Free Spins are awarded. The Sticky Wild symbols are sticking to their positions on the reels. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. The Free Spins are free to the player. Free Spins play out automatically. Free Spins cannot be retriggered. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Menu button: Shows additional buttons: Settings button, Quickspin button and Home button. Settings button: Displays the Game Settings. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Home button: Exits the game. Balance: Displays the Casino balances. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Game Settings Settings button: Displays the game settings. Paytable button: Displays payout tables. Music: Enables game music. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Effects: Enables game sound effects. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Bet Settings Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Additional Information The Casino balance is updated with the amount won or lost. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. The results of the last spin played are displayed. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Game Terminology STELLAR PORTALS™ = STELLAR PORTALS™ BIG WIN = BIG WIN EPIC WIN = EPIC WIN FREE SPIN = FREE SPIN LEGENDARY WIN = LEGENDARY WIN MEGA WIN = MEGA WIN RESPIN = RESPIN SPIN = SPIN STICKY WILD = STICKY WILD WILD = WILD The maximum win from a single game is £155,400. Bet Range Min Bet : €0.20 Max Bet : €40 Last modification date: 10/14/2020