Dragon's Cache About this Game ´üČ This is a 5 reel 4 row video slot game. ´üČ The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. ´üČ Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Bet Rules ´üČ Each spin played costs a total bet amount. ´üČ The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the payline cost of 20. ´üČ The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the paylines played. Payline Rules ´üČ This game includes 40 paylines. ´üČ The number of paylines played is fixed. ´üČ A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. ´üČ A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. ´üČ Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Payout Rules ´üČ Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. ´üČ The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. ´üČ The total payout is the sum of all payline wins resulting from a spin. ´üČ If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. ´üČ Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. ´üČ The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Spin Settings button: Displays additional spin options. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Increase Bet button: Increases the Total Bet. Decrease Bet button: Decreases the Total Bet. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Credits: Displays the current balances. Jackpot Feature Autoplay button: Automatically selects icons in the Jackpot Feature. This does not influence the results of the feature. Buy Feature button: Displays the option to purchase Free Spins. A click or tap on the reels stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Game Menu Menu button: Displays additional game options. Home button: Exits the game. Banking button: Displays the banking page. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Additional Information ´üČ Some settings and features may not be available in this game. ´üČ Malfunction voids all pays and plays. ´üČ Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. ´üČ In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. ´üČ The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. ´üČ The results of the last game played are displayed. ´üČ If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Wild Symbols ´üČ Eye symbols are Wild symbols. ´üČ Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Coin symbols. ´üČ Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. ´üČ Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. Dragon Chest Free Spins ´üČ Whenever one or more Dragon Coins appear there is a chance for Dragon Chest Free Spins to be triggered. ´üČ Each Dragon Coin collects to the chest of the same color above the reels. ´üČ The combination of Dragon Coins that collect when the Dragon Chest Free Spins are triggered determines the Chest Upgrades awarded. Green Chest Upgrades ´üČ 5 free spins are awarded. ´üČ 40 lines are played during this feature. ´üČ All reels grow to a height of 6 symbol positions. ´üČ Any reel with a Wild symbol appearing is nudged so that all positions on that reel contain Wild symbols. ´üČ All wins are paid after the reels have been nudged. Red Chest Upgrades ´üČ 10 free spins are awarded. ´üČ Every Gold Dragon Coin that appears during this feature will award a letter or bonus credit prize. ´üČ Bonus credit prize is always equal to the current bet. ´üČ Possible letter prizes for the MEGA jackpot are red M, E, G, and A. ´üČ Possible letter prizes for the MAJOR jackpot are purple M, A, J, O and R. ´üČ Possible letter prizes for the MINOR jackpot are blue M, I, N, O and R. ´üČ Possible letter prizes for the MINI jackpot are green M, I, N and I. ´üČ If all letter prizes for a jackpot are collected, the corresponding jackpot is awarded and the collected letters for that jackpot are reset. Purple Chest Upgrades ´üČ 5 free spins are awarded. ´üČ Every Gold Dragon Coin that appears during this feature awards 1 free spin, 2 free spins or a bonus credit prize. ´üČ Bonus credit prize is always equal to the current bet. ´üČ Every spin a random multiplier of 2, 3 or 5 is awarded. ´üČ Line wins and bonus credit prizes are multiplied by the random multiplier. Multiple Chest Upgrades ´üČ Free spins are played with all Chest Upgrades triggered on a single base spin. ´üČ If a Red Chest Upgrade is triggered then 10 Free Spins are awarded, otherwise 5 Free Spins are awarded. ´üČ The random multiplier from the Purple Chest Upgrade applies to all line wins and bonus credit prizes, and does not apply to jackpots. Return to Player ´üČ The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. ´üČ Values are calculated initially by dividing the total possible payouts by the total possible outcomes that are available within the game. ´üČ Values reflect the maximum expected return and do not change. ´üČ Overall RTP: 94.16%. ´üČ The probability of triggering certain game events may change during gameplay depending on the current game state or progress. Last modification date: 8/9/2022