Threefold the Gold About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. Payline Rules This game includes 25 paylines. The number of paylines played is fixed. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Payline wins are awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payout Rules The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. Lucky Levels Lucky Level 1 10 base game spins will activate Lucky Level 1. A Rainbow can now randomly appear and add Rainbow symbols to reels 2 – 4 that will reveal Wilds or Prize symbols. Lucky Level 2 30 base game spins will activate Lucky Level 2. Bonus Booster Wheel feature is available after all Wheel Bonus features. Lucky Level 3 60 base game spins will activate Lucky Level 3. Trigger symbol will be added to reel 1. Lucky Level 4 110 base game spins will activate Lucky Level 4. Sticky Free Spins Scatter symbols can now appear on reels 2, 3, and 4. Lucky Level 5 210 base game spins will activate Lucky Level 5. A minimum win from 20x - 200x the total bet will now be guaranteed for both the Multiplier Free Spins and the Sticky Free Spins. Express Collect™ Land at least one Trigger symbol on reel 1 (if Lucky Level 3 has been activated) or reel 5 and Express Collect™ Prize symbols on the other reels to trigger the Express Collect™ feature. The feature awards the total of all displayed prize values per Trigger symbol that has landed. Prize values can be the following credit values: 0.8X, 1.2X, 2X, 4X, 6X, 8X, 10X, 12X, 20X, 40X, 50X, 60X, 80X, 100X, 200X. Wheel Bonus Any Prize symbols appearing on screen without a Trigger symbol may randomly trigger the Wheel Bonus. Spin the wheel to win a prize. The wheel has the following prize wedges: 1000x bet (Mega) 200x bet (Major) 50x bet (Minor) 20x bet (Maxi) 5x bet (Mini) Wheel Bonus can only be triggered in the base game. Bonus Booster Wheel Bonus Booster Wheel is activated from Lucky Level 2. At the completion of the Wheel Bonus, the Bonus Booster Wheel offers a chance to boost the original awarded wheel prize. If the Bonus Booster Wheel stops on Boost, the prize is increased. If it stops on the prize value, it will be instantly awarded. Mega prize can award up to 4 Bonus Booster Wheel spins. Mega prize can be boosted to 2000x, 3000x, 4000x or 6000x. Major prize can award up to 5 Bonus Booster Wheel spins. Major prize can be boosted to 400x, 600x, 800x, 1000x or 1400x. Minor prize can award up to 5 Bonus Booster Wheel spins. Minor prize can be boosted to 100x, 150x, 200x, 250x or 350x. Maxi prize can award up to 5 Bonus Booster Wheel spins. Maxi prize can be boosted to 40x, 60x, 80x, 100x or 140x. Mini prize can award up to 5 Bonus Booster Wheel spins. Mini prize can be boosted to 10x, 15x, 20x, 25x or 35x. At the completion of the Bonus Booster Wheel feature, all prizes will reset to the initial prize values. Multiplier Free Spins Multiplier Free Spins Scatter appears on reels 2, 3 and 4, in Lucky Level 1, Lucky Level 2, Lucky Level 3 and Lucky Level 5. Land 3 multiplier Free Spins Scatters to trigger 10 Multiplier Free Spins. Land 3 Multiplier Free Spins Scatters during the feature to retrigger 10 Multiplier Free Spins. Multiplier Free Spins can be triggered in Lucky Level 1, Lucky Level 2, Lucky Level 3 and Lucky Level 5. All bets and lines played are the same as the spin that triggered the feature. Multiplier Free Spins Meter The Multiplier Free Spins meter displays the accumulated multiplier. The multiplier can increase in the base game. The multiplier applies to Express Collect™ features in Multiplier Free Spins. The multiplier applies to Trigger symbols appearing on reels 1 and 5. Multiplier Free Spins Booster Symbol The Multiplier Free Spins Booster symbol can randomly appear on any one of other symbols except Multiplier Free Spins Scatters, Sticky Free Spins Scatters, Rainbow symbols, Prize symbols, Wild, Sticky Free Spins Booster, and Trigger symbols in base game. Each Multiplier Free Spins Booster symbol appearing will increase the multiplier by 0.5x. The maximum multiplier accumulated is 10x. At the completion of Multiplier Free Spins with 10x multiplier, Multiplier Free Spins Meter will randomly reset to 1x, 1.5x, 2x, 2.5x, 3x, 3.5x or 4x. Multiplier Free Spins Minimum Win Minimum Win is activated from Lucky Level 5. The Multiplier Free Spins Minimum Win meter displayed applies to the Multiplier Free Spins feature. The Multiplier Free Spins Minimum Win will increase by 10x, when the Multiplier Free Spins meter increases. Multiplier Free Spins Minimum Win value starts at 20x and can increase in base game to a maximum of 200x. If the total win at the end of a Multiplier Free Spins feature, is less than its corresponding Minimum Win value, the total win will be increased to match the corresponding Minimum Win value as displayed. At the completion of a Multiplier Free Spins feature with 200x Minimum Win, its Minimum Win value will reset to 20x - 80x on Multiplier Free Spins Minimum Win meter. Sticky Free Spins Sticky Free Spins Scatter appears on reels 2, 3 and 4, in Lucky Level 4 and Lucky Level 5. Land 3 Sticky Free Spins Scatters to trigger Sticky Free Spins. The number of Sticky Free Spins awarded is determined by the value on the Sticky Free Spins meter at triggering. The Express Collect™ can be won during Sticky Free Spins. The feature begins with all blank positions on the screen. Each position spins individually. Only Trigger symbols, Prize symbols and blank positions can appear in Sticky Free Spins. The Trigger symbols can appear on the second position on reel 1 and reel 5 only. The Prize symbols can appear on all the positions on the reels except the second position on reel 1 and reel 5. Any Prize symbols that land will be held for the remaining Sticky Free Spins. Sticky Free Spins cannot be retriggered. Sticky Free Spins can be triggered in Lucky Level 4 and Lucky Level 5. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Sticky Free Spins Meter The Sticky Free Spins meter displays the accumulated number of Sticky Free Spins. Sticky Free Spins Booster Symbol The Sticky Free Spins Booster symbol can randomly appear on any one of other symbols except Multiplier Free Spins Scatters, Sticky Free Spins Scatters, Rainbow symbols, Wild, Prize symbols, Multiplier Free Spins Booster, and Trigger symbols in base game. The Sticky Free Spins meter initially starts from 7 Sticky Free Spins. Each Sticky Free Spins Booster symbol appearing will increase the Sticky Free Spins meter by 1. The maximum number of Sticky Free Spins accumulated is 25. At the completion of Sticky Free Spins with 25 Sticky Free Spins played, Sticky Free Spins meter will randomly reset to 7, 8, 9, or 10 Sticky Free Spins. Sticky Free Spins Minimum Win Minimum Win is activated from Lucky Level 5. The Sticky Free Spins Minimum Win meter displayed applies to the Sticky Free Spins feature. The Sticky Free Spins Minimum Win will increase by 10x, when Sticky Free Spins meter number increases. Sticky Free Spins Minimum Win value starts at 20x and can increase in base game to a maximum of 200x. If the total win at end of a Sticky Free Spins feature, is less than its corresponding Minimum Win value, the total win will be increased to match the corresponding Minimum Win value as displayed. At the completion of a Sticky Free Spins feature with 200x Minimum Win, the Sticky Free Spins Minimum Win value will reset to 20x - 80x on the Sticky Free Spins Minimum Win meter. Mystery Prize A Mystery Prize can be randomly triggered during the base game. The Mystery Prize consists of a multiplier and a credit value. If the multiplier is x1.5, x2, x2.5, x3, x3.5, x4, x4.5, x5, x5.5, x6, x6.5, x7, x7.5, x8, x8.5, x9, x9.5, or x10, then the credit value can be 0.8x, 1.2x, 2x, 4x, 6x, 8x, 10x, 12x, 20x, 40x, 50x, 60x, 80x, 100x, or 200x. If the multiplier is x1, then the credit value can be 0.8x, 1.2x, 2x, 4x, 6x, 8x, 10x, 12x, 15x, 20x, 25x, 35x, 40x, 50x, 60x, 80x, 100x, 140x, 150x, 200x, 250x, 350x, 400x, 600x, 800x, 1000x, 1400x, 2000x, 3000x, 4000x, or 6000x. Wild Symbols Wild symbols appear on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5. Wilds substitute for all symbols except Multiplier Free Spins Scatters, Sticky Free Spins Scatters, Rainbow symbols, Multiplier Free Spins Booster symbol, Sticky Free Spins Booster symbol, Trigger symbols, and Prize symbols. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. This feature is available in base game only. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Fast Play button: Toggles to turn Fast Play on or off to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Select anywhere on the reels to stop the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Spacebar: Pressing this keyboard button will start or stop a reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay start button: Starts Autoplay session. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Fast Play button: Toggles Fast Play on or off. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Bet Increase button: Increases the current bet. Bet Decrease button: Decreases the current bet. Media button: Display additional in-game media content. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Balance: Displays the current balances. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Game Menu Menu button: Displays additional game options. Lobby button: Exits the game. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Banking button: Displays the banking page. Close button: Closes the game menu. Game Settings Sounds: Enables game sounds. Music: Enables game music. Sound Effects: Toggles the game's sound effects on or off. Intro Screen: Toggles the introductory screen on or off. Spacebar: Toggle to turn Push Spacebar To Spin on or off. Translation of Game Terms Big Win - Big Win Super Win - Super Win Ultra Win - Ultra Win Epic Win - Epic Win Mega - Mega Major - Major Minor - Minor Maxi - Maxi Mini - Mini Sticky Free Spins - Sticky Free Spins Multiplier Free Spins - Multiplier Free Spins Minimum Win - Minimum Win Mystery Prize - Mystery Prize Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of additional game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. RTP - 94.14% Last modification date: 2/10/2026