Chilli Inferno About this Game ´üČ This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. ´üČ This game includes 25 fixed paylines. ´üČ Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. ´üČ This game features the Link Ôäó feature that can be triggered during the base game or Free Spins. Payout Rules ´üČ If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. ´üČ Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. ´üČ The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. ´üČ The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. ´üČ The total payout is the sum of all payline wins and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. Payline Rules ´üČ A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. ´üČ Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. ´üČ A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. ´üČ Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. ´üČ This game includes 25 fixed paylines. Bet Rules ´üČ Each spin played costs the bet amount. ´üČ The total bet is based on the initial bet, multiplied by the number of the paylines played. ´üČ The initial bet is the current total bet pided by the number of paylines played. ´üČ The initial bet is also known as the bet per payline. Wild Symbols ´üČ Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. ´üČ Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Free Spins, Link Ôäó and Mystery symbols. Win BoosterÔäó Feature ´üČ Activating the Win BoosterÔäó increases the total bet by 1.4. ´üČ This feature is available in base game only. ´üČ Win BoosterÔäó adds additional Link Ôäó symbols to the base reels, increasing the chance of triggering the Link Ôäó feature. Link Ôäó Feature ´üČ 6 or more Link Ôäó symbols scattered anywhere on the reels triggers the Link Ôäó feature. ´üČ All Link Ôäó symbols lock. ´üČ 3 respins are awarded. ´üČ Only Link Ôäó symbols are available to win during Link Ôäó feature. ´üČ When Link Ôäó symbols land, respins are reset to 3. ´üČ Each Link Ôäó symbol awards a cash prize. ´üČ All cash prizes are awarded at the end of the feature. ´üČ The feature ends when all positions are filled with Link Ôäó symbols, or no spins are remaining. ´üČ The MEGA prize is awarded when all positions are filled with Link Ôäó symbols. ´üČ Link Ôäó feature can be awarded in the base game and Free Spins. Free Spins ´üČ 3, 4 or 5 Free Spins symbols scattered anywhere on the reels trigger this feature. ´üČ 7, 10 or 20 Free Spins are awarded respectively. ´üČ Free spins can be retriggered. ´üČ Free Spins can be triggered on the same spin as Link Ôäó Feature. ´üČ Link Ôäó Feature will be awarded before entering the Free Spins. ´üČ Free Spins reels feature a Mystery symbol. ´üČ At the end of each spin, the Mystery symbol will change into any other symbol, except the Free Spins symbol. ´üČ Evaluation occurs after the Mystery symbol changes. ´üČ Free Spins reels are different than triggering reels. ´üČ Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. ´üČ All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. ´üČ All lines played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Game Controls ´üČ Credits: Displays the current balances. ´üČ Bet: Sets the current bet value. ´üČ Win: Displays the most recent win. ´üČ Spin button: Starts a reel spin. ´üČ Spins are played at the current selected bet. ´üČ Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. ´üČ Selecting the game screen can stop the spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. ´üČ Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. ´üČ Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. ´üČ Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. ´üČ Hold to Turbo Spin: Hold the spin button to enable Turbo Spin. Turbo Spin ends when the spin button is lifted. This does not influence the results of the spin. ´üČ Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. ´üČ Menu button: Displays additional game options. ´üČ Settings button: Displays the game settings. ´üČ Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. ´üČ Home button: Exits the game. ´üČ Help button: Displays help and additional information. Autoplay ´üČ Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. ´üČ Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. ´üČ Spins are played at the current selected bet. ´üČ Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. ´üČ The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. ´üČ This feature is available in base game only. Game Settings ´üČ Quickspin: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. ´üČ Music: Enables game music. ´üČ Sounds: Enables game sounds. ´üČ Startup Screen button: Enables game advertisement on game load. ´üČ Left-Handed Mode button: Enables left-handed mode. Bet Settings ´üČ Bet Value buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. ´üČ Max Bet button: Sets the current bet to the maximum value. Return to Player ´üČ The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. ´üČ Values are calculated initially by piding the total possible payouts by the total possible outcomes that are available within the game. ´üČ Values reflect the average expected return and do not change. ´üČ Overall RTP: 94.20%. ´üČ Win BoosterÔäó activated, overall RTP: 94.20%. Additional Information ´üČ The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. ´üČ The results of the last game played are displayed. ´üČ Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. ´üČ Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. ´üČ In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. ´üČ If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. ´üČ Some settings and features may not be available in this game. ´üČ Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 12/6/2022