Agent Jane Blonde Max Volume About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Way Rules This game includes 243 ways. A way is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other in this pattern. Way wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right only on adjacent reels, starting from the first slot reel. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the number of coins multiplied by the coin size. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the ways played. Payout Rules Way win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The total payout is the sum of all way wins resulting from a spin. If multiple winning combinations land on a single way, only the highest win is awarded. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. Wild Symbols Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Scatters. This symbol does not have a payout. Wild symbols appear on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 in base game and Free Spins. Wilds can appear stacked 3 symbols high on reel 3 in base game and Free Spins. Scatter Symbols This symbol does not have a payout. Rolling Reels™ Feature This feature triggers after any ways win. Winning symbols are removed from the reels and the symbols above move into the empty spaces. If new winning combinations are formed, the feature triggers again. The feature continues until no winning combinations are present on the reels. This feature can trigger in base game and Free Spins. Jackpots 5 or more Scatters has a chance to trigger the Jackpot feature. 1 of 3 Jackpots are awarded. This feature can trigger in base game and Free Spins. The Gold jackpot awards 100x the total bet. The Silver jackpot awards 25x the total bet. The Bronze jackpot awards 5x the total bet. The jackpots are increased by the Free Spins multiplier. Only 1 jackpot can be awarded at a time. Scatters are collected if 5 or more are present on the reels. The graphical collection pot in the game is purely for visual entertainment and as such does not influence awarding a jackpot. Free Spins Selection 1 or more Scatters on all 5 reels triggers the Free Spins selection. 3 Free Spins features are available for selection. 15 Free Spins with an initial multiplier of 1x, increasing by 1x every spin. 10 Free Spins with an initial multiplier of 2x, increasing by 2x every spin. 5 Free Spins with an initial multiplier of 5x, increasing by 5x every spin. Free Spins Free Spins play out automatically. This feature includes a Multiplier Trail. The win multiplier increases with each consecutive spin after the first spin is complete. The win of each Free Spin is multiplied by the current active multiplier. The maximum Free Spins multiplier is 100x. 1 or more Scatters on all 5 reels retriggers the number of Free Spins initially selected. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. All ways played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Game Menu Menu button: Displays additional game options. Lobby button: Exits the game. Banking button: Displays the banking page. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Game Controls Credits: Displays the current balances. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. X button: Exits the game. Autoplay Settings Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. This feature is available in base game only. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Until Stop: Autoplay will continue until the Stop button is selected. Bet Settings Total Bet: Displays the total bet. Coin Size: Sets the coin value. Coins Bet: Sets the number of coins to bet. Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Max Bet button: Sets the current bet to the maximum value. Game Settings Quickspin: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Voice Overs: Enables voice over sounds. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. Last modification date: 3/30/2022