Candy Combo Power Combo About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. There are 5 reels, 5 rows in the Link&Win™ feature. A transaction is all payouts and games that may occur as a result of a bet. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Payline Rules This game includes 20 paylines. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. The number of paylines played is fixed. Only the highest win is paid per line. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the payline cost of 10. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the paylines played. Payout Rules Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins resulting from a spin. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Feature Symbols Connector, Collector and Jackpot symbols appear in base game only. These symbols do not have a payout. Wild Symbols Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Feature symbols. Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wild symbols appear in base game only. Link&Win™ Feature The feature can trigger upon collection of 1 or more Feature symbols. 3 free respins are awarded. All symbols swap out for blank symbols and symbol positions respin. Any symbols that land reset the remaining respins to 3. The feature includes Coin symbols and blank symbol positions only. Any wins are awarded at the end of the feature. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. The feature can be triggered during base game. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered the feature. Should a symbol win occur in conjunction with the trigger of this feature, the symbol win is awarded before the feature starts. When the Link&Win™ feature is triggered, the collection pot or pots associated with this trigger will reset upon return to base game. The Link&Win™ feature will trigger with 1, 2 or 3 active features. The feature ends when either no respins remain or when all symbol positions are filled. The Feature symbols collected during the Link&Win™ feature trigger will affect which features are active in that Link&Win™ feature session: If only 1 type of Feature symbol is collected, then only that feature will be active. If 2 types of Feature symbols are collected, then both features will be active. If 3 types of Feature symbols are collected, then all 3 features will be active. Connector feature: Cash Coins that land are held in place while all other symbol positions respin. Each Cash Coin displays a random cash value. The cash values displayed are multiplied by the total bet. Completing a horizontal, vertical or corner-to-corner diagonal set of 5 Cash Coins will activate the next multiplier. The activated multiplier will be applied to the 5 Cash Coin values in that set. Every additional completed set will increment the multiplier for that set. The multiplier increments are 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, 9x, 10x, 11x, 12x and 15x. If the Connector and Jackpot features are active simultaneously, any Jackpot Coins that land will not form part of a completed set. If the Connector and Collector features are active simultaneously, any Cash Collect Coins that land can form part of a completed set and be multiplied by the activated set multiplier. If 2 or more sets complete on the same spin, the relevant multiplier increments will be applied in the following predetermined order: First to any completed horizontal rows, beginning at the topmost row. Second to any completed vertical reels, beginning at the leftmost reel. Last to any completed diagonal sets, beginning top left. Collector feature: Cash Coins and Cash Collect Coins that land are held in place while all other symbol positions respin. Each Cash Coin displays a random cash value. The Cash Collect Coin collects the sum of any already landed Cash Collect Coins and Cash Coins into a total cash value for the current spin result. Up to 3 Cash Collect Coins can land. If the Collector and Jackpot features are active simultaneously, the GRAND, MAJOR, MINOR and MINI prizes cannot be collected by the Cash Collect Coin. If 2 or more Cash Collect Coins land on the same spin, they will collect in the following row and reel order: From top to bottom and then left to right, beginning at the topmost symbol position in reel 1 and ending at bottommost in reel 5. Jackpot feature: Cash Coins and MINI, MINOR, MAJOR and GRAND Jackpot Coins can land during this feature. Cash Coins that land are held in place while all other symbol positions respin. 4 Jackpot Coins, per jackpot, must land and be collected to trigger the relevant jackpot. Jackpot Coins will be removed from the reels during collection. The GRAND jackpot awards a 5 000x value. The MAJOR jackpot awards a 500x value. The MINOR jackpot awards a 50x value. The MINI jackpot awards a 15x value. Each jackpot can only trigger once per Link&Win™ feature session. Upsizer™ Feature This feature is offered upon entry into the Link&Win™ feature. This feature allows a more valuable Link&Win™ feature to be purchased before the feature begins. The Link&Win™ feature trigger result will affect what features are available for purchase. Any available Link&Win™ features are presented with their calculated purchase costs. Once a Link&Win™ feature is selected, a confirmation prompt will display with details of the purchase. Selecting the ‘✓’ button will complete the feature purchase. Selecting the ‘X’ button will close the feature. Selecting the 'START FEATURE' button will start the Link&Win™ feature. When the Upsizer™ feature is activated, any collection pots associated with the subsequent Link&Win™ feature will reset upon return to base game. Selecting the '?' button displays a dialog box with descriptions of the Link&Win™ features. The feature may be limited or made inaccessible while the bet exceeds a specified amount. The feature may not be available in all regions. Buy Feature Selecting the active Buy feature button will open the Buy feature. A cost dialog displays the calculated purchase costs. The Buy feature allows the purchase of immediate access to Link&Win™ feature with 1 of the 7 following active feature options: Collector feature, Connector feature or Jackpot feature for 30x bet. Jackpot and Connector features, Collector and Connector features or Jackpot and Collector features for 70x bet. Jackpot, Collector and Connector features for 150x bet. Updating the current bet amount will update the cost of the feature. Selecting the ‘✓’ button will complete the feature purchase. Selecting the ‘X’ button will close the feature. Bet changes are applied on confirmation of the Buy feature purchase. Activating the Buy feature will not reset any collection pots upon return to base game. The Buy feature is available in the base game only. The feature is played at the current bet. The feature may be limited or made inaccessible while the bet exceeds a specified amount. The feature may not be available in all regions. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Balance: Displays the current balances. Win: Displays the most recent win. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Spin Settings button: Displays additional spin options. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Buy Feature button: Displays the option to purchase the Link&Win™ feature with 1 of 7 active feature options. Game Menu Menu button: Displays additional game options. Close button: Closes the game menu. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Banking button: Displays the banking page. Home button: Exits the game. Game Settings Quickspin: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Bet Settings Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Autoplay Settings Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Bet: Sets the current bet value. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. This feature is available in the base game only. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of additional game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to accept the offer and begin playing. Only one offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the offer. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired, the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. The game displays the bet information and offer expiry date and time. This feature is only available in selected games. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Return to player for this game is 94.2% Last modification date: 2/3/2026