Amazon Lost Gold About this Game This is a 5 reel 5 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. This game includes 3125 ways. Rolling Reels™ Feature The feature is active during the base game and Free Spins. This feature triggers after any win. All winning symbols are removed from the reels and any remaining symbols drop down. New symbols then move on to the reels from above to fill the empty spaces. If new winning combinations are formed, the feature triggers again. The feature continues until no winning combinations are present on the reels. This feature includes a Multiplier Trail in Free Spins only. The Multiplier Trail is a range of potential win multipliers. The range of potential win multipliers is unlimited. The win multipliers start at 1x. The win multiplier increases in increments of either 1, 2 or 3 on every consecutive Rolling Reels™ trigger in Free Spins. The Multiplier Trail does not reset for the duration of Free Spins. Scatters are not removed from the reels during Rolling Reels™. Echo Roll™ Feature The feature can trigger during the base game and Free Spins. Echo Roll™ will randomly award an additional symbol win after any preceding win. Echo Roll™ fills all empty positions on the reels with a randomly selected symbol to award a guaranteed win. Echo Roll™ does not award Scatter symbols. An Echo Roll™ modifier can be won by spinning the Bonus Wheel before Free Spins begins. Echo Roll™ modifiers may be purchased in the Upsizer Feature. Echo Roll™ modifiers are removed when Free Spins ends. Bonus Wheel The Bonus Wheel is presented and must be spun before Free Spins can begin. The wheel can be spun once per trigger. The wheel is spun at no cost. The wheel is spun by interacting with it. When the wheel comes to a stop the winning segment will award a Free Spins Feature Modifier prize. The Feature Modifier prizes that can be won are: 2 additional starting Free Spins. 4 additional starting Free Spins. The Free Spins Multiplier Trail increases in increments of 2. The Free Spins Multiplier Trail increases in increments of 3. Modify Echo Roll™ so that it does not award Low symbols. Modify Echo Roll™ so that it only awards Wild symbols. 2 additional starting Free Spins and the Free Spins Multiplier Trail increases in increments of 2. 2 additional starting Free Spins and Low symbols are removed from Echo Roll™. The Free Spins Multiplier Trail increases in increments of 2 and Low symbols are removed from Echo Roll™. 4 additional starting Free Spins, the Free Spins Multiplier Trail increases in increments of 3, and Echo Roll™ will only award Wild symbols. Selecting the '?' button displays a dialog box with descriptions of the Feature Modifiers. Feature Modifiers are reset once Free Spins has ended. Upsizer Feature The feature may not be available in all regions. This feature is offered after the Bonus Wheel. This feature allows additional Feature Modifiers to be purchased before Free Spins begins. Feature Modifiers won in the Bonus Wheel affect what Feature Modifiers are available for purchase. Any available Feature Modifiers are presented with their calculated purchase costs. Once a modifier is selected, a confirmation prompt will display with details of the purchase. Selecting the 'Start Free Spins' button will start the Free Spins feature. The feature may be limited or made inaccessible while your bet exceeds a specified amount. The maximum number of additional starting Free Spins won as a result of the Bonus Wheel and Upsizer is 4. All Feature Modifiers include: 2 additional starting Free Spins. 4 additional starting Free Spins. The Free Spins Multiplier Trail increases in increments of 2. The Free Spins Multiplier Trail increases in increments of 3. Modify Echo Roll™ so that it does not award Low symbols. Modify Echo Roll™ so that it only awards Wild symbols. Selecting the '?' button displays a dialog box with descriptions of the Feature Modifiers. Feature Modifiers are reset once Free Spins has ended. Free Spins In the base game 3 Scatter symbols on the reels will trigger the Bonus Wheel and 8 Free Spins. In the base game any Scatter symbols that are additional to the 3 triggering Scatters will each add 2 Free Spins to the initial 8 Free Spins triggered. The number of triggering Scatters is evaluated at the end of any Rolling Reels™ rolls. The Free Spins win multiplier will increase after every win. The Free Spins win multiplier is cumulative and does not reset until the end of the feature. The Free Spins win multiplier can increase in increments of either 1, 2, or 3 for the duration of the feature. Each Scatter that lands awards an extra Free Spin. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. All ways played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Free Spins play out automatically. Free Spins cannot be retriggered. Total winnings per transaction is limited to 5000x base bet. A transaction is all payouts and games that may occur as a result of a bet. If the transaction win limit is reached the win will be awarded and any remaining win amounts, rolling reels, or free spins are forfeited. Free Spins will end once the final win amount is awarded. Buy Feature Tapping the active Buy Bonus button will open the Buy feature. The Buy feature allows you to purchase immediate access to the Bonus Wheel with 8 starting free spins, and the subsequent Free Spins feature. The calculated purchase cost is displayed above the '✓' and 'X' buttons. Tapping '✓' will confirm your choice to buy the Bonus Wheel and the subsequent Free Spins feature. Tapping the 'X' button will close the Buy feature. This feature is available in base game only. The feature may be limited or made inaccessible while your bet exceeds a specified amount. The feature may not be available in all regions. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the current total bet pided by the way cost of 30. Way Rules This game includes 3125 ways. A way is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other in this pattern. Way wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Payout Rules Way win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The total payout is the sum of all way wins and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. If multiple winning combinations land on a single way, only the highest win is awarded. Autoplay This feature is available in base game only. Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Selecting an autoplay option button will set the number of spins and start Autoplay AutoPlay plays with the last bet value you selected, so you must select a bet amount before starting AutoPlay. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Autoplay Options AutoPlay options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. Number of spins: Set the number of spins you want to play. Bet settings: Set the bet amount you want to play. Until stop: Set the session to play until you select to stop. This does not influence the results of the spin. Stop if a win exceeds or equals: Stop the session if the win exceeds or equals the amount selected. Win Limit or If win at least: Stop the session if the win exceeds or equals the amount selected. Loss Limit or If amount drops by: Stop the session if your balance decreases and drops below or equals the amount selected. Stop once all spins are complete: Stop after playing the number of spins selected. Stop on any win: Stop the session if you win on a spin. Stop if credits increase by: Stop the session if your balance increases and exceeds or equals the amount selected. Stop if credits decrease by: Stop the session if your balance decreases and drops below or equals the amount selected. Stop on a feature: Stops if Free Spins or another bonus feature is activated. Bet Settings Quick Bet: Displays a range of quick betting options to select your total bet amount. Advanced: (+) or (-) Selects the total amount you want to bet. Max Bet: Available in both Quick Bet and Advanced modes, places the maximum bet permitted. Bet options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. Game Settings Sounds: Enables game sounds. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. This feature is only available in selected games. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. The Return to Player is defined at different stages or modes of the game. Values are calculated initially by piding the total possible payouts by the total possible outcomes that are available within the game. Values reflect the maximum expected return and do not change. RTP: 94.22%. Upsizer RTP: 94.25%. Buy Feature RTP: 94.25%. The probability of triggering certain game events may change during gameplay depending on the current game state or progress. Last modification date: 6/27/2023