Basketball Star About Basketball Star Basketball Star is a five reel, 243 pay way slot machine, including: Regular symbols Wild symbol Scatter symbol Rolling Reels™ feature Free Spins bonus game Wild Shot feature Paytable Achievements feature This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Regular symbols Matching symbols must be next to each other on an enabled pay way. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, starting from the first slot reel. Regular payouts depend on the total bet per spin. General All 243 pay ways are permanently enabled. The bet size is the total number of credits bet per spin. A bet multiplier of 50 applies per spin. For example, 0.10 credits x 50 bet multiplier = 5.00 total credits bet per spin. All paytables display the number of credits that are won for each combination. Only one regular winning combination is paid out per pay way and you are paid out the value of the highest win. Only one scatter winning combination is paid out per spin and you are paid out the value of the highest win. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. If you have a winning combination, the win is highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. Wild symbol This symbol does not substitute for the scatter symbol. This symbol creates a symbol stack. Scatter symbol This symbol does not need to appear on an enabled pay way to win. This symbol cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. This symbol does not contribute to the Rolling Reels™ feature during the regular game. This symbol contributes to the Rolling Reels™ feature during the Free Spins bonus game. Scatter payouts depend on your total bet. Rolling Reels™ feature Any win activates the Rolling Reels™ feature, except for scatter symbol winning combinations. Winning symbol combinations are removed from the reels after you are paid out. If a winning combination results from the shifting symbols, you are paid out again. The symbols above the removed symbols shift position to fill the empty spaces. This process repeats itself, increasing your chances of winning without betting on another spin. Winnings are automatically collected during the feature. Free Spins bonus game Rolling Reels™ are available during the free spins. You are awarded a multiplier value for each rolling reel. If a winning combination results from the shifting symbols, you are paid out again. The symbols above the removed symbols shift position to fill the empty spaces. The last bet you placed in the game is used as the free spins bet amount. Free spins cannot be re-activated. Winnings are automatically collected during the free spins. Wild Shot feature This feature only activates if the wild reels can complete a win. Up to 2 reels are transformed into a wild reel. Rolling Reels™ are available in this feature. Winnings are automatically collected during the feature. Paytable Achievements feature Tracks your win status by highlighting symbol combinations you have won. When you win all combinations for the same symbol it is highlighted. Achievements are permanently highlighted on the payout table, even after you exit the game. Regular game wins are logged as achievements. Wild symbol substitute wins are not logged as achievements. AutoPlay AutoPlay enables you to automatically play a set number of consecutive games without interacting with the game. AutoPlay plays with the last bet value you selected, so you must select a bet amount before starting AutoPlay. Each game has different options and AutoPlay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. The number of spins remaining in your AutoPlay session is displayed in the game. In some games AutoPlay is available in Expert mode only. To start AutoPlay: If the game has Expert mode, select Expert . Select a bet amount. Select and hold Spin or select AutoPlay . In some games this starts the session and it continues until you select Stop . Select your AutoPlay options. Select Start AutoPlay , Start , Play or Spin . Select Stop to end AutoPlay. Selecting this button does not influence the results of the spin. AutoPlay Options AutoPlay options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. Number of spins Set the number of spins you want to play. Number of seconds between spins Set the delay between AutoPlay spins. Bet settings Set the bet amount you want to play. Until stop Set the session to play until you select to stop. This does not influence the results of the spin. Stop if a win exceeds or equals Stop the session if the win exceeds or equals the amount selected. Win Limit or If win at least Stop the session if the win exceeds or equals the amount selected. Loss Limit or If amount drops by Stop the session if your balance decreases and drops below or equals the amount selected. Stop once all spins are complete Stop after playing the number of spins selected. Stop when jackpot is won Stop spins if the Jackpot is won. Stop on any win Stop the session if you win on a spin. Stop if credits increase by Stop the session if your balance increases and exceeds or equals the amount selected. Stop if credits decrease by Stop the session if your balance decreases and drops below or equals the amount selected. Stop on a feature Stops if Free Spins or another bonus feature is activated. Start AutoPlay without showing this dialog Start future sessions without viewing the AutoPlay settings, using your saved settings or the default settings. Change my bet amount The Bet button displays your bet options. Bet Options Bet options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. Max Bet Places the maximum bet permitted. Bet Size Places the total bet amount you want to bet per spin. Quick Bet Displays a range of quick betting options to select your total bet amount. Game Controls Options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. Balance box Displays your casino balances. Win box Displays your most recent wins. Bet box Displays your total bet amount per spin. Bet button Displays your bet options. Spin button Starts the game. Depending on your game, pressing the space bar or enter key may also start the game. Stop button Displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Depending on your game, pressing the space bar or enter key may also stop the game. Quick spin button Increases the game play to display your results quicker. AutoPlay button Displays your AutoPlay options. AutoPlay Stop button Displays the number of spins remaining and can stop the session. This does not influence the results of the spin. Menu button Displays the game settings and game paytable. View pay tables or rules If the game rules or pay table are not displayed on the main game screen, there are different options you can use to view the details. Depending on the game you are playing, you can either: Select right arrow to view details. Select Menu and select Paytables to view details. Change settings Select left arrow to Settings . Change the relevant settings. Select right arrow to the game. Go to the lobby Depending on the game you are playing, there are different ways to go to the lobby. You can either: Select left arrow to Settings and select Back to Lobby . Or slide down to go to the lobby. Select Home to go the lobby. Mute sounds Depending on the game you are playing, there are different ways to mute sounds. You can either: Slide right to settings or go to game settings to turn sounds on or off. Spin and Stop in slots Select Spin to start the game. The Spin becomes a Stop . Select Stop to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The theoretical return to player (RTP) is 96.45% Last modification date: 11/24/2020