Atlantis Power Combo About this Game This is a 5 reel 4 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the current total bet pided by the payline cost of 20. Payline Rules This game includes 40 paylines, except when the Red Scatter Free Spins feature is active. When the Red Scatter Free Spins feature is active, 100 paylines are included. The number of paylines played cannot be adjusted. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Payout Rules Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins resulting from a spin. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The win over value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. Wild Symbols Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wilds can substitute for all symbols except Scatters and Coin symbols. Wild symbols appear on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. Wild symbols do not have a payout. Scatter Symbols The game has 3 different coloured Scatter symbols: red, yellow and green. This symbol does not have a payout. Scatter symbols are not present during Free Spins containing the Bonus Prize Collection feature. The graphical collection of Scatter symbols in this game is purely for visual entertainment and as such does not influence triggering the features. Free Spins Each Scatter symbol can trigger its inpidual Free Spins feature. Different coloured Scatter symbols on the same spin can trigger Free Spins with combined features. Free Spins play out automatically. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Free Spins with Nudging Wilds The Red Scatter can trigger Free Spins with the Nudging Wilds feature. 5 Free Spins are awarded. This feature includes 100 paylines. There are 5 reels, 6 rows in this feature. During this feature, Wild symbols appear in stacks of at least 6 symbols. When at least 1 Wild symbol lands on a reel, the reel nudges to reveal a full reel of Wild symbols. Nudging in Free Spins happens before any payline wins are awarded. Landing the Red Scatter symbol during the feature, awards 1 or 2 additional Free Spins. When Yellow and/or Green Scatter symbol land, the current Free Spins feature can become Free Spins with combined features. Free Spins with Bonus Prize Collection The Yellow Scatter can trigger Free Spins with the Bonus Prize Collection feature. 10 Free Spins are awarded. When a Coin symbol lands on the reels, it reveals a letter or a cash prize. The cash prize can be 1x or 10x total bet. The Grand Bonus is awarded when red letters G, R, A, N and D are collected. The Major Bonus is awarded when green letters M, A, J, O and R are collected. The Minor Bonus is awarded when blue letters M, I, N, O and R are collected. The Mini Bonus is awarded when purple letters M, I, N and I are collected. The Grand Bonus awards 10,000x total bet. The Major Bonus awards 500x total bet. The Minor Bonus awards 50x total bet. The Mini Bonus awards 25x total bet. Free Spins cannot be retriggered. When Free Spins are complete, the collected letters will be dismissed. This Free Spins feature cannot become Free Spins with combined features. All lines played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Free Spins with Up To 10x Line Win Multiplier The Green Scatter can trigger Free Spins with the Line Win Multiplier feature. 5 Free Spins are awarded. On each spin a payline win multiplier of 2x, 3x, 5x or 10x is randomly awarded. Landing the Green Scatter symbol during the feature, awards 1 or 2 additional Free Spins. When Yellow and/or Red Scatter symbol land, the current Free Spins feature can become Free Spins with combined features. All lines played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Free Spins with Combined Features When different coloured Scatter symbols land in the base game or during Free Spins, Free Spins with combined features can be triggered. When the combined features are triggered during active Free Spins session, Free Spins with combined features are started immediately. The remaining spins of the active Free Spins are disregarded and set to the amount that the combined features can award. The Red Scatter symbol and the Green Scatter symbol can trigger 5 Free Spins with the Nudging Wilds and the Line Win Multiplier features. The Red Scatter symbol and the Yellow Scatter symbol can trigger 10 Free Spins with the Nudging Wilds and the Bonus Prize Collection features. The Green Scatter symbol and the Yellow Scatter symbol can trigger 10 Free Spins with the Line Win Multiplier and the Bonus Prize Collection features. The Red, Green and Yellow Scatter symbols together can trigger 10 Free Spins with Trident All features, where the Nudging Wilds, the Bonus Prize Collection and the Line Win Multiplier features are all active. Buy Feature This feature is available in base game only. Activating this feature will instantly trigger the Free Spins feature. The price is calculated based on the amount of features selected (1, 2 or 3). 20x current bet triggers Free Spins with the Nudging Wilds feature. 20x current bet triggers Free Spins with the Line Win Multiplier feature. 45x current bet triggers Free Spins with the Bonus Prize Collection feature 55x current bet triggers Free Spins with the Nudging Wilds and the Line Win Multiplier features. 65x current bet triggers Free Spins with the Nudging Wilds and the Bonus Prize Collection features. 65x current bet triggers Free Spins with the Line Win Multiplier and the Bonus Prize Collection features. 110x current bet triggers Free Spins with the Trident All feature, where the Nudging Wilds, the Bonus Prize Collection and the Line Win Multiplier features are all active. The feature is played at the current bet. This feature is not available above a certain bet threshold. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Translation of Game Terms GRAND, Grand Bonus - Grand Bonus. MAJOR, Major Bonus - Major Bonus. MINOR, Minor Bonus - Minor Bonus. MINI, Mini Bonus - Mini Bonus. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Turbospin button: Enables Turbospin to resolve spins faster than Quick Spin. This does not influence the results of the Spin. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Bet controls: Increase or decrease the bet with the plus and minus symbols. Max Bet button: Sets the current bet to the maximum value. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Credits: Displays the current balances. Game Menu Menu button: Displays additional game options. Home button: Exits the game. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Banking button: Displays the banking page. Settings button: Displays the game settings including sound, spin speed and big win options. Discard button: Allows the player to discard a free game offer from the base game, if any. Game Settings Some settings and features may not be available in this game. All Sounds: Enable all game sounds. Music: Sets the game music volume. Sound FX: Sets the game Sound FX volume. Turbo Spin: Enables Turbospin to resolve spins faster than Quick Spin. This does not influence the result of the spin. Show Big Wins: Toggles big win animations on and off. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. This feature is available in base game only. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Number of Auto Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Stop on Big Win: Autoplay will stop on big win. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. In quick and turbo spin (where available), spins play out automatically at the increased speed selected. Start Autoplay: Starts the Autoplay session. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Values are calculated initially by piding the total payouts by the total bets from a simulation of numerous game rounds. Values reflect the maximum expected return and do not change. RTP: 94.25%. RTP with Buy Feature: 94.25% Last modification date: 8/3/2023