Tiki Tiki Boom About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Payline Rules The number of paylines played is fixed. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. This game includes 20 paylines. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. Payout Rules The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins resulting from a spin. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. The win over value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. Wild Symbols Wild symbols appear in base game only. The Wild symbol can substitute for all symbols except the Scatter symbols. Scatter Symbols The Bonus symbol is a scatter symbol. Scatters appear on reels 1, 3 and 5. This symbol appears in base game only. Scatter symbols cannot be substituted by the Wild symbols. This symbol does not have a payout. Wild Boom Mini barrel tokens can spin in on the reels. The barrel tokens collect into the Wild Barrel. The Wild Barrel can randomly explode after a spin and place up to 15 Wild symbols on the reels. This feature is available in base game only. Feature Upgrade Land 2 Scatters on reels 1 and 3 to add a token to the Feature Upgrade meter. Collect 10 tokens to fill a section in the meter and unlock a row in the Tiki Tiki Spins feature. Collect 40 tokens to unlock all the rows in the Tiki Tiki spins feature. The meter resets after the collected tokens are used in the Tiki Tiki Spins feature. The meter progress is saved per bet. Tiki Tiki Spins Land 3 Scatters to trigger the Tiki Tiki Spins feature. Tiki Tiki Spins is a Link ™ feature. Tiki Tiki Spins begins with 3 respins and any unlocked rows. Tiki Tiki Spins have special reels with coins, blanks and feature modifier symbols only. Each blank position spins individually. If any coin or feature modifier symbol lands, the number of respins resets to 3. Coin symbols that land are held on the reels. Silver coins have a multiplier value of up to 7x bet. Gold coins have a multiplier value of over 7x bet. Silver coins can be upgraded to gold coins by feature modifiers. The following 7 feature modifier symbols are available during the feature. Collector symbol collects and combines all landed coins into 1 coin. Adder symbol lands with a multiplier value of 1x, 2x, 5x, 10x or 20x bet. Adder symbol adds its value to all coins on the reels and lasts for one spin. Persistent Adder is the same as the Adder symbol but lasts for all subsequent spins. Splitter symbol splits random coins into double or quad coins. Doubler symbol doubles the value of random coins. Key symbol removes one padlock from the locked rows. Tiki bomb symbol blows away all remaining padlocks to unlock all the rows. Tiki bomb also adds a random number of coins on the reels. Tiki Tiki Spins end when no respins remain or when all the reels are filled. Filling all reels with coin symbols adds 2 000x bet to the total wins. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Upsizer™ Some settings and features may not be available in this game. When Tiki Tiki Spins is triggered, choose to activate the Upsizer™ feature. Upsizer™ offers a guaranteed feature modifier for a calculated cost. The Upsizer™ options available are below. Purchase the No 1x Coin option to eliminate 1x coins landing during the feature. Purchase the Splitter to guarantee this modifier lands 3 times during the feature. Purchase the Tiki Bomb to guarantee this modifier lands during the feature. Purchase the Persistent Adder to guarantee this modifier lands during the feature. Pressing Upsizer™ Max will select all the Upsizer™ options available. Upsizer™ or some Upsizer™ options may not be available above a certain bet threshold. Gamble Bonus Feature Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Gamble for a chance to trigger the Tiki Tiki Spins feature. Increase or decrease your chances of a gamble win. A successful gamble triggers the Tiki Tiki Spins feature. Press the Close button to return to the base game. The Tiki Tiki Spins feature is played at the current bet. This feature is available in base game only. Buy Feature Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Press BUY to activate the Buy feature. Activating this feature will instantly trigger the Tiki Tiki Spins feature. Press the Close button to return to the base game. Tiki Tiki spins is purchased at the price displayed at current bet. The feature is played at the current bet. This feature is available in base game only. Autoplay Some settings and features may not be available in this game. This feature is available in base game only. Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Spins are played at the current selected bet. Game Controls Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Plus button: Increases the bet value. Minus button: Decreases the bet value. Buy Feature button: Displays the option to purchase the Tiki Tiki Spins feature. Gamble Feature button: Displays the option to gamble for the Tiki Tiki Spins feature. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Total Win: Displays the most recent total win. Balance: Displays the current balances. Game Menu Close button: Closes the game menu. Banking button: Displays the banking page. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Help button: Displays help and additional information. Home button: Exits the game. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Depending on the game you are playing, the RTP value may be defined as a single value or defined by the different stages or modes of the game. Values are calculated initially by dividing the total payouts by the total bets from a simulation of numerous game rounds. Values reflect the maximum expected return and do not change. RTP: 94.08%. RTP with Upsizer™ enabled: 94.05%. RTP with Buy Feature: 94.19%. RTP with Buy Feature and Upsizer™: 94.03%. RTP with Gamble Feature: 94.19%. The probability of triggering certain game events may change during gameplay depending on the current game state or progress. Last modification date: 8/31/2023