Bells of Fire About this Game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. This is a 3 reel 3 row video slot game. All symbols, including Scatters, appear stacked. This game is played with credits only. Payline Rules This game includes 5 paylines. The number of paylines played is fixed. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. Payout Rules Wins are multiplied by the total bet. Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Coinciding wins on different paylines are added to the win. Wild Symbols Wild symbols appear on all reels in the base game and Fire Respin. Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Scatter symbols. Epic Strike™ Feature Landing 3 or more Scatter symbols during the base game triggers Epic Strike™. The feature payout depends on the number of Scatters landed after the spin or respin. Payouts are awarded according to a separate paytable for 3 to 9 Scatter symbols. Scatter prizes are 2x, 3x, 5x, 10x, 20x, 50x, or 200x bet. The total win from the feature consists of Scatter payouts only if 3 to 8 Scatters land. If 9 Scatter symbols land, the payout is calculated as 200x the total bet, multiplied by the Wheel of Fortune multiplier. Fire Respin Feature Landing the same symbol fully stacked on 2 reels triggers a Fire Respin. This feature is only available in the base game and activates when no winning paylines are formed on the triggering spin. Any line wins or Scatter wins are paid out after the respin, if any. If the respin results in 5 line wins or 9 Scatters, the Wheel of Fortune is awarded before the payout. The respin is free to the player. Wheel of Fortune Feature Winning on all 5 paylines or filling all reel positions with Scatter symbols activates the Wheel of Fortune. The wheel awards a random multiplier: 2x, 3x, 5x, or 10x. The feature payout is the line win or Scatter prize multiplied by the multiplier from the wheel. Bells of Fire Feature Any non-winning base game spin with 1 or 2 Scatter symbols may trigger Bells of Fire. This feature awards 1 respin with sticky Scatter symbols. The respin will always result in at least one additional Scatter symbol. Possible prizes are the same as the Scatter payouts: 2x, 3x, 5x, 10x, 20x, 50x, or 200x bet. The total win from the feature consists of Scatter payouts only if 3 to 8 Scatters land. If 9 Scatter symbols land, the payout is calculated as 200x the total bet, multiplied by the Wheel of Fortune multiplier. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Bet: Set the current bet value. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Aborting Autoplay or stopping the reels during Autoplay will not affect the outcome of the game. Autoplay will automatically stop if a Bonus or Free Spin feature is triggered. This feature is available in the base game only. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Bet Increase button: Increases the current bet. Bet Decrease button: Decreases the current bet. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Defaultspin button: Enables Defaultspin to resolve spins at default speed. This does not influence the results of the spin. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Turbospin button: Enables Turbospin to resolve spins even faster than Quickspin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Music: Enables game music. Balance: Displays the current balances. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. A click or tap on the reels stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Skip: Pressing the button makes the game run faster without speeding up regulated spin delays. This does not influence the results of the spin. Game Menu Back to Lobby: Exits the game. Paytable button: Displays payout tables. Help button: Displays help and additional information. Bet Settings Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Game Terminology EPIC STRIKE™ = EPIC STRIKE FIRE RESPIN = FIRE RESPIN WHEEL OF FORTUNE = WHEEL OF FORTUNE BELLS OF FIRE = BELLS OF FIRE WILD = WILD SCATTER = SCATTER BIG WIN = BIG WIN MEGA WIN = MEGA WIN EPIC WIN = EPIC WIN UNREAL = UNREAL START = START SPIN = SPIN STOP = STOP Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Start to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Use Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select No Thanks to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. This feature is only available in selected games. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Spacebar: Pressing this keyboard button will start or stop a reel spin. Spacebar: Holding down this keyboard button will start a quickspin. Enter: Pressing this keyboard button will start or stop a reel spin. Enter: Holding down this keyboard button will start a quickspin. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Return to player for this game is 94.6% Last modification date: 2/17/2026