Rabbit in the Hat - Tap n Cash About this Game The aim of the game is for the rabbit to award prizes. The game consists of 17 cash prizes and 1 bonus prize. Up to 10 prizes are randomly awarded. You cannot be awarded the same prize twice in one game. Playing the Game Confirm your bet before starting each game. The prizes displayed are based on your current bet amount. If you have a successful round, the prize is highlighted. If you do not have a successful round, the game is over and you can play again. Bonus Feature When the Bonus is awarded during the base game, you get a free spin of the wheel. You are randomly awarded 6, 8, 10, or 12 free plays. You are randomly awarded a 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x or 10x multiplier. Free plays do not require an additional bet. During this feature all the prizes are cash prizes. All cash prizes displayed are multiplied by the multiplier you received. Free plays awarded play out automatically. Free Plays cannot be re-triggered. The last bet you placed in the game is used as the feature bet amount. Wins awarded during this feature are added to base game wins. You will return to the base game at the end of this feature. Autoplay Autoplay enables you to automatically play a set number of consecutive games without interacting with the game. Autoplay plays with the last bet value you selected, so you must select a bet amount before starting Autoplay. You can select the number of rounds you want to play. The number of rounds remaining in your Autoplay session is displayed in the game. You can choose to stop Autoplay at any time during the session. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Some of these options may not be available in the game you are playing. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Change my Bet Amount Options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. Bet button: Displays your bet options. Quick bet: Displays a range of quick betting options to select your total bet amount. Max bet: Places the maximum bet permitted. Bet slider: Sets the current bet to the selected bet value. Game Controls Options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. Balance box: Displays your balances. Win box: Displays your most recent wins. Bet box: Displays your current bet value. Bet button: Displays your bet options. Play button: Starts your game. Autoplay button: Displays the Autoplay options. Autoplay Stop button: Displays the number of rounds remaining and can stop the session. This does not influence the results of the round. Menu button: Displays the game settings and game paytable. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of additional game rounds awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to accept the offer and begin playing. Only one offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the offer. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired, the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. RTP: 96.14% Last modification date: 12/18/2025