Twofold the Gold About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed on each payline played. The initial bet is th current total bet divided by the number of paylines played. Payline Rules This game includes 25 paylines. The number of paylines played is fixed. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Payline wins are awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payout Rules The payout value is based on the winning combination formed Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. Wild Symbols Wild symbols appear on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Scatters, Mushroom symbol, Wheel Bonus Boosters, Trigger symbols, and Prize symbols. Lucky Levels Lucky Level 1 20 base game spins will activate Lucky Level 1. A Magic Hat can now randomly appear and add Wilds or Prize symbols to the reels 2 - 4. Lucky Level 2 50 base game spins will activate Lucky Level 2. 5 Wheel Bonus Boosters will be added to the reels. Landing Wheel Bonus Boosters will increase the Wheel Bonus prizes. Lucky Level 3 100 base game spins will activate Lucky Level 3. Trigger symbol will be added to reel 1. Reel 1 Free Spin Multiplier will be activated on top of reel 1. Lucky Level 4 200 base game spins will activate Lucky Level 4. A Minimum Win from 20x - 200x the total bet will now be guaranteed for all Free Spins features. Express Collect Land at least one Trigger symbol on reel 1 (if Lucky Level 3 has been activated) or reel 5 and Express Collect™ Prize symbols on the other reels to trigger the Express Collect™ feature. The feature awards the total of all displayed prize values per Trigger symbol that has landed. Prize values are credit values that range from 0.8x – 200x bet. Wheel Bonus Any Prize symbols appearing on screen without a Trigger symbol may randomly trigger the Wheel Bonus. Spin the wheel to award the Wheel Bonus. The wheel has the following initial prize values: Mega – 1250x bet Major – 200x bet Minor – 50x bet Maxi – 10x bet Mini – 5x bet Wheel Bonus can only be triggered in the base game. Wheel Bonus Boosters Wheel Bonus Boosters are activated from Lucky Level 2. Wheel Bonus Boosters include Mega Booster, Major Booster, Minor Booster, Maxi Booster, and Mini Booster. Wheel Bonus Boosters can randomly appear on any one of other symbols except Scatters, Prize symbols, Mushroom symbol, and Trigger symbols in base game. Land a Mega Booster in base game to double the Mega prize. Maximum Mega prize is 5000x. Land a Major Booster in base game to double the Major prize. Maximum Major prize is 800x. Land a Minor Booster in base game to double the Minor prize. Maximum Minor prize is 200x. Land a Maxi Booster in base game to double the Maxi prize. Maximum Maxi prize is 80x. Land a Mini Booster in base game to double the Mini prize. Maximum Mini prize is 40x. The boosted Wheel Bonus prizes are stored per bet. When Wheel Bonus is triggered, the wheel will have the boosted Wheel Bonus prize wedges as displayed. At the completion of the Wheel Bonus feature, all Wheel Bonus prizes will reset to the initial prize values. Free Spins Land 3 Scatters to trigger 10 Free Spins. Scatters appear on reels 2, 3, and 4. Land 3 Scatters during the feature to retrigger 10 Free Spins. All bets and lines played are the same as the spin that triggered the feature. Free Spin Multipliers are used during the Free Spins. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Free Spin Multipliers The Free Spin Multiplier meter is initially activated on top of reel 5. From Lucky Level 3 the Free Spin Multiplier meter is also activated on top of reel 1. Free Spin Multipliers are displayed in the Free Spin Multiplier meters respectively on top of reel 5 and reel 1 once activated. The multipliers can increase in the base game. The multipliers apply to Express Collect™ features in Free Spins. The multiplier on reel 1 applies to Express Collect™ features with the Trigger symbol appearing on reel 1. The multiplier on reel 5 applies to Express Collect™ features with the Trigger symbol appearing on reel 5. Mushroom Symbol The Mushroom symbol can randomly appear on any one of other symbols except Scatters, Prize symbols, Wheel Bonus Boosters, and Trigger symbols in base game. Each Mushroom symbol appearing will increase the Free Spin Multiplier on reel 5 by 0.5x before the Free Spin Multiplier meter on reel 1 is activated. Once Free Spin Multiplier meter on reel 1 is activated, each Mushroom symbol appearing will randomly increase one of the multipliers on reel 1 and reel 5 by 0.5x. The maximum of any multiplier accumulated is 10x. At the completion of Free Spins, pick to reset the Free Spin Multipliers. Free Spin Minimum Win Minimum Win is activated from Lucky Level 4. The Minimum Win will increase by 5x, when any one of the Free Spin Multipliers increases. The Minimum Win starts at 20x and can increase in base game to a maximum of 200x. If the total win at end of the Free Spins feature, is less than the Free Spin Minimum Win, the total win will be increased to match the Free Spin Minimum Win value as displayed. At the completion of Free Spins, Minimum Win value will reset to 20x - 80x. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. This feature is available in base game only. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Fast Play button: Toggles to turn Fast Play on or off to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Game Control Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. A click or tap on the reels stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Spacebar: Pressing this keyboard button will start or stop a reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay start button: Starts Autoplay session. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Fast Play button: Toggles Fast Play on or off. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Bet Increase button: Increases the current bet. Bet Decrease button: Decreases the current bet. Media button: Display additional in-game media content. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Balance: Displays the current balances. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Game Menu Menu button: Displays additional game options. Lobby button: Exits the game. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Close button: Closes the game menu. Game Settings Sounds: Enables game sounds. Music: Enables game music. Sound Effects: Toggles the game's sound effects on or off. Intro Screen: Toggles the introductory screen on or off. Spacebar: Toggle to turn Push Spacebar To Spin on or off. Translation of Game Terms Big Win - Big Win Super Win - Super Win Ultra Win - Ultra Win Epic Win - Epic Win Mega - Mega Major - Major Minor - Minor Maxi - Maxi Mini - Mini Free Spin Multiplier - Free Spin Multiplier Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Last modification date: 3/13/2025