Goal Strike Rising Rewards About this Game This game includes 720 ways. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form winning combinations. The payout is dependent on the winning combinations formed. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Playing the Game The balance is displayed in currency and is available in the console bar. Select the spin button to spin the reels. Select the stop button to stop the current reel spin. This can also be done by selecting the reels. This does not influence the results of the spin. Once the reels stop, winning combinations are highlighted. The win amount is displayed in the win box. If there is no winning combination, the game is completed. Way Rules A way is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs across the reels. This game includes 720 ways Way wins run from left to right and right to left, starting from the first and last reel respectively. Ways wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier. The bet multiplier is the total bet divided by 10. Payout Rules The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The total payout is the sum of all way wins and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. If multiple winning combinations land on a single way, only the highest win is awarded. Rising Rewards™ Jackpot Feature Collecting Jackpot Trigger symbols grants a chance of triggering a spin of the Jackpot Wheel. Only the Jackpot Trigger symbols collected on the current spin provide a chance to trigger a jackpot. The Jackpot Wheel awards 1 of 5 guaranteed jackpots. The Jackpot Wheel consists of a wheel divided into coloured segments. Each segment is associated with a different jackpot. The landing wheel segment will award the associated jackpot. The graphical collection pot in the game is purely for visual entertainment and as such does not influence awarding a jackpot. Jackpots are displayed above each reel. Jackpot values scale with bet changes. Jackpot values are increased by 0.5X bet for each Jackpot Trigger symbol that lands on the associated reel. Once a jackpot has been awarded, that specific jackpot will reset to its starting value. The probability of triggering the Jackpot Wheel can change as the jackpot values change. This feature cannot trigger on a Free Spins trigger. This feature can be triggered in base game and Free Spins. The Paytable displays the starting value of each jackpot. Wild Symbols Wild symbols appear on reels 2, 3, and 4. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except the Free Spins Scatters and Jackpot Trigger symbols. Free Spins 1 or more Free Spins Scatters on every reel triggers the Free Spins feature. 4 Free Spins are awarded. Upon trigger, every Free Spins Scatter that landed awards either 1 additional Free Spin or increases the Free Spins Multiplier by 1X. The feature begins with a minimum of 6 Free Spins. Free Spins Scatters may appear stacked in the base game. The feature trigger awards 1X total bet. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per Free Spins Scatter combination. 1 or more Free Spins Scatters on every reel retriggers the Free Spins feature. The feature retrigger count is equal to the number of Free Spins when starting the feature. The feature retrigger awards 1X total bet multiplied by the Free Spins Multiplier. It is not possible to retrigger Free Spins or trigger the Jackpot Wheel on the last spin of Free Spins. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. All ways played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Rising Rewards™ Free Spins Multiplier The Free Spins Multiplier is displayed in the Free Spins Multiplier meter. The Free Spins Multiplier can increase in the base game and upon entering Free Spins. The Free Spins Multiplier cannot increase during the Free Spins feature. The Free Spins Multiplier applies to way wins and retrigger pays during Free Spins. The Free Spins Multiplier increases by 0.5X when Free Spins Scatters land on exactly 4 reels in the base game. The maximum Free Spins Multiplier accumulated during the base game is 10X. The maximum Free Spins Multiplier upon entering Free Spins is 15X. The Free Spins Multiplier resets to 1X after Free Spins are complete. Icons Autoplay Main Menu Return Decrement Increment Bet Quick Spin Mute / Unmute Responsible Gaming Player Protection Loyalty Game History Transaction History Banking Settings Paytable / Information Help Files Lobby Discard Some of these options may not be available in your location. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. A bet amount must be set before starting the Autoplay session, as Autoplay plays with the last bet value. Autoplay can be stopped at any time. This does not influence the results of the spin. Triggering any feature will stop Autoplay. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Bet Selection Each spin played costs a total bet amount. Select the bet on a mobile device by selecting Bet in the console bar or by selecting the Bet icon. Select the bet in desktop with the Increment and Decrement icons on the console bar. Also, select the bet from the Main Menu using the Bet icon, or by selecting the bet area. Max Bet: Places the maximum bet permitted. Quick bet: Displays a range of quick betting options to select your total bet amount. Settings The Settings panel provides access to multiple game settings. To access the Settings panel, open the Main Menu and select the Settings icon. Choose which settings to turn on or off. Quick Spin setting increases the speed of the slot reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. All Sounds setting controls all sounds, including game and background sounds. Game Sounds setting controls console and spin sounds, as well as sounds for winning combinations and sequences. (Only enabled if All Sounds is ON.) Background Music setting controls background music. (Only enabled if All Sounds is ON.) Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Last modification date: 11/13/2024