Aztec Falls About this Game l This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. l The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. l Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Bet Rules l Each spin played costs a total bet amount. Payout Rules l The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. l If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. l The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. l The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. l The total payout is the sum of all payline wins resulting from a spin. Wild Symbols l Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. l Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Bonus and Coin symbols. l Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. l This symbol appears in base game only. Sticky Wild Symbols l The Sticky Wild symbol is a stacked Wild that fills up the entire reel. l Sticky Wild symbols appear in Free Spins only. Coin Drop Bonus l The Coin symbol appears on reel 5 in the base game. l Land the Coin symbol to trigger the Coin Drop Bonus. l A Coin will drop down and land on a bonus slot, leaving a trail along the reels. l The bonus displayed where the Coin lands is awarded. l WILD: Symbols on the Coin trail are replaced with Wilds. l JACKPOT: Jackpot Wheel is triggered. l STACKED: Reels re-spin with stacked symbols. l MULTIPLIER: Current win is multiplied by 2x, 3x, 4x or 5x. l BLANK: No bonus is awarded. Cash Fall Bonus l The Cash Fall bonus can randomly trigger on base game spin. l Coins will fall into cash slots below the reels. l Each cash slot has a value of 0x, 0.5x, 1x, 2x, 5x, or 10x bet. l The feature ends when the last coin enters a slot. l The accumulated value of the cash slots is awarded, including any wins from the triggering spin. Free Spins l Bonus symbols are Scatter symbols. l Bonus symbols appear on reel 1, 3 and 5 only. l Bonus symbols appear in base game only. l 5 Free Spins are awarded. l Free Spins play out automatically. l Only the WILD bonus is available on the bonus slots during Free Spins. l If WILD is displayed on a bonus slot at the end of a spin, the Sticky Wild symbol fills the entire reel above the bonus slot. l Sticky Wilds are held until the end of Free Spins. l Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. l All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. l Free Spins cannot be retriggered. Jackpot Wheel Bonus l Land a Coin in the Jackpot bonus slot during the Coin Drop bonus to trigger the Jackpot Wheel. l 1 of 4 fixed Jackpots will be awarded. l Mega Jackpot awards 5000x bet. l Super Jackpot awards 1000x bet. l Minor Jackpot awards 200x bet. l Mini Jackpot awards 30x bet. Jackpot Gamble l The Jackpot Gamble is available after winning a Mini, Minor or Super Jackpot. l A winning gamble will award the next highest Jackpot prize. l Jackpots can be gambled until the Mega Jackpot is won. l If a Jackpot gamble is lost, a mystery cash prize is awarded and feature ends. l Wins from the triggering Coin Drop bonus will be added to the Jackpot win. l Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Game Controls l Spin button: Starts a reel spin. l Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. l Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. l Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. l Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. l Menu button: Displays additional game options. l Settings button: Displays the game settings. l Sounds: Enables game sounds. l Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. l Bet: Displays the current total bet. l Total Win: Displays the most recent total win. l Balance: Displays the current balances. l Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Game Menu l Game Rules button: Displays payout tables and game rules. l Banking button: Displays the banking page. l Home button: Exits the game. l Close button: Closes the game menu. Additional Information l In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. l The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. l The results of the last game played are displayed. l If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. l Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. l Gamble winnings are automatically collected on refresh. l If a Gamble feature is in progress, the game will refresh into the base game. l Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. l The win over value is achieved from the cumulative winnings of an entire Free Spins session. l Some settings and features may not be available in this game. l Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Return to Player l The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. l This game has an RTP of 96.08%. l This value is fixed and does not change. Translation of Game Terms l Mini - Mini. l Minor - Minor. l Super - Super. l Mega - Mega. Last modification date: 8/28/2023