God of Fire About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Way wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. In UltraWays™ symbols can be displayed as singles, doubles or quads. Double symbols double the win value. Quad symbols double the win value and extends the length of win by 1. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. Way Rules A way is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other in this pattern. Way wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. This game includes 60,000,000 ways. Payout Rules The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. If multiple winning combinations land on a single way, only the highest win is awarded. The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. The total payout is the sum of all way wins and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Blue Wild Symbols Each Blue Wild symbol explodes to reveal either single, double or quad Wilds or more Blue Wild symbols. Each Blue Wild symbol continues to explode until there are no more Blue Wild symbols available. Blue Wild symbols appear in base game, Free Spins and Super Free Spins. Wild Symbols Wild symbols can appear as a single, double or quad. Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a way combination. Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Bonus, Gain Life and Lose Life symbols. Wild symbols appear in base game, Free Spins and Super Free Spins. Bonus Symbols Bonus symbols are Scatter symbols. This symbol appears in base game only. The Bonus symbol can appear on any reel. The Bonus symbol can appear as a single, double or a quad. Gain Life Symbol Gain Life symbols appear in Free Spins and Super Free Spins only. Gain Life symbols appear on reel 5 only. Landing a Gain Life symbol will add 1 life to the lives available. Lose Life Symbol Lose Life symbols appear in Free Spins and Super Free Spins only. Lose Life symbols appear on reel 5 only. Landing a Lose Life symbol will remove 1 from the lives available. Free Spins 3, 4 or 5 Bonus symbols anywhere on the reels trigger this feature. 3 Bonus symbols will give you 3 lives in Free Spins. 4 Bonus symbols will give you 4 lives in Free Spins. 5 Bonus symbols will give you 5 lives in Free Spins. Once all lives are lost Free Spins will end and the player will return to the base game. The mini reel awards spin modifiers. A modifier will not be awarded every spin. The mini reel Mulitplier symbol will multiply your win. The mini reel Upgrade symbol will upgrade symbols to a better winning combination. The mini reel Wild symbol will place wilds on the main reel set. Free Spins play out automatically. At the end of each Free Spin, wins are calculated according to the UltraWays™ symbol pays. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Super Free Spins 2 Scatter symbols award 1 Super Free Spins token. Collect 60 Super Free Spins tokens to trigger Super Free Spins. Once all lives are lost Free Spins will end and the player will return to the base game. The mini reel awards spin modifiers. A modifier will be awarded every spin. The mini reel Mulitplier symbol will multiply your win. The mini reel Upgrade symbol will upgrade symbols to a better winning combination. The mini reel Wild symbol will place wilds on the main reel set. Super Free Spins play out automatically. All ways played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. At the end of each Super Free Spin, wins are calculated according to the UltraWays™ symbol pays. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Autoplay This feature is available in base game only. Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Spins are played at the current selected bet. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Play button: Continues the game. Fast Play Active Indicator: Indicates when Fast Play is active. Bet Increase button: Increases the current bet up to the next highest available bet. Bet Decrease button: Decreases the current bet down to the next lowest available bet. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay start button: Starts Autoplay session. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Game Menu button: Displays the game settings and game payout table. Game Menu System Menu button: Displays additional system options. Help button: Displays help and additional information. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Bet button: Displays the bet options. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Return to Game button: Closes the Game Menu and returns to the base game. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. The win up to win ways displayed in the game is a rounded off value, and an approximate value of the highest possible win ways for the game. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. This game has an RTP of 94.07%. This value is fixed and does not change. Last modification date: 9/1/2021