Fortunium Gold Mega Moolah About this Game This is a 5 reel 5 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. All regular symbols are stacked. Payline Rules This game includes 40 paylines. The number of paylines played is fixed. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the number of coins multiplied by the coin size. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the paylines played. Activating the Win Booster™ increases the total bet by 50%. Payout Rules Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed, excluding the Win Booster™. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. Scatter Symbol Scatters can create their own winning combination when landing anywhere on the reels. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total non-boosted bet. Wild Symbol Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Scatters and Jackpot Wilds. Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. Jackpot Wild Symbols can substitute for all symbols except Scatters. Jackpot Wilds pay as a Wild symbol. Progressive Jackpot Feature This feature is triggered when Mystery Symbols land on the reels and reveal a Jackpot Wild Symbol. Higher bets increase the chance of revealing a Jackpot Wild. This feature can be triggered in base game and Free Spins. This feature consists of a wheel divided into coloured segments. Each segment is associated with a different progressive jackpot. Four jackpot prizes are available. Depending on where the wheel stops, the respective progressive jackpot is won. The Mega progressive jackpot starts at 1,000,000.00 credits. The Major progressive jackpot starts at 10,000.00 credits. The Minor progressive jackpot starts at 100.00 credits. The Mini progressive jackpot starts at 10.00 credits. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Winnings are automatically collected during this feature. This feature and Free Spins cannot be triggered simultaneously. Progressive Jackpot Rules A progressive jackpot is a constantly accumulating prize funded by a percentage of player wagers. The current value of the progressive jackpot is displayed in the game. When the progressive jackpot is won, all players worldwide are notified and the jackpot resets to the starting value. The date of the most recently won Mega progressive jackpot is displayed in the game. The date of the most recently won Major progressive jackpot is displayed in the game. Progressive jackpots are only available to real players. All progressive winnings are subject to final confirmation by the casino and the software supplier. Their decision is final and no correspondence will be entered into. The casino has taken every possible precaution to ensure that the progressive value displayed in the game matches the value on the casino server. The progressive jackpot value on the server is used when the progressive jackpot is paid out. The casino management and software supplier have the right to change or amend any of these rules and regulations at their discretion. If the casino management and software supplier waiver any of these rules and regulations, this does not mean they will automatically be waived in the future. Mystery Symbol All Mystery Symbols open to reveal a randomly selected Low, High or Wild symbol. All instances of this symbol that land are transformed into the same random symbol. This symbol is stacked on the reels. This symbol appears in base game and Free Spins. Win Booster™ Rules You can choose to activate or deactivate the Win Booster™ in the base game. You can choose to boost your bet and improve your Mystery Symbols. Boosting increases the total bet. All Mystery Symbols open to reveal a randomly selected High or Wild symbol. Boosting does not affect symbol pays. Free Spins 3, 4 or 5 Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels trigger 10 Free Spins. This feature has up to 3 Mystery Reels™ on each spin. Mystery Reels™ are randomly placed on reels 2, 3 or 4. Mystery Reels™ only contain Mystery Symbols. Trigger Free Spins with 3, 4 or 5 Scatters for 1, 2 or 3 Mystery Reels™ respectively. The Win Booster™ state is the same as the triggering spin and cannot be changed during the feature. Each Scatter that lands awards an extra Free Spin. Free Spins play out automatically. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. All lines played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Game Menu Banking button: Displays the banking page. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Lobby button: Exits the game. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Game Controls Credits: Displays the casino balances. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. X button: Exits the game. Autoplay Settings Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. This feature is available in base game only. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Until Stop: Autoplay will continue until the Stop button is selected. Bet Settings Total Bet: Displays the total bet. Coin Size: Sets the coin value. Coins Per Line: Sets the number of coins to bet per line. Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Max Bet button: Sets the current bet to the maximum value. Game Settings Quickspin: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The casino balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last spin played are displayed. If a spin request does not reach the casino server before disconnection, the results of the previous spin played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. This value is fixed and does not change. This game has an RTP for different game modes. This game has an RTP of 87.37%. With Win Booster™ activated, RTP is 87.50% The progressive jackpot contribution is 5.30%. The maximum win from a single game is £18,000. Last modification date: 11/3/2020