Bingote Video Bingo - About ´üČ Bingote is a 90-ball bingo based game. ´üČ Bingote uses bingo tickets with fifteen numbers each for a total of sixty numbers in game. You can purchase up to four bingo tickets per game. ´üČ Thirty balls are initially drawn randomly from the sixty numbers in game. You can also buy up to twelve extra balls for an additional cost. ´üČ The goal of the game is to create as many winning patterns as possible in the enabled tickets, with the numbers drawn during the game. Video Bingo - General Rules ´üČ You can purchase up to four tickets per game. ´üČ Numbers in tickets and balls numbers goes from 1 to 90. ´üČ Thirty balls are randomly drawn per game. ´üČ You need to complete any of the patterns to win a prize. ´üČ After the thirty balls are drawn, the extra ball stage will be activated if any enabled tickets requires only one more number to complete a winning pattern related to a 6x prize or higher. ´üČ Extra balls are offered up to a maximum of twelve times before the game automatically ends. ´üČ Extra balls will be offered at an additional cost. The cost of an extra ball does not indicate a greater or lesser chance of winning. ´üČ Malfunctions void all plays and pays. ´üČ Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. Video Bingo - Betting and Payout Rules ´üČ The value of prizes won depends on the stake you select. ´üČ Winnings paid out on each ticket are dependent on the winning pattern completed on the ticket, once all the balls are drawn. ´üČ Multiple payouts are possible per ticket only if completely new winning patterns are created. If a winning pattern is created from an existing winning pattern, you are paid out for the new, more valuable pattern only. ´üČ Winnings will be collected and paid at the end of the round. ´üČ Total bet amount is the bet per ticket value selected multiplied by the number of tickets enabled. ´üČ All bets and payouts are in credits. ´üČ Malfunctions void all plays and pays. Video Bingo - Playing the Game ´üČ The goal of the game is to create as many winning patterns as possible in the enabled tickets, with the numbers drawn during the game. ´üČ Malfunctions void all plays and pays. Video Bingo - Playing the Game: Initial Draw ´üČ Click on Bet per Ticket to select the bet value. ´üČ When all thirty balls are drawn, the outcome is displayed on each enabled ticket. ´üČ All four tickets will be enabled by default. You can disable one to three tickets by clicking on the ÔÇťxÔÇŁ button on top right corner of each ticket. ´üČ Total bet amount is the bet per ticket value selected multiplied by the number of bingo tickets enabled. ´üČ You can change the numbers on each ticket individually by clicking directly on them. A new set of 15 numbers will be randomly displayed. There will be no repeated numbers between the enabled tickets. ´üČ You can choose between 4 different speeds available: Slow, Normal, Turbo and Instant Play (Normal will be selected by default). This does not influence the results of the draw. ´üČ Some settings and features may not be available in the game. ´üČ Click Play to start the game. Thirty balls are automatically drawn and marked off on each of your enabled tickets. ´üČ If you complete a winning pattern on any enabled ticket, you win the associated prize. ´üČ After the thirty balls draw, if you do not complete a winning pattern or no candidates of 6x prizes or higher are available, the game is over and you can play again. Video Bingo - Playing the Game: Extra Ball stage ´üČ After the thirty balls are drawn, the extra ball stage will be activated if any enabled ticket requires only one more number to complete a winning pattern related to a 6x prize or higher. ´üČ Extra balls are offered up to a maximum of twelve times before the game automatically ends. ´üČ Extra balls will be offered at an additional cost. The cost of an extra ball does not indicate a greater or lesser chance of winning. Video Bingo - Bingote Jackpots Feature ´üČ You need to enable the four tickets in a game to activate the Bingote Jackpots feature. ´üČ 4 jackpot prizes are available. ´üČ Bronze jackpot pays 60x. ´üČ Silver jackpot pays 160x. ´üČ Gold jackpot pays 1000x. ´üČ Bingote jackpot pays 5000x. ´üČ All balls may have golden shields inside. ´üČ Golden shields are collected in the Jackpots panel on top. ´üČ The total number of golden shields collected by the end of the round will indicate which Jackpot prize has been won. ´üČ 0 to 5 golden shields: None. ´üČ 6 golden shields: Bronze jackpot. ´üČ 7 golden shields: Silver jackpot. ´üČ 8 golden shields: Gold jackpot. ´üČ 9 golden shields: Bingote jackpot. Video Bingo - Armour Bonus Feature ´üČ The Bonus 3 pattern triggers this feature. ´üČ The bonus is a picker game with armour parts to select. ´üČ Armour parts can be selected to collect cash prizes until Collect sign is revealed. ´üČ There are 8 armour parts with prizes from 20x to 80x and 1 Collect sign ´üČ The game will award the Bonus prize collected and a Fixed prize associated to the winning pattern (400x). This Fixed prize, indicated in the prize table, is the only one that will be overridden if the player wins a Bingo prize in the same round and ticket. Video Bingo - Windmills Monsters Bonus Feature ´üČ The Bonus 2 pattern triggers this feature. ´üČ The bonus is a 5-level picker game with monsters to select. ´üČ One monster can be selected per level to collect cash prizes until Collect sign is revealed. ´üČ Level 1: Three monsters with prizes from 28x to 40x and 1 Collect sign. ´üČ Level 2: Three monsters with prizes from 48x to 60x and 1 Collect sign. ´üČ Level 3: Three monsters with prizes from 70x to 85x and 1 Collect sign. ´üČ Level 4: Three monsters with prizes from 100x to 130x and 1 Collect sign. ´üČ Level 5: Three monsters with prizes from 200x to 350x and 1 Collect sign. ´üČ An additional mystery prize from 28x to 350x may appear randomly at the end of the bonus. ´üČ The game will award the Bonus prize collected and a Fixed prize associated to the outline pattern (400x). This Fixed prize, indicated in the prize table, is the only one that will be overridden if the player wins a Bingo prize in the same round and ticket. Video Bingo - Diamantea's Castle Bonus ´üČ The Bonus 3 pattern triggers this feature. ´üČ The bonus is a 5-level picker game with windows to select. ´üČ One window can be selected per level to collect cash prizes until Collect sign is revealed. ´üČ Level 1: Four windows with prizes from 60x to 72x and no Collect sign. ´üČ Level 2: Four windows with prizes from 80x to 104x and 1 Collect sign. ´üČ Level 3: Four windows with prizes from 120x to 160x and 1 Collect sign. ´üČ Level 4: Four windows with prizes from 180x to 260x and 1 Collect sign. ´üČ Level 5: Four windows with prizes from 300x to 500x and 1 Collect sign. ´üČ Next Level signs may appear randomly on levels 2 to 4 giving access to the next level. ´üČ An additional mystery prize from 60x to 500x may appear randomly at the end of the bonus. ´üČ The game will award the Bonus prize collected and a Fixed prize associated to the outline pattern (550x). This Fixed prize, indicated in the prize table, is the only one that will be overridden if the player wins a Bingo prize in the same round and ticket. Video Bingo - Wild Ball ´üČ Wild Balls may appear randomly in the extra ball stage. ´üČ Wild Balls allow you to select any number on the enabled tickets. ´üČ In case of not selecting any number, the available candidate that awards the higher prize will be automatically chosen. Video Bingo - RTP ´üČ Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed, and does not change. ´üČ This game has an RTP for different game modes. ´üČ Overall RTP: 95,09%. ´üČ Initial Draw RTP: 80,00%. ´üČ Extra Ball Stage RTP: From 88,70% to 95,52% Video Bingo - Autoplay ´üČ Autoplay enables you to automatically play a set number of consecutive games without interacting with the game. Video Bingo - Autoplay Settings ´üČ Rounds to Play: Set the number of rounds you want to play. ´üČ Buy all Extra Balls: Set if you want to buy all extra balls automatically or not. ´üČ Bet per Ticket: Set the bet per ticket enabled. ´üČ Tickets: Set the number and position of tickets enabled. ´üČ Single Win Limit: Stop Autoplay mode if the win exceeds or equals the amount selected. ´üČ Total Loss Limit: Stop Autoplay if your balance decreases by an amount equal to or less than the one selected. ´üČ AutoPlay settings differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. Video Bingo - Autoplay Rules ´üČ Click Auto to open the Autoplay settings screen. ´üČ Set the Number of Rounds you want to play. ´üČ Set if you want to Buy all Extra Balls automatically or not (disabled by default). If disabled, the game will allow you to buy extra balls manually. ´üČ Set the Bet per Ticket value and the Tickets you want to enable. ´üČ Set the Total Loss Limit. You can also set a Single Win Limit. ´üČ Click Start Autoplay to start the game. ´üČ You can cancel Autoplay at any time by clicking the Stop button. Last modification date: 5/27/2022