Dungeons and Diamonds About this Game This is a 5 reel 5 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Game Menu Achievements button: Displays all achievements. Home button: Exits the game. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Banking button: Displays the banking page. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Splash page toggle: Toggles the splash page display on or off. Big win toggle: Toggle big win celepation display on or off. Close button: Closes the game menu. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Game Terminology DUNGEONS AND DIAMONDS™ = DUNGEONS AND DIAMONDS™ COLLECT = COLLECT MULTI COLLECT = MULTIPLIER COLLECT RESPIN COLLECT = RESPIN COLLECT FREE SPINS = FREE SPINS WILD = WILD MAX BET = MAX BET WICKED WIZARD JACKPOT = WICKED WIZARD JACKPOT GRAND JACKPOT = GRAND JACKPOT JACKPOT = JACKPOT MAJOR JACKPOT = MAJOR JACKPOT MINI JACKPOT = MINI JACKPOT MINOR JACKPOT = MINOR JACKPOT Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the number of paylines played. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the paylines played. Payline Rules This game includes 40 paylines. The number of paylines played is fixed. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Payout Rules Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins and Collect wins resulting from a spin. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. Collect Feature There are 3 possible Collect features. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. If a Jackpot and Multiplier Collect land together, the Jackpot is not multiplied. This feature can trigger in base game and Free Spins. Gem symbols appear on reels 1-4. When a Collect symbol lands on reel 5, the total amount of all Gem symbols on screen is awarded. Gem symbols can have values between 1x and 25x the total bet. The Multiplier Collect awards the total value of all Gem symbols shown multiplied by a random multiplier up to 5x that appears on the Collect symbol. The regular Collect awards the total value of all Gem symbols shown. The Respin Collect removes all regular symbols from the reels and awards a respin. After the respin ends, the total value of all Gem symbols shown at the end of the respin is awarded. Wild Symbols Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Scatters, Gems, Jackpots,Collects, Multiplier Collects, and Respin Collects. Scatter Symbols This symbol appears on reels 1, 3, and 5 only. This symbol does not have a payout. This symbol can appear in base game and Free Spins. Free Spins 3 Scatter symbols on reels 1, 3, and 5 trigger 8 Free Spins. 3 Scatter symbols on reels 1, 3, and 5 retrigger Free Spins. Free Spins play out automatically. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. All lines played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. More Gem and Collect symbols are added to the reels in the Free Spins feature. Bonus Feature The feature can award between 50x and 5 000x the total bet. This feature can trigger in base game and Free Spins. A Jackpot symbol in reels 1-4 combined with any Collect symbol in reel 5 triggers the Wicked Wizard's Jackpot game. Bonus wins are multiplied by the total bet. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. If this feature and Free Spins trigger simultaneously, this feature plays out first. 3 matching picks awards the corresponding jackpot prize. Paytable Achievements Paytable achievements track winning progress as the game is played. Wins with symbol substitutions are not logged as achievements. Winning symbol combinations are permanently highlighted on the achievements page. Autoplay Settings Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. This feature is available in base game only. In quick and turbo spin (where available), spins play out automatically at the increased speed selected. Big Win: Stops autoplay after winning a big win Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Bet Settings Bet Amount: Sets the current bet value. Max Bet button: Sets the current bet to the maximum value. Min Bet button: Sets the current bet to the minimum value. Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Bet Value buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Win: Displays the most recent win. Balance: Displays the current balances. Help button: Displays help and additional information. Menu button: Opens the game menu. Exit button: Exits the game. Desktop Controls Bet controls: Increase or decrease the bet with the plus and minus symbols. Fullscreen button: Enables fullscreen mode. Info button: Opens the paytable menu. Max Bet button: Sets the current bet to the maximum value. Game Settings Music: Enables game music. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Left-Handed Mode button: Enables left-handed mode. Big Win: Enables big win animations Splash page toggle: Toggles the splash page display on or off. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Additional Information Malfunction voids all pays and plays. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. This value is fixed and does not change. Last modification date: 1/11/2023