Thunderstruck Stormchaser About this Game This is a 5 reel 4 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Way Rules This game includes 1024 ways. A way is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other in this pattern. Way wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the number of coins multiplied by the coin size. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the ways played. Payout Rules Way win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The total payout is the sum of all way wins and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. If multiple winning combinations land on a single way, all wins are awarded. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. Wild Symbols Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a way combination. Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Scatters and Multiplier symbols. Scatter Symbols Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Scatters can create their own winning combination when landing anywhere on the reels. Scatter wins are added to regular wins. This symbol appears on all reels in base game and Free Spins. This symbol does not appear in the WildStorm feature. When only 2 Scatter symbols land on a spin these are collected. The graphical collection pot in the game is purely for visual entertainment and as such does not influence results. Multiplier Symbol Multiplier Symbols appear on all reels in base game and Free Spins. These symbols can award one of the following win multiplier values: 2x; 3x; 4x; 5x; 6x; 7x; 8x; 9x; 10x; 15x; 20x. All Multiplier Symbols displayed at the end of the spin are added and applied to the total win. These symbols do not appear in the WildStorm feature. Rolling Reels™ Feature This feature triggers after any ways win. Winning symbols are removed from the reels and the symbols above move into the empty spaces. If new winning combinations are formed, the feature triggers again. The feature continues until no winning combinations are present on the reels. This feature can trigger in base game and Free Spins. This feature does not occur in the WildStorm feature. WildStorm Feature This feature can randomly trigger in base game. A single spin is awarded with a guaranteed WildStorm feature. This feature can turn up to 5 reels Wild. Free Spins Selection 3 or more Scatters anywhere trigger the Free Spins Selection. Spin the wheel to win Free Spins and a starting Multiplier. The number of Free Spins and the size of the starting Multiplier increases with the number of triggering Scatters. 3, 4, 5, 6 or 7 WildStorm tokens are randomly awarded at the start of the feature. WildStorm tokens are collected during Free Spins to activate the WildStorm feature at the end of Free Spins. Free Spins Free Spins play out automatically. Landing 3 Scatters triggers the following values on the wheel: starting Free Spins: 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12 and starting Multipliers: 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x. Landing 4 Scatters triggers the following values on the wheel: starting Free Spins: 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15 and starting Multipliers: 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 8x, 9x. Landing 5 Scatters triggers the following values on the wheel: starting Free Spins: 15, 16, 18, 20, 22, 25 and starting Multipliers: 5x, 6x, 8x, 9x, 10x, 12x. 3, 4 or 5 Scatter symbols anywhere trigger an additional 5 Free Spins. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. All ways played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Thor can appear and randomly upgrade any Multiplier symbol value on a roll during Free Spins. Starting Multipliers are visible on the screen at the start of the feature. The sum of the displayed Multipliers are added to the total Multiplier at the end of the spin. The total Multiplier is applied to all wins for the duration of the feature when a Multiplier is on the screen. Collect 12 WildStorm tokens to activate 1 WildStorm feature. Collect a further 2 WildStorm tokens to activate a second WildStorm feature. Collect a further 2 WildStorm tokens to activate a third WildStorm feature. Each Scatter that lands awards 1 WildStorm token. Any awarded WildStorm feature will be played out at the end of the Free Spins feature. The WildStorm tokens are reset after the feature is complete. Buy Feature Trigger Free Spins once or complete 100 spins to unlock this feature. Activating this feature will instantly trigger the Free Spins feature. The feature is played at the current bet. The cost of the feature is a multiple of the current bet size, and is displayed in game. This feature is available in base game only. This feature may not be available above a certain bet threshold. Playlist Feature The Playlist features 4 song tracks that can be changed during base game. Song tracks can be changed by selecting song titles on the Playlist interface. The Playlist feature is for entertainment purposes only and has no bearing on game play. Game Menu Menu button: Displays additional game options. Lobby button: Exits the game. Banking button: Displays the banking page. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Game Controls Credits: Displays the current balances. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Buy Feature button: Allows the Free Spins feature to be purchased for a set cost. Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Win History button: Displays the Top Wins and Recent Wins for the game. Sound On button: Enables sounds. Sound Off button: Disables sounds. Playlist button: Displays the music tracks that can be selected. X button: Exits the game. Autoplay Settings Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. This feature is available in base game only. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Bet Settings Total Bet: Displays the total bet. Coin Size: Sets the coin value. Coins Bet: Sets the number of coins to bet. Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Max Bet button: Sets the current bet to the maximum value. Game Settings Sounds: Enables game sounds. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Values are calculated initially by piding the total possible payouts by the total possible outcomes that are available within the game. Values reflect the maximum expected return and do not change. Overall RTP: 94.01%. Buy Feature RTP: 94.01% Last modification date: 5/2/2023