Reign of Fire About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed on each payline played. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the number of paylines played. Payline Rules This game includes 20 paylines. The number of paylines played is fixed. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Payline wins are awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payout Rules The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. Wild Rewards Symbols Prize symbol can appear on reels 1-2. Wild symbol can appear on reels 2-5. Roaming Wild symbol can appear on reels 2-5 in Free Spins only. Wild Rewards Land at least one Wild Rewards symbol on every reel to trigger the Wild Rewards. Wild symbols and Roaming Wild symbols will reveal Prize symbols and all displayed credit values are awarded. Prize symbol credit values range from 0.2x – 50x bet. Wheel Bonus The Wheel symbol can randomly appear on any one of other symbols except Scatter, Wild, and Prize symbols in base game only. The Wheel symbol may randomly trigger the Wheel Bonus. Spin the Wheel to win a prize. The Wheel has the following prize wedges: 2500x Bet 250x Bet 50x Bet 20x Bet 10x Bet Roaming Wilds Trail Land 2 Scatters only, to move one position along the Roaming Wilds Trail. Every 5th position will increase the number of Roaming Wilds by 1. The maximum number of Roaming Wilds that can be accumulated is 9. The Roaming Wilds Trail can only accumulate in the base game. Roaming Wilds are only active in Free Spins. Roaming Wilds Trail will not reset until Free Spins with 9 Roaming Wilds is triggered. At the completion of Free Spins with 9 Roaming Wilds, the Roaming Wilds Trail will randomly reset to 2, 3 or 4 Roaming Wilds. Free Spins All bets and lines played are the same as the spin that triggered the feature. Land 3 or more Scatters to trigger 8 Free Spins. Land 3 or more Scatters to trigger 8 additional Free Spins. Scatters pay in any position. Roaming Wild Roaming Wild appears in Free Spins only and substitutes for all symbols except Scatters and Prize symbols. For the first Free Spin, the number of Roaming Wilds on the Roaming Wilds Trail will randomly appear on reels 2, 3, 4, or 5. In every subsequent Free Spin, those Roaming Wilds can move to random positions on reels 2,3,4 or 5. Wild Symbols Wilds substitute for all symbols except Scatters, Wheel, and Prize symbols. Wild symbols appear on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. A click or tap on the reels stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Spacebar: Pressing this keyboard button will start or stop a reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay start button: Starts Autoplay session. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Fast Play button: Toggles Fast Play on or off. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Bet Increase button: Increases the current bet. Bet Decrease button: Decreases the current bet. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Balance: Displays the current balances. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Game Menu Menu button: Displays additional game options. Lobby button: Exits the game. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Banking button: Displays the banking page. Close button: Closes the game menu. Game Settings Sounds: Enables game sounds. Music: Enables game music. Sound Effects: Toggles the game's sound effects on or off. Intro Screen: Toggles the introductory screen on or off. Spacebar: Toggle to turn Push Spacebar To Spin on or off. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. This feature is available in base game only. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Fast Play button: Toggles to turn Fast Play on or off to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Last modification date: 10/30/2024