NHL Gold Blitz About this Game This is a 6 reel, 4 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Playing the Game The balance is displayed in currency and is available in the console bar. Select the spin button to spin the reels. Select the stop button to stop the current reel spin. This can also be done by selecting the reels. This does not influence the results of the spin. Once the reels stop, winning combinations are highlighted. The win amount is displayed in the win box. If there is no winning combination, the game is completed. Way Rules A way is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs across the reels. All way wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right in any position on adjacent reels only. Ways wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier. The bet multiplier is the total bet divided by 10. There are 4096 ways to win. Payout Rules The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The total payout is the sum of all way wins and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. If multiple winning combinations land on a single way, only the highest win is awarded. Collect Symbol The Collect symbol appears on reel 1 and 6 in base game and Gold Blitz™. Collect Feature Land a Collect Symbol to trigger the Collect Feature. Each Collect Symbol awards all landed Cash and Jackpot symbols. Cash, Jackpot, and Collect symbols do not appear in Free Spins. Cash and Jackpot Symbols appear on all reels in the base game and Gold Blitz™ only. Cash Symbol values are multiplied by the total bet. Wild Symbols The Wild Symbol appears on reels 2, 3, 4, 5, and 6 in base game. The Wild Symbol appears on reels 2, 3, and 4 in Free Spins. Wild Symbol substitutes for all symbols except Scatter, Cash, Jackpot, and Collect Symbols. This symbol does not have a payout. Scatter Symbols The Scatter cannot be substituted by any Wild symbol. 3 or more Scatters award a payout and a bonus choice. 3 Scatter Symbols awards 8 Free Spins, or 2 Spins in Gold Blitz™. 4 Scatter Symbols awards 12 Free Spins, or 3 Spins in Gold Blitz™. 5 Scatter Symbols awards 20 Free Spins, or 5 Spins in Gold Blitz™. 6 Scatter Symbols awards 30 Free Spins, or 7 Spins in Gold Blitz™. Free Spins During Free Spins, 2, 3, 4, 5, or 6 Scatter symbols award 5, 8, 12, 20, or 30, additional Free Spins, respectively. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. A Multiplier of either 2x, 3x, or 5x is awarded per Wild Symbol when in a way win. Each Wild Multiplier will multiply the win awarded on that way. The Collect, Cash and Jackpot symbols do not appear in Free Spins. Free Spins play out automatically. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Gold Blitz™ Only Collect, Cash and Jackpot symbols appear in the Gold Blitz™ feature. A Collect symbol is guaranteed to land on reel 1 on every spin. A Collect symbol may also land on reel 6 and additionally collect all Cash and Jackpot symbols that appear. 3, 4, 5 and 6 Scatter symbols award 2, 3, 5, or 7 spins in Gold Blitz™. The Gold Blitz™ feature cannot be retriggered. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered the feature. Bonus Buy Use the Bonus Buy to purchase Free Spins or Gold Blitz™. The Bonus Buy feature options available are: 4 Scatter symbols awards 12 Free Spins or 3 Spins in Gold Blitz™. 5 Scatter symbols awards 20 Free Spins or 5 Spins in Gold Blitz™. 6 Scatter symbols awards 30 Free Spins or 7 Spins in Gold Blitz™. When purchasing 4 and 5 Scatters, there is a chance more Scatters may be awarded. Features are purchased at the prices displayed. Features are purchased at 75X, 120X bet and 150X bet respectively. Free Spins and Gold Blitz™ feature are played at the current bet. This feature is available in base game only. This feature may not be available above a certain bet threshold. Some of these options may not be available in your location. The feature ends after the final Free Spins or Gold Blitz™ spin has completed. Icons Autoplay Main Menu Return Decrement Increment Bet Quick Spin Mute / Unmute Responsible Gaming Player Protection Loyalty Game History Transaction History Banking Settings Paytable / Information Help Files Lobby Discard Some of these options may not be available in your location. Some of these options may not be available in your location. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. A bet amount must be set before starting the Autoplay session, as Autoplay plays with the last bet value. Autoplay can be stopped at any time. This does not influence the results of the spin. Triggering any feature will stop Autoplay. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Bet Selection Each spin played costs a total bet amount. Select the bet on a mobile device by selecting Bet in the console bar or by selecting the Bet icon. Select the bet in desktop with the Increment and Decrement icons on the console bar. Also, select the bet from the Main Menu using the Bet icon, or by selecting the bet area. Max Bet: Places the maximum bet permitted. Quick bet: Displays a range of quick betting options to select your total bet amount. Settings The Settings panel provides access to multiple game settings. To access the Settings panel, open the Main Menu and select the Settings icon. Choose which settings to turn on or off. Quick Spin setting increases the speed of the slot reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. All Sounds setting controls all sounds, including game and background sounds. Game Sounds setting controls console and spin sounds, as well as sounds for winning combinations and sequences. (Only enabled if All Sounds is ON.) Background Music setting controls background music. (Only enabled if All Sounds is ON.) Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. This feature is only available in selected games. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Last modification date: 11/21/2023