Agnes Mission: Wild Lab About this Game ´üČ This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. ´üČ The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. ´üČ Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Payline Rules ´üČ This game includes 20 paylines. ´üČ The number of paylines played is fixed. ´üČ Line wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right only on adjacent reels. ´üČ A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payout Rules ´üČ Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. ´üČ Each spin played costs a total bet amount. ´üČ The total payout is the sum of all payline wins resulting from a spin. ´üČ The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. ´üČ Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. ´üČ The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Wild Symbol ´üČ Wilds can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. ´üČ Wilds can substitute for all symbols except Agnes Coin, Collect and Empyo symbols. Extra Reel ´üČ An Extra Reel is located above the reels. ´üČ Collect and Empyo symbols appear on the Extra Reel. Agnes Coin Collect ´üČ The Agnes Coins can award cash prizes! ´üČ Land a Collect symbol on the Extra Reel to win the associated Cash Prize. ´üČ Win up to 2000X bet. ´üČ Mini Jackpot awards 25 times bet. ´üČ Minor Jackpot awards 100 times bet. ´üČ Major Jackpot awards 500 times bet. ´üČ Grand Jackpot awards 2000 times bet. ´üČ Feature total award is a sum of Agnes Coin symbol awards times the number of Collect symbols. Toxic Mutation ´üČ The Toxic Mutation can trigger on any spin. ´üČ The Toxic Fog randomly shuffles the reels to create winning combinations. Walking Wild Lab Respins ´üČ Agnes can randomly appear in front of reels. ´üČ On her arrival, an Empyo symbol may appear on the Extra Reel. ´üČ Land an Empyo symbol on the Extra Reel to trigger the Walking Wild Lab Respins feature. ´üČ The Empyo symbol on the Extra Reel turns the reel below into the Walking Wild. ´üČ The Walking Wild has all positions on the reel wild. ´üČ The Walking Wild shifts 1 reel position left on each spin. ´üČ Walking Wild Lab Respins are free spins. ´üČ Land the Empyo symbol on the Extra Reel above the Walking Wild to increase the win multiplier by 1. ´üČ The wild reel win multiplier starts with 1. ´üČ The maximum wild reel win multiplier is 5. ´üČ The Walking Wild Lab Respins feature is completed when the last Walking Wild reaches the leftmost reel. ´üČ Walking Wild will disappear after a spin is made. ´üČ Collect and Agnes Coin symbols do not appear during Walking Wild Lab Respins. Agnes Mission ´üČ Land an Empyo on the Extra Reel to increase the Empyo Meter. ´üČ The Empyo Meter shows the number of Empyos collected. ´üČ The bet level change does not affect the Empyo Meter. ´üČ Fill the meter with 12 Empyos to begin the Agnes Mission. ´üČ Extra Empyos are saved in the Empyo Meter. ´üČ The Agnes Mission retriggers for every 12 Empyos collected. ´üČ Get better chances for Agnes Coin Collect in Agnes Mission. ´üČ Get more Walking Wilds in Agnes Mission. ´üČ No Empyos can be collected during the Agnes Mission. ´üČ The Walking Wild Lab Respins feature always turns at least 2 rightmost reels into wild reels. ´üČ The Agnes Mission is complete when the Walking Wild Lab Respins feature is over. ´üČ Collect, Agnes Coin and Empyo symbols do not appear during Walking Wild Lab Respins. ´üČ The Extra Reel becomes dimmed during Walking Wild Lab Respins. ´üČ Agnes Mission spins are paid spins, except Walking Wild Lab Respins. Autoplay ´üČ This feature is available in base game only. ´üČ Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. ´üČ Spins are played at the current selected bet. ´üČ The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. ´üČ Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. ´üČ Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. ´üČ Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. ´üČ Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. Game Controls ´üČ Spin button: Starts a reel spin. ´üČ Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. ´üČ Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. ´üČ Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. ´üČ Bet: Displays the current total bet. ´üČ Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. ´üČ Win: Displays the most recent win. ´üČ Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. ´üČ Balance: Displays the current balances. Game Menu ´üČ Settings button: Displays the game settings. ´üČ Audio button: Toggles the game audio. ´üČ Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. ´üČ Menu button: Displays additional game options. Additional Information ´üČ Some settings and features may not be available in this game. ´üČ Malfunction voids all pays and plays. ´üČ In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. ´üČ The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. ´üČ The results of the last game played are displayed. ´üČ If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. ´üČ Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. ´üČ Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. Return to Player ´üČ The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. ´üČ Values are calculated initially by piding the total payouts by the total bets from a simulation of numerous game rounds. ´üČ Values reflect the maximum expected return and do not change. ´üČ Overall RTP: 94.48%. Translation of Game Terms ´üČ The translated terms are only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. ´üČ Agnes Mission: Wild Lab - Agnes Mission: Wild Lab (game name) ´üČ Agnes - Agnes (name) ´üČ Big Win - Big Win ´üČ Collect - Collect symbol label ´üČ Epic Win - Epic Win ´üČ Grand - Grand (prize) ´üČ Major - Major (prize) ´üČ Mega Win - Mega Win ´üČ Mini - Mini (prize) ´üČ Minor - Minor (prize) ´üČ Toxic Mutation - Toxic Mutation feature Last modification date: 9/28/2022