Book of Fate About this Game ´üČThis is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. ´üČThe objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. ´üČWinning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Bet Rules ´üČEach spin played costs a total bet amount. Payline Rules ´üČThis game includes 10 fixed paylines. ´üČA payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. ´üČA win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. ´üČPayline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Payout Rules ´üČPayline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. ´üČThe payout value is based on the winning combination formed. ´üČThe Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. ´üČOnly the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. ´üČIf multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. ´üČThe total payout is the sum of all payline wins and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. ´üČThe win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. ´üČTotal win from a single wager is capped at 50 000x the base bet. ´üČWhen the win reaches or exceeds that amount, the current wager will end with the maximum payout awarded. Wild Symbols ´üČBook symbols are Wild symbols. ´üČBook symbols can substitute for all symbols except Special symbols. ´üČBook symbols have their own payout. ´üČBook symbols pay in any position. ´üČWild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. Special Symbol ´üČDuring Free Spins and Super Free Spins, a paying symbol is randomly selected to become the Special symbol. ´üČThe Special symbol turns gold and is active for the duration of the feature. ´üČThe Special symbol expands to cover the height of the gameplay area and award additional payouts. ´üČLow Paying Special symbols expand when there are 3 or more on the reels. ´üČHigh Paying Special symbols expand when there are 2 or more on the reels. ´üČAll payouts created by expanded Special symbols are multiplied by Special symbol multiplier. ´üČDuring each spin, Special symbols receive a random Special symbol multiplier of 1x, 2x, 3x, 5x, 7x or 10x ´üČIf the Book is randomly selected as a Special symbol, Free Spins turn into Super Free Spins. Feature Spin ´üČThe Feature Spin randomly awards a single Free Spin in the base game. ´üČThe Feature Spin is played with the same rules as Free Spins or Super Free Spins, depending on which Special symbol is randomly awarded at the beginning. ´üČSuper Feature Spin using Super Free Spins rules is activated when the Book symbol is randomly awarded at the beginning of the feature. ´üČDuring the Super features, all Low Paying and High Paying symbols become Special symbols. They turn gold, expand to fill the reels and award additional payouts. Free Spins ´üČBook symbols are Scatter symbols. ´üČ3, 4 or 5 Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels trigger 8 Free Spins. ´üČAll bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. ´üČ3-5 Scatters anywhere on the reels award 8 more Free Spins. ´üČAll lines played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Super Free Spins ´üČFree Spins and the Feature Spin turn into Super features if the Book is randomly awarded as the Special symbol. ´üČDuring the Super features, all Low Paying and High Paying symbols become Special symbols. They turn gold, expand to fill the reels and award additional payouts. Bonus Bet ´üČBonus Bet can be enabled and disabled any time between the bets in the base game. ´üČEnabling the Bonus Bet doubles the chance of triggering Free Spins. ´üČEvery spin with Bonus Bet enabled costs 25% more than the base bet. ´üČBuy Bonus and Bonus Bet cannot be activated simultaneously. Buy Bonus ´üČThis feature costs 100x the bet if Free Spins is selected, and 750x if Super Free Spins is selected. ´üČUpon activation, this feature will instantly trigger the selected Free Spins feature. ´üČThis feature is available in the base game only. ´üČThis feature is not available above a certain bet threshold. ´üČBuy Bonus and Bonus Bet cannot be activated simultaneously. Autoplay ´üČAutoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. ´üČSpins are played at the current selected bet. ´üČThe number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. ´üČSpins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. ´üČLoss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. ´üČWin Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. ´üČWhen all autoplay rounds are played, a popup with 3 options in presented: "START" starts the same number of autoplay rounds with the same settings, "MORE" opens the autoplay settings, "X" closes the popup. ´üČThis feature is available in the base game only. ´üČSome settings and features may not be available in this game. Bet Settings ´üČQuick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Game Controls ´üČSpin button: Starts a reel spin. ´üČStop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. ´üČAutoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. ´üČAutoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. ´üČThe number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. ´üČBet button: Displays options to change the current bet. ´üČQuickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. ´üČBet: Displays the current total bet. ´üČWin: Displays the most recent win. ´üČBalance: Displays the current balances. ´üČMenu button: Displays additional game options. ´üČBonus Shop button: Displays available Buy Bonus options. ´üČBonus Bet button: Enables and disables the Bonus Bet option ´üČHelp button: Displays help and additional information. ´üČSome settings and features may not be available in this game. Return to Player ´üČThe Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. ´üČValues are calculated initially by piding the total payouts by the total bets from a simulation of numerous game rounds. ´üČValues reflect the maximum expected return and do not change. ´üČOverall RTP: 94.00%. ´üČBonus Bet enabled: 94.00%. ´üČBuy Bonus - Free Spins enabled: 94.00%. ´üČBuy Bonus - Super Free Spins enabled: 94.00%. Last modification date: 1/17/2023