The Great Albini 2 About this Game This is a 5 reel 4 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols and in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Payline Rules This game includes 40 paylines. The number of paylines played is fixed. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Payout Rules Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins and Collect wins resulting from a spin. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Wild Symbol Wilds can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wilds can substitute for all symbols except Scatters, Money Gem and Collect symbols. Collect Feature Money Gem symbols appear on reels 1 - 4. When a Collect symbol lands on reel 5, the total value of all the Money Gem symbols on the reels is awarded. Blue Money Gem awards 1 - 9x bet. Violet Money Gem awards 10x, 12x, 15x or 20x bet. l Red Money Gem awards 25x, 30x, 40x or 50x bet. A Collect symbol may include a 2 - 5x multiplier. The multiplier is applied to the total value of all Money Gem symbols on reels. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. This feature can trigger in base game. Bonus Feature 3 Scatters trigger the Bonus feature. l Scatters appear on reels 2, 3 and 4. 3 Bonus spins are awarded as the starting value. There are special Bonus symbols for the Bonus feature. If a Bonus symbol appears the spins left count is reset to the starting value. This feature can trigger in base game. The feature is played at the triggering bet. Bonus Feature Symbols Bonus symbols are Money Gem, Albini Multiplier and Lily Extra Spin symbols. Blue Money Gem awards 1 - 5x bet. Violet Money Gem awards 10x or 20x bet. Red Money Gem awards 50x bet. When a Money Gem symbol lands it will remain in position until the end of the Bonus. Albini Multiplier symbols may include a 1 – 5x multiplier. This value is added to the current multiplier of the Bonus feature. The Bonus feature starts with a 1x multiplier. The Bonus feature multiplier is applied to the total value of Money Gem symbols. Albini Multiplier symbols are removed from the following Bonus spin. Lily Extra Spin symbol increases the starting value of the spins left count by 1. Lily Extra Spin symbols are removed from the following Bonus spin. Bonus Grand Prize The Grand Prize is awarded when 20 Money Gem symbols land on the reels. The Grand Prize award is 20000x bet. l The Grand Prize award is added to a total Bonus award. Boost Activating the Boost increases win potential. Additional Money Gems and Collect symbols are added to base game. The odds for bigger Money Gem values in base game and Bonus are increased. The chance of landing Albini Multiplier and Lily Extra Spin symbols in the Bonus is increased. The total bet is increased by 50%. This feature does not affect symbol pays. This feature can be activated in base game. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Balance: Displays the current balances. Game Menu Menu button: Displays additional game options. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Audio button: Toggles the game audio. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. l The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. This value is fixed and does not change. This game has an RTP of 94.40%. The RTP during the Boost feature is 94.40%. Translation of Game Terms The translated terms are only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. Albini - Albini l Boost - Boost mode Boosted - Boosted Collect - Collect symbol label Lily - Lily Magical Win - Magical Win Majestic Win - Majestic Win Magnificent Win - Magnificent Win Scatter - Scatter symbol label Last modification date: 10/17/2023