Empire Shields About this Game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. The rest is for decoration purposes only. Way Rules This game includes 243 ways. A way is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other in this pattern. Way wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a bet amount. The initial bet is the current total bet pided by the way cost of 20. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the ways played. Payout Rules Way win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The total payout is the sum of all way wins and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. If multiple winning combinations land on a single way, only the highest win is awarded. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The Paytable displays the payouts in a player's currency. The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. Wild Symbols Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Scatters. 5 consecutive Wild symbols have a payout. Scatter Symbols Scatters can create their own winning combination when landing anywhere on the reels. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Topper The Topper appears above the reels. A feature shield appears in each of the 5 spaces on the Topper. The features are Double Reel, Multiplier, Wild and Expanding Wild. Energies charge each feature on the Topper according to a predefined probability. On each spin, feature shields on the Topper shift 1 space to the left. A new feature shield appears on the right of the Topper with 0 level of energy. The energy levels are held as the shields shift to the left. Each feature has a different energy level threshold to activate. The payment of the spin is evaluated after all active features are applied to the corresponding reels. Double Reel Feature The Double Reel feature charges with 4 energies. When the Double Reel feature shield is activated, the height of the reel below it is increased to 6 symbols. The number of ways increase up to 7776. Multiplier Feature The Multiplier feature charges with 5 energies. The Multiplier feature shields can display x2, x3, x5, x8 or x10 multipliers. The Multiplier feature awards with the sum of all the active multipliers displayed. When a Multiplier feature shield shifts on the Topper a new multiplier will display. Wild Feature The Wild feature charges with 6 energies. When the Wild feature shield is activated a Wild is randomly placed on the reel below it. Expanding Wild Feature The Expanding Wild feature charges with 7 energies. When the Expanding Wild feature is activated all positions on the reel below it become Wild. Bonus 3, 4 or 5 Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels trigger this feature. 20 shields are presented on screen. Each shield reveals Double Reel Feature, Multiplier Feature, Wild Feature or Expanding Wild Feature. When a shield is chosen, it fills a Topper position with the revealed feature. When all 5 positions on the Topper are filled, the Free Spins start. This feature can trigger in base game only. Free Spins 10 Free Spins are awarded. The features on the Topper charge with the same level of energies as in the base game. When a feature is charged, it is active during the whole Free Spins session. On the 10th spin, all features are activated. During the feature 3, 4 or 5 Scatter symbols reward additional 10 Free Spins. Additional Free Spins use the same features presented on the Topper. Free Spins can be retriggered infinitely. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Mute button: Disables game sounds and music. Unmute button: Enables game sounds and music. Help button: Displays help and additional information. Banking button: Displays the cashier. Home button: Exits the game. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Balance: Displays the current balances. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Bet Increase button: Increases the current bet. Bet Decrease button: Decreases the current bet. Turbo Mode button: Enables Turbo Mode to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay This feature is available in base game only. Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Total Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Win Feature: Select this option to end Autoplay session when trigger feature. Single Win: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Game Menu Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Help button: Displays help and additional information. Payout button: Displays payout of the last spin. History button: Displays the history of spins' result. Notification button: Displays notifications. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Close button: Closes the game menu. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The results of the last game played are displayed. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. This value is fixed and does not change. This game has an RTP of 96.19%. Last modification date: 5/6/2022