Massive Gold Maxxed About this Game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. This game is played with credits only. Spins within the Maxxed Free Spins feature will be called free spins. Spins within the Free Spins feature will be called free spins. Spins within the Bonus feature will be called bonus spins. Payline Rules This game includes 20 paylines. The number of paylines played is fixed. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. Payout Rules Wins are multiplied by the total bet. Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Free Spins symbols pay scattered. Coinciding wins on different paylines are added to the win. Wild Symbols Wild symbols appear in the base game and the Free Spins feature. Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Free Spins, Gold Bar, Collect, Maxxed, Prize, +1, and 1UP symbols. Collect Wins The Collect symbol may land on reel 5 only in the base game and Free Spins. When a Collect lands, it triggers Collect Wins. The Collect symbol on reel 5 awards the total amount of all Gold Bar and/or Maxxed symbols multiplied by the value of the corresponding feature booster. The Gold Booster is used in the base game. The Free Spins Booster is used in Free Spins. Gold Bar symbols appear on all reels. Gold Bar symbols can have a value between 0.2x and 50x the total bet. Maxxed symbols appear on all reels. Maxxed symbols values are 3x - 50x bet. Gold Booster Feature The Gold Booster is available in the base game only. When a Collect symbol lands on reel 5, the total amount of all Gold Bar and/or Maxxed symbols on screen is awarded multiplied with the value of the Gold Booster feature. The multiplier starts with a value of 1x and increases with each 1UP symbol landing on the reels. During the feature 1UP symbols may land on any reel. After the multiplier has been applied, the multiplier will reset to 1x. The multiplier can increase up to 10x. The Gold Booster does not apply to payline wins. Maxxed Free Spins Feature The feature may be triggered during the base game. Collecting a Maxxed symbol on all 5 reels triggers Maxxed Free Spins. This collection can be done over several spins. When triggered the feature awards 2 initial spins with a chance to get additional spins by landing the +1 symbol. A special multiplier trail is displayed above the reels – Maxxed Booster. The player can progress along the Maxxed Booster by collecting 1UP symbols: the more 1UP symbols collected, the higher the multiplier. During the feature 1UP symbols may land on any reel. When Maxxed Free Spins begin, the multiplier starts at 1x and can increase up to 50x. The feature wins are awarded per spin: all Gold Bar and Maxxed symbols values that land during the spin are multiplied by the current value reached on the Maxxed Booster. The total payout is the sum of all wins resulting from free spins. The Maxxed Booster does not apply to payline wins. The feature ends when there are no remaining free spins left. Free spins are free to the player. All lines played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. The Bonus feature cannot be triggered within the feature. The Free Spins feature cannot be triggered within the feature. Free Spins Feature The feature may be triggered during the base game. Landing 3 Free Spins symbols scattered on reels 1,3 and 5 will trigger the Free Spins feature. The Free Spins symbol is a scatter symbol. The feature awards the player 10 free spins to start. The feature starts with the Free Spins Booster multiplier value of 1x and can increase up to 50x. Each 1UP landing during the feature increases the Free Spins Booster multiplier by 1x. During the feature 1UP symbols may land on any reel. Each time the trail reaches a new multiplier level, 3 extra spins are awarded. If the Collect symbol lands on reel 5, the total amount of all Gold Bar and/or Maxxed symbols is multiplied by the value of the Free Spins Booster and added to the total counter. The Free Spins Booster feature wins and payline wins from the feature are added to Total Win for each spin. The Free Spins Booster does not apply to payline wins. The total payout is the sum of all wins resulting from free spins: payline and Collect wins. The feature ends when there are no remaining free spins left. Free spins are free to the player. The Bonus feature cannot be triggered within the feature. The Maxxed Free Spins feature cannot be triggered within the feature. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. All lines played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Bonus Feature Bonus may be randomly triggered by landing a Gold Bar symbol on any reel. The feature awards the player 3 bonus spins to start. During Bonus there are 3 types of symbols fill the grid: Gold Bar, Maxxed and Prize symbols. If any symbol lands on any reel it resets spins left to 3. Gold Bar symbols will remain in position until the end of the spins. Prize symbols (Mini, Minor, Major, Mega) will land and be collected into a meter connected to each prize. The first two prize symbols to land connected to one of the four different prizes will be removed from the reels after collected. The third symbol connected to a specific prize that lands will mark that prize as won and the symbol will remain on the reels until the bonus is finished. The prize symbols will pay fixed wins of 30x bet (Mini), 100x bet (Minor), 500x bet (Major) and 5000x bet (Mega). The feature ends when there are no remaining bonus spins left or there are no remaining landing positions available. If the player fills the entire grid with symbols, the player is awarded the Mega prize of 5000x bet. The total win from the feature will be paid out at the end of the Bonus with all the Gold Bar and Maxxed symbols values on the reels added together with any prize wins achieved. The Free Spins feature cannot be triggered inside the feature. The Maxxed Free Spins feature cannot be triggered within the feature. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. The bonus spins are free to the player. Maxxed Feature Buy The Maxxed Feature Buy costs 100 times the total bet amount. The feature is played at the current bet. Activating this feature will instantly trigger the Maxxed Free Spins feature. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. This feature is not available above a certain bet threshold. The Maxxed Feature Buy does not affect the Maxxed Booster feature. This feature is available in the base game only. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Bet: Set the current bet value. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Aborting Autoplay or stopping the reels during Autoplay will not affect the outcome of the game. Autoplay will automatically stop if a Bonus, Free Spins or Maxxed Free Spins feature is triggered. This feature is available in the base game only. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Bet Increase button: Increases the current bet. Bet Decrease button: Decreases the current bet. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Maxxed Feature Buy feature button: Displays the option to purchase the Maxxed Free Spins feature. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Defaultspin button: Enables Defaultspin to resolve spins at default speed. This does not influence the results of the spin. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Turbospin button: Enables Turbospin to resolve spins even faster than Quickspin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Balance: Displays the current balances. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. A click or tap on the reels stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Game Menu Home button: Exits the game. Paytable button: Displays payout tables. Bet Settings Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Game Terminology MAXXED FREE SPINS = MAXXED FREE SPINS FREE SPINS = FREE SPINS BONUS = BONUS GOLD BOOSTER = GOLD BOOSTER COLLECT WINS = COLLECT WINS MAXXED BOOSTER = MAXXED BOOSTER FREE SPINS BOOSTER = FREE SPINS BOOSTER WILD = WILD MINI = MINI MINOR = MINOR MAJOR = MAJOR MEGA = MEGA 1UP = 1UP COLLECT = COLLECT MAXXED = MAXXED BIG WIN = BIG WIN MEGA WIN = MEGA WIN EPIC WIN = EPIC WIN MASSIVE WIN = MASSIVE WIN MAXXED FEATURE BUY = MAXXED FEATURE BUY START = START SPIN = SPIN STOP = STOP TOTAL = TOTAL MGX = MGX Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of additional game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Start to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Use Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select No Thanks to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired, the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. This feature is only available in selected games. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Spacebar: Pressing this keyboard button will start or stop a reel spin. Spacebar: Holding down this keyboard button will start a quickspin. Enter: Pressing this keyboard button will start or stop a reel spin. Enter: Holding down this keyboard button will start a quickspin. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. RTP - 94.55% Last modification date: 3/4/2026