Lucky Leprechaun Game Rules Click the links for more information about the game rules. General Rules 1. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. Wild Symbol Rules The Lucky Leprechaun symbol is a wild symbol. Does not substitute for the scatter symbol. Creates a wild symbol stack. Creates its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear in a line on an enabled payline. Only one winning combination is paid out per payline. If there is more than one possible winning combination on a payline, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. Scatter Symbol Rules Coin Pot of Gold The Coin symbol and the Pot of Gold symbol are scatter symbols. The Coin symbol: Only appears on reel 5. Awards 1x your total bet when it appears on the reel. Activates the Free Spins bonus game when it appears on the reel. Cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. The Pot of Gold symbol: Does not create its own winning combination. Activates the Trail O' Fortune bonus game when three or more appear on the five reels. Cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. Scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the scatter symbol combination payout by the total number of regular coins bet. Scatter wins are added to regular wins. If you have a scatter win and a regular win, you are paid out for both wins, as the scatter symbol does not need to appear on an enabled payline to win. Trail O' Fortune Bonus Game Rules Three or more Pot of Gold symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Trail O' Fortune bonus game. You can win up to a 1000x multiplier value. You spin the wheel to reveal the number of squares you can move. The number of symbols that activated the bonus game indicates the number of times you can spin the wheel. Each square you land on represents the current bonus multiplier value that you can win. If you land on the start of a Rainbow Bridge, you cross the bridge bypassing the squares in between. If you land on a hidden Emerald, you are awarded one extra spin of the wheel. The last square you land on, after having used all your spins, is the bonus multiplier value that you win. Your bonus multiplier value is then multiplied by your total bet amount. The Trail O' Fortune bonus game can not be activated during the free spins. If you activate the Free Spins bonus game and the Trail O' Fortune bonus game on the same spin, the Trail 'O Fortune bonus game is played first. Winnings are automatically collected during the bonus game. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. Free Spins Bonus Game Rules Coin Leprechaun Wild One Coin symbol appearing on reel 5, activates the Free Spins bonus game. You are awarded five free spins. All regular wins are doubled during the free spins. The Leprechaun symbol becomes an additional wild symbol during the free spins. If a Green Clover displays on a symbol, you are awarded one additional free spin. If a Gold Clover displays on a symbol, the multiplier value is increased by 1. All the bets and paylines played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. The Free Spins bonus game cannot be re-activated during the free spins. If you activate the Free Spins bonus game and the Trail O' Fortune bonus game on the same spin, the Trail 'O Fortune bonus game is played first. Betting and Payout Rules Winnings are paid out on the highest combination on each enabled payline only, except for scatter wins. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so at least one of the symbols must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. The symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. All paylines are permanently enabled for every spin, so you cannot select or de-select paylines. You can bet up to 10 coins per payline. All payout tables display the number of coins that are won for each combination. The total number of coins paid out depends on the number of coins you play per payline. Regular wins are calculated by taking the number of coins won, multiplied by the number of coins played per payline. Scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the scatter symbol combination payout by the total number of regular coins bet. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size you select. The formula to calculate the conversion of your coins to credits is: number of coins x coin size played = amount in credits. You can choose to play the game in coins or credits mode. This means all your bets and payouts are displayed in the mode you select. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. Wild Symbol The Lucky Leprechaun symbol is a wild symbol. This symbol: Does not substitute for the scatter symbol. Creates a wild symbol stack. Creates its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear in a line on an enabled payline. Scatter Symbol Coin Pot of Gold The Coin symbol and the Pot of Gold symbol are scatter symbols. The Coin symbol: Only appears on reel 5. Awards 1x your total bet when it appears on the reel. Activates the Free Spins bonus game when it appears on the reel. Cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. The Pot of Gold symbol: Does not create its own winning combination. Activates the Trail O' Fortune bonus game when three or more appear on the five reels. Cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. Scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the scatter symbol combination payout by the total number of regular coins bet. Trail O' Fortune Bonus Game Three or more Pot of Gold symbols scattered on the reels activate the Trail 'O Fortune bonus game. In this game: You can win up to a 1000x multiplier value. You spin the wheel to reveal the number of squares you can move. The number of symbols that activated the bonus game indicates the number of times you can spin the wheel. Each square you land on represents the current bonus multiplier value that you can win. If you land on the start of a Rainbow Bridge, you cross the bridge bypassing the squares in between. If you land on a hidden Emerald, you are awarded one extra spin of the wheel. The last square you land on, after having used all your spins, is the bonus multiplier value that you win. Your bonus multiplier value is then multiplied by your total bet amount. The Trail O' Fortune bonus game can not be activated during the free spins. If you activate the Free Spins bonus game and the Trail O' Fortune bonus game on the same spin, the Trail 'O Fortune bonus game is played first. Free Spins Bonus Game Coin Leprechaun Wild One Coin symbol appearing on reel 5, activates the Free Spins bonus game. In this game: You are awarded five free spins. All regular wins are doubled during the free spins. The Leprechaun symbol becomes an additional wild symbol during the free spins. If a Green Clover displays on a symbol, you are awarded one additional free spin.  If a Gold Clover displays on a symbol, the multiplier value is increased by 1. All the bets and paylines played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. The Free Spins bonus game cannot be re-activated during the free spins. If you activate the Free Spins bonus game and the Trail O' Fortune bonus game on the same spin, the Trail 'O Fortune bonus game is played first. Paytable Achievements The Paytable Achievements feature enables you to track your winnings status by highlighting symbol combinations that you have won. Once you have won all three combinations for a particular symbol, you are informed of this achievement, and the symbol is highlighted on the payout table. Achievements are permanently highlighted on the payout table, even after you exit the game. Note: The following are not logged as achievements:  Scatter symbol or Bonus Scatter symbol combinations. Playing the Game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form a winning combination on the payline. The payout is dependent on the winning combination formed. You can choose to play the game in coins or credits mode. This means all your bets and payouts are displayed in the mode you select. To play: Select your betting and payout mode. How? Click on the Balance box. Click Coins to change your betting and payout mode to coins. All bets and payouts are displayed in coins. Click Credits to change your betting and payout mode to credits. All bets and payouts are displayed in credits. Select the number of paylines you want to play. How? Click a line number to select the number of paylines you want to bet. To increase the number of paylines you want to bet, click on your Bet box, then click + or - in the Lines box. Place a bet. How? In the Bet box, click Increase (+) or Decrease (-) to select your total bet amount, or click Bet to see more options. Click Increase (+) or Decrease (-) to select the coin size you want to bet. Click Increase (+) or Decrease (-) to select the number of coins you want to bet per line. To bet the maximum number of coins permitted, click Max Bet . The number of coins bet and the number of lines selected increase to the maximum. Click Spin . The reels start spinning. If you have a winning combination lined up on the payline, the win is highlighted on the reels. You are paid out the win amount as displayed in the Win box. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. To view your Casino balance: The Balance box displays your current Casino balance. Click on the Balance box to change your view or see a summary. Click on the Options tab to select Credits , Coins or Coins & Credits . Select to show your Bonus balance. The Bank button will take you to the Casino banking functions. Click the Summary tab to see your Casino balance in coins and credits. To view a summary of your winnings: If you have a winning spin, the win amount is shown in the Win box. Click on the Win box to change your view or see a summary Select View wins in coins and credits to see your wins in both coins and credits. Click on the Recent tab to see your last few win amounts. Click on the Top 5 tab to see your top 5 win amounts for this game session. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 11/6/2020