Magnificent Power Wolf Fire Spirit About this Game This is a 5 reel 4 row video slot game. Up to 6 reels, 4 rows can be activated. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. This game includes 1024 ways. Up to 4096 ways can be activated. Payout Rules If multiple winning combinations land on a single way, only the highest win is awarded. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The total payout is the sum of all way wins resulting from a spin. Way win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Way Rules A way is 1 position on each reel beginning with the leftmost reel and pays left to right on adjacent reels. Only positions containing a winning symbol are used to determine the way win for that symbol. When 5 reels are available, the game has 1024 ways. When all 6 reels are unlocked, the game has 4096 ways. Only the highest win is awarded per way. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the way cost of 20. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the ways played. Wild Symbols Wilds only substitute for High and Low Paying symbols. Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wilds only appear on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. These symbols do not have a payout. Random Multiplier Wild Random Multiplier Wild is Wild and will be 1x, 2x or 3x. The Multiplier on the Wild is the number of ways the Wild position is worth. Magnificent Power™ Feature 1 or more Wilds on screen will collect all Coins. Collect 30 Coins to upgrade the base game Wild to Random Multiplier Wild. Wild upgrade will occur at the beginning of the next game. Collect 60 Coins to unlock Fire Extra Spin symbol, Spirit Extra Spin Symbol and the 6th reel. Fire Extra Spin symbol, Spirit Extra Spin symbol and the 6th reel unlock will occur at the beginning of the next game. Coins may appear on any High and Low Paying symbols. Falling Wild Feature After a Wild lands on the reels, all wins are awarded for that spin. If the Wild landed on the top 3 rows of the reels, the Wild will move down one position and all the reels will respin. The respin has special reels with High Paying and Low Paying symbols. All wins will be awarded after each respin. The Falling Wild feature will continue until the Wild lands on the bottom row. The Falling Wild will be a Random Multiplier Wild if the feature is unlocked. A different Random Multiplier may be selected each time the Wild moves. Coins are available to collect during the respin until the 6th reel is unlocked. The following features are not available during the Falling Wild Feature: Fire Extra Spins Feature, Spirit Extra Spins Feature, Fire Free Spins and Spirit Free Spins. Fire Extra Spin Feature The number of free spins is displayed in the Fire Free Spins Meter. Fire Extra Spin symbol only increases the free spins for the Fire Free Spins. For each Fire Extra Spin symbol that appears, the Fire Free Spins Meter will increase by 1. The maximum number of free spins is 10. The Fire Free Spins Meter will reset to 3 after the Fire Free Spins are complete. Fire Extra Spin symbol can only appear on Wilds, High Paying and Low Paying symbols. Fire Extra Spin cannot appear on the Fire Free Spins triggering spin. Fire Extra Spin symbol is only available in the base game. Fire Free Spin Symbol 3 Fire Free Spins symbols trigger the Fire Free Spins. Fire Free Spins symbols appear on reels 1, 2 and 3. Fire Free Spins 3 free spins will be awarded, unless Fire Extra Spin symbol is achieved, then the number of free spins in the Fire Free Spins Meter will be achieved. Fire Free Spins have special reels with Jackpot symbols, Jackpot Extra Spin symbols and blank positions only. Jackpot Extra Spin symbol will increase the total number of free spins by 1. The feature pays at the end of the feature when no spins are remaining. The number of Jackpot and Jackpot Extra Spin symbols accumulated during the free spins determines the Jackpot award. If the Fire Free Spins and the Falling Wild feature trigger in the base game on the same spin, the Falling Wilds feature will complete before entering the Fire Free Spins. The number of reels are the same as the spin that triggered the feature. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. This feature can trigger in base game only. Spirit Extra Spins Feature The number of free spins is displayed in the Spirit Free Spins Meter. Spirit Extra Spin symbol only increases the free spins for the Spirit Free Spins. For each Spirit Extra Spin symbol that appears, the Spirit Free Spins Meter will increase by 1. The maximum number of free spins is 10. The Spirit Free Spins Meter will reset to 1 after the Spirit Free Spins are complete. Spirit Extra Spin symbol can only appear on Wilds, High Paying and Low Paying symbols. Spirit Extra Spin cannot appear on the Spirit Free Spins triggering spin. Spirit Extra Spin symbol is only available in the base game. Spirit Free Spins Symbol 3 Spirit Free Spins symbols trigger the Spirit Free Spins. Spirit Free Spins symbols appear on reels 3, 4 and 5. Spirit Free Spins 1 free spin will be awarded, unless Spirit Extra Spin symbol is achieved, then the number of free spins in the Spirit Free Spins Meter will be awarded. Spirit Free Spins have special reels with Random Multiplier Wild symbols, Wolf symbols, and blank positions only. Falling Wild feature is available during the Spirit Free Spins. When the Random Multiplier Wild is unlocked, Wild will be a Random Multiplier Wild that always awards a 2x or 3x. The Falling Wilds feature does not affect the number of spins remaining. The feature ends when there are no more free spins and the Falling Wild feature has completed. If the Spirit Free Spins and the Falling Wild feature trigger in the base game on the same spin, the Falling Wilds feature will complete before entering the Spirit Free Spins. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. All ways played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. This feature can trigger in base game only. Game Controls Credits: Displays the current balances. Bet: Sets the current bet value. Win: Displays the most recent win. Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Spacebar: Starts a reel spin. Spins are played at the current selected bet. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Spacebar during reel spin stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Selecting the game screen can stop the spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Hold to Turbo Spin: Hold the spin button to enable Turbo Spin. Turbo Spin resolves spins faster and will start the next spin. Turbo Spin ends when the spin button is lifted. This does not influence the results of the spin. Hold spacebar to Turbo Spin: Hold the spacebar to enable Turbo Spin. Turbo Spin resolves spins faster and will start the next spin. Turbo Spin ends when the spacebar is lifted. This does not influence the results of the spin. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Home button: Exits the game. Help button: Displays help and additional information. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Spins are played at the current selected bet. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. This feature is available in base game only. Game Settings Quickspin: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Left-Handed Mode button: Enables left-handed mode. Music: Enables game music. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Startup Screen button: Enables game advertisement on game load. Bet Settings Bet Value buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Max Bet button: Sets the current bet to the maximum value. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Last modification date: 1/15/2025