Temple of Medusa About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Payline Rules This game includes 25 paylines. The number of paylines played is fixed. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the payline cost of 10. Payout Rules Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. Wild Symbols Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Scatters. Wild symbols appear on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. During the Spreading Wilds feature, Wild symbols can spread to reels 1 and 5. Scatter Symbols Scatters can create their own winning combination when landing anywhere on the reels. Scatters appear on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Lucky Prize The Lucky Prize awards 5000x total bet. The Lucky Prize can be won in the base game. The Lucky Prize can be won on any spin. Spreading Wilds Feature This feature can trigger in base game and Free Spins. When a Wild symbol lands on the reels, it always spreads. Wild symbols can spread horizontally, vertically and/or diagonally to neighboring symbols. Wild symbols can spread in 1, 2 or all directions at a time. When a Wild symbol spreads in 1 direction, it spreads horizontally, vertically, diagonally right, or diagonally left. When a Wild symbol spreads in 2 directions, it spreads horizontally and vertically, or diagonally right and diagonally left. When a Wild symbol spreads in all directions, it spreads horizontally, vertically, diagonally right and diagonally left. In base game, the direction of the Spreading Wilds is randomly selected for each Wild (spreading in 1 direction, 2 directions or all directions). Wild symbols only spread in the visible reel area. If a Wild symbol spreads to a position that has a Scatter in it, the Scatter is turned into a Wild Scatter. A Wild Scatter acts as a both a Wild and a Scatter. If a Wild symbol spreads to a position that already has a Wild symbol, it will count as 1 Wild symbol. All wins are awarded after Spreading Wilds feature. Free Spins Selection 3 Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels trigger this feature. 4 Free Spins features are available for selection. 15 Free Spins - Wild symbols spread in 1 direction (vertical, horizontal, diagonal right or diagonal left). 10 Free Spins - Wild symbols spread in 2 directions (horizontal and vertical or diagonal right and diagonal left). 5 Free Spins - Wild symbols spread in all directions (horizontal, vertical, diagonal right and diagonal left). Mystery Free Spins - 5, 10 or 15 Free Spins are randomly awarded. In Mystery Free Spins, the direction of the Spreading Wilds is randomly selected (spreading in 1 direction, 2 directions or all directions). Free Spins play out automatically. Free Spins can be retriggered. 3 Scatter symbols retrigger Free Spins. The number of spins initially triggered is awarded. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. All lines played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the autoplay session is displayed in the game. Autoplay Settings. Some Settings and features may not be available in this game. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session.Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session.Autoplay ends when if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session.Autoplay ends when if the balance decreases by this amount. Total bet: Sets the current bet value. Bet Settings Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Bet Amount: Sets the current bet value. Game Controls Balance: Displays the current balances. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Pressing the Spin button during the current spin stops the reels quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Pressing the Spin button during AutoPlay ends the current Autoplay session. Home button: Exits the game. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. Last modification date: 12/15/2021