Thunderstruck Wild Lightning About this Game l This is a 5 reel 4 row video slot game. l The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. l Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Payline Rules l This game includes 40 paylines. l The number of paylines played is fixed. l A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. l A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. l Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Bet Rules l Each spin played costs a total bet amount. l The initial bet is the number of coins multiplied by the coin size. l The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the paylines played. Payout Rules l Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. l The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. l The total payout is the sum of all payline wins and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. l If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. l Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. l The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. l The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. Wild Symbols l Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. l Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Scatters and Thunderball symbols. l Wilds multiply wins by either 2x or 5x when substituting in base game. l Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. l Wilds can be stacked in base game. Scatter Symbols l Scatters can create their own winning combination when landing anywhere on the reels. l Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. l Scatter wins are added to regular wins. Thunderball Symbols l Thunderball symbols appear on all reels in base game. l Thunderball symbols in base game can be blue or gold in colour. l Every gold Thunderball symbol that lands is collected. l Gold Thunderball symbols appear on reels 4 and 5 only. l The graphical collection pot in the game is purely for visual entertainment and as such does not influence awarding a jackpot. l Thunderball symbols pay during the Link ™ feature. l Thunderball symbols award cash prizes or jackpot prizes. l Thunderball symbols do not create their own winning combination when landing anywhere on the reels. l Changing the bet size in the base game will update the potential cash prizes on the Thunderball symbols. Link ™ Feature l 6 or more Thunderball symbols trigger the Link ™ feature. l This feature can trigger in base game only. l The Link ™ feature starts with 4 rows open and 4 rows locked. l 3 spins are awarded at the start of the feature. l Only Thunderball symbols and blank positions appear on the reels. l Thunderball symbols display cash prizes and jackpot prizes during the feature. l Regular Thunderball symbols appear on all rows and display cash prizes. l Thunderball symbols with jackpot prizes only appear on rows 5 - 8, during the Link ™ feature. l The triggering Thunderball symbols are held in place during the feature, and the remaining symbol positions spin independently. l Each new Thunderball symbol that lands is held for the remaining spins. l If additional Thunderball symbols land, the number of spins will be reset to 3. l Additional rows can be unlocked by landing a specific number of Thunderball symbols during the feature. l 15, 20, 25 and 30 symbols unlock row 5, 6, 7 and 8 sequentially. l All Thunderball cash prizes and jackpots in unlocked rows are awarded at the end of the Link ™ feature. l The Link ™ feature ends when no spins remain or all reel positions are filled to win the Mega jackpot. Jackpots l Jackpots can be awarded during the Link ™ feature. l The Mega jackpot awards 15000x the total bet. l The Major jackpot awards 150x the total bet. l The Minor jackpot awards 50x the total bet. l The Mini jackpot awards 25x the total bet. l The Mega jackpot is awarded when all reel positions are filled with Thunderball symbols. Free Spins Selection l 3 or more Scatters anywhere trigger the Free Spins Selection. l Any unlocked feature can be selected. l Additional features sequentially unlock after a number of feature triggers. Free Spins l There are 5 Free Spins features. l Free Spins play out automatically. l Jotunheim Free Spins awards 15 Free Spins and Wilds multiply wins by 2x, 3x or 5x. l This feature is unlocked on the first Free Spins trigger. l Vanaheim Free Spins awards 12 Free Spins and Wilds multiply wins by 2x, 4x or 6x. l This feature is unlocked after 5 Free Spins triggers. l Alfheim Free Spins awards 9 Free Spins and Wilds multiply wins by 3x, 5x or 8x. l This feature is unlocked after 10 Free Spins triggers. l Nidavellir Free Spins awards 6 Free Spins and Wilds multiply wins by 5x, 8x or 12x. l This feature is unlocked after 15 Free Spins triggers. l There is no additive or multiplicative effect if multiple Wilds substitute in a win. l 3 or more Scatters retriggers the number of Free Spins initially triggered. l The Svartalfheim Free Spin is unlocked by collecting 20 Scatter pairs in base game. l The feature is unlocked for the next Free Spins Selection trigger. l When only 2 Scatter symbols land on a spin these are collected into a Scatter collector. l The Scatter collector is reset after the WildStorm feature has been played. l Svartalfheim Free Spin awards 1 Free Spin with the WildStorm feature. l The WildStorm feature can turn up to 5 reels Wild. l Wild Reels pay out as separate symbols. l During WildStorm if no win is achieved, the Scatter collector is refilled. l The Svartalfheim Free Spin cannot be retriggered. l All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. l Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Wild Lightning Feature l This feature is triggered when a Wild symbol lands on reels 2, 3 and 4 during Free Spins. l The triggering Wild symbol activates that symbol position. l When another Wild symbol lands in that same position the reel becomes Wild for that spin. l The Wild Reel is active for the triggering spin only. l Once a Wild Reel is awarded, the charged location is removed. l There is a chance that random symbol positions can already be activated on entry into a Free Spins feature. l The Vanaheim, Alfheim, and Nidavellir Free Spins features can have up to 1, 2 or 3 activated positions respectively. l Wild Reels pay out as separate symbols. l This feature does not trigger in the Svartalfheim Free Spin feature. Playlist Feature l The Playlist features 5 song tracks that can be changed during base game. l Song tracks can be changed by selecting song titles on the Playlist interface. l The Playlist feature is for entertainment purposes only and has no bearing on game play. Game Menu l Menu button: Displays additional game options. l Lobby button: Exits the game. l Banking button: Displays the banking page. l Settings button: Displays the game settings. l Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Game Controls l Credits: Displays the current balances. l Bet: Displays the current total bet. l Win: Displays the most recent win. l Spin button: Starts a reel spin. l Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. l Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. l Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. l Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. l Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. l X button: Exits the game. Bet Settings l Total Bet: Displays the total bet. l Coin Size: Sets the coin value. l Coins Bet: Sets the number of coins to bet. l Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. l Max Bet button: Sets the current bet to the maximum value. Game Settings l Quickspin: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. l Sounds: Enables game sounds. l Voice Overs: Enables voice over sounds. Additional Information l Some settings and features may not be available in this game. l Malfunction voids all pays and plays. l In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. l The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. l The results of the last game played are displayed. l If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. l Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. l Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. Return to Player l The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. l This value is fixed and does not change. l This game has an RTP of 96.10%. Last modification date: 7/27/2021