Bison Moon About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Payline Rules The number of paylines played is fixed. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. This game includes 25 paylines. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. Payout Rules The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. Wild Symbols The Wild symbol is a wild symbol. The Wild symbol can substitute for all symbols except the Link&Win™ and Scatter symbols. The Wild symbols can appear on any reel. Scatter Symbols The Scatter symbol is a scatter symbol. Scatter symbols appear on reels 2, 3, and 4 only. 3 Scatter symbols landing on the base reels trigger Free Spins and pay 1 times total bet. Scatters pay in any position. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Scatter wins are added to line wins. In the event of a Scatter symbol win and a line win, both wins are paid out, as the Scatter symbol does not need to appear on a payline to win. Scatter symbols cannot be substituted by the Wild symbols. Win Booster™ Rules Win Booster™ adds additional Link&Win™ symbols to base reels increasing the chance of triggering the Link&Win™ feature. You can choose to activate or deactivate the Win Booster™ in the base game. The boosted bet consists of your current bet plus an extra bet. The extra bet is equal to 2.5 times your current bet. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Link&Win™ Link&Win™ feature is triggered when 6 to 14 Link&Win™ symbols land. Link&Win™ can be triggered in both base game and free spins. All triggering Link&Win™ symbols are locked on the reels. Respins have special reels with Link&Win™ symbols and blank positions only. Link&Win™ begins with 3 respins. Each unlocked position spins individually. All additional landed Link&Win™ symbols lock on the reels. If any additional Link&Win™ symbols land, the number of respins resets to 3. Each Link&Win™ symbol reveals a cash prize or a Jackpot. Link&Win™ ends when no respins remain or when 15 Link&Win™ symbols are locked on the reels. The Mega Jackpot is added to the sum of the prizes awarded on the Link&Win™ symbols. The Mini, Minor, and Major Jackpots are awarded for each Link&Win™ symbol they appear on. Filling the reels with 15 Link&Win™ symbols awards the Mega Jackpot. Link&Win™ symbols cannot be substituted by the Wild symbols. Free Spins 3 Scatters trigger 10 Free Spins. The centre 3 reels combine to form a 3 x 3 Jumbo Block. Landing a scatter Jumbo Block awards 10 additional free spins and 1 times total bet. The Link&Win™ Jumbo Block acts as 9 individual symbols. Win Booster™ state is the same as the spin that triggered Free Spins. Win Booster™ state cannot be changed during Free Spins. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. All lines played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Autoplay This feature is available in base game only. Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Spins are played at the current selected bet. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Plus button: Increases the bet value. Minus button: Decreases the bet value. Total Win: Displays the most recent total win. Balance: Displays the current balances. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Game Menu Game Rules button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Banking button: Displays the banking page. Home button: Exits the game. Close button: Closes the game menu. Translation of Game Terms Mini - Mini. Minor - Minor. Major - Major. Mega - Mega. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. The Return to Player is defined at different stages or modes of the game. Values are calculated initially by dividing the total possible payouts by the total possible outcomes that are available within the game. Values reflect the maximum expected return and do not change. Overall RTP: 94.08%. Win Booster™ enabled: 94.35%. The probability of triggering certain game events may change during gameplay depending on the current game state or progress. Last modification date: 3/15/2023