Silver Seas About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the paylines played. The initial bet is the number of coins multiplied by the coin size. Payline Rules This game includes 20 paylines. The number of paylines played is fixed. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Payline wins are awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. On a single payline if multiple winning combinations land, only the highest win is awarded. Payout Rules Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins, Free Spin symbol wins and Coin symbol wins resulting from a spin. The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. Disclaimer: The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Free Spin Symbol Payout Rules Free Spin symbol wins are multiplied by the total bet. Free Spin symbol wins are added to Coin symbol wins and line wins. Free Spin symbol win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. Free Spin symbols can create their own winning combination when landing anywhere on reels 2, 3 and 4. Coin Symbol Payout Rules Coin symbols can create their own winning combination when landing anywhere on the reels. Coin symbol wins are multiplied by the total bet. Coin symbol win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. Coin symbol wins are added to Free Spins symbol wins and line wins. Wild Symbols Wild symbols appear on all reels in the base game and in the Free Spins. Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except the Free Spin symbol and the Coin symbol. Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. Coin Symbol Three or more Coin symbols appearing anywhere on the reels pays out. Only the highest paying count of the Coin symbols is awarded. Coin symbols are Scatter symbols. Coin symbols appear on all reels in the base game and in the Free Spins. Free Spins Three Free Spin symbols appearing anywhere on reels 2, 3 or 4 awards the Free Spins Wheel feature. The wheel will spin once and award a single wedge containing a number of free spins and a multiplier. All line wins and Free Spin symbol wins during the free spins will be multiplied by the wheel multiplier. During Free Spins, the Coin symbol wins are not multiplied by the wheel multiplier. Three Free Spin symbols appearing anywhere on reels 2, 3 or 4 retriggers the feature. Retriggering will award additional free spins equal to the amount initially awarded and at the same multiplier value. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. All lines played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The Autoplay start button starts the Autoplay session based on your selected options. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. If any condition is met to stop the session, all AutoPlay settings return to default. If you are disconnected, AutoPlay will stop. All AutoPlay settings return to default when the game is reloaded. Autoplay Settings Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the cost of the next spin would decrease the balance by this amount. Single Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Play button: Continues the game. Fast Play Active Indicator: Indicates when Fast Play is active. Bet Up button: Increases the current bet up to the next highest available bet. Bet Down button: Decreases the current bet down to the next lowest available bet. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay start button: Starts Autoplay session. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Game Menu button: Displays the game settings and game payout table. Game Menu System Menu button: Displays additional system options. Help button: Displays help and additional information. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Bet button: Displays the bet options. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Return to Game button: Closes the Game Menu and returns to the base game. Bet Settings Coin Size: Sets the coin value. Coins Per Line: Sets the number of coins to bet per line. Game Settings Fast Play button: Toggle to turn Fast Play on or off to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Mute All Sounds button: Toggle to mute all game sounds. Background Music button: Toggle to turn background music on or off. Sound Effects button: Toggle to turn game sound effects on or off. Intro Screen button: Toggle to turn the game Intro Screen on or off. Left-Handed Mode button: Toggle to turn left-handed mode on or off. Additional Information In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The theoretical return to player (RTP) is 96.24% Last modification date: 7/27/2021