Wolf Prime Deluxe About this Game This is a 5 reel 4 row video slot game. This game includes 1024 ways. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Cash Collect This game features cash and jackpot prizes. Cash and jackpot prizes of differing values can land on any reel when a spin stops. Cash and jackpot prize symbols appear in the base game and Free Spins. Wolf symbols appear on reels 1 and 5 in the base game and Free Spins. Wolf symbols are cash and jackpot prize collection symbols only, and do not form winning payout combinations. When 1 Wolf symbol lands on the reels at the same time as any cash or jackpot prizes, all the prize amounts present will be collected and awarded once When 2 Wolf symbols land on the reels at the same time as any cash or jackpot prizes, all the prize amounts present will be collected and awarded twice. Cash prizes can appear in 3 size ranges on 3 different Moon Symbols : Moon Symbol 1 : Cash prizes between 0.2x - 1.0x bet amount. Moon Symbol 2 : Cash prizes between 1.5x - 3x bet amount. Moon Symbol 3 : Cash prizes between 5x - 10x bet amount. MEGA Jackpot Prize Symbol: Jackpot prize is 5000x bet amount. MAJOR Jackpot Prize Symbol: Jackpot prize is 250x bet amount. MINOR Jackpot Prize Symbol: Jackpot prize is 50x bet amount. MINI Jackpot Prize Symbol: Jackpot prize is 15x bet amount. During the base game, Scatter symbols and Gold Scatter symbols landing that do not trigger Free Spins, are added to the Gold Free Spins collection meter. Collecting 160 of any scatter symbol will fill the collection meter. When the Gold Free Spins collection meter is full only Gold Scatter symbols will appear on the reels. When Free Spins end the Gold Free Spins collection trail is reset. Multiplier Symbols Cash multipliers can land on reel 1. Cash multipliers can land in the base game and Free Spins. 2x, 3x, 5x, 8x, and 10x multipliers can land. Multipliers landing are only applied to cash prizes on the reels. Multipliers landing are applied to Free Spins multipliers for the current spin. Luna's Wild Leap This feature can occur in the base game or Free Spins. During any spin, Luna the wolf may leap and reveal cash prizes, or cash prizes and a cash multiplier before the reels stop. Luna may award a 2x, 3x, 5x, 8x, or 10x cash multiplier. Multipliers are applied to Free Spins multipliers for the current spin. 1 or 2 Wolf symbols must land to collect the cash prizes. Scatter Symbols Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Scatter wins are added to regular wins. Scatters pay in any position. Free Spins 3 or more Scatters trigger 10 Free Spins. 3 or more Gold Scatters trigger 10 Free Spins with 3 Wolf symbols pre-collected. During Free Spins Wolf symbols landing are collected in the Free Spins trail. Collecting 4 Wolf symbols unlocks a 2x cash prize multiplier and awards an additional 10 free spins. Collecting 8 Wolf symbols unlocks a 3x cash prize multiplier and awards an additional 10 free spins. Collecting 12 Wolf symbols unlocks a 10x cash prize multiplier and awards an additional 10 free spins. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. All ways played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Free Spins play out automatically. Free Spins cannot be retriggered. BONUS RECHARGE™ Feature BONUS RECHARGE™ offers you a chance to continue playing Free Spins when it is complete. You can continue playing at the cost displayed or end the Free Spins feature and return to the game. The cost displayed is based on the current game state after each offer. The offer includes the same conditions available in the Free Spins feature. The feature is played at the current bet. The feature is available in Free Spins only. The feature may be limited or made inaccessible while the bet exceeds a specified amount. The number of times you can continue playing is determined by your region. The feature may not be available in all regions. Wolf Prime Bonus Bonus symbols can land on any reel in the base game. When a Bonus symbol lands, it is collected to an empty slot below the reel. When all 5 slots have been filled, the Bonus game is triggered. During the Bonus an expanded Wolf symbol appears on reel 1. Reels 2-5 then spin and only Cash prizes and Trophy symbols will land. All landing Cash prizes are collected during the Bonus spins. Gold, Silver, Red and Blue Trophy symbols appear on the reels during the Bonus. Any landing Trophy symbol is collected below the reels. Spins continue until any 3 of a kind Trophy symbols are collected. In addition to all collected cash prizes, the matching coloured jackpot prize amount is awarded and the bonus game will end. On return to the base game the collected Bonus symbol slots below the reels are reset. Upsizer™ Feature Before Free Spins begins, you can purchase the pre-collection of 3 Wolf symbols for a fixed cost. The feature may be limited or made inaccessible while your bet exceeds a specified amount. The feature may not be available in all regions. Buy Feature Selecting the active Buy Bonus button will open the Buy feature. The Buy feature allows you to purchase immediate access to the Free Spins feature. When buying, the Free Spins feature will start with 10 spins and without any pre-collected Wolf symbols. The calculated purchase cost is displayed above the '✓' and 'X' buttons. Selecting '✓' will confirm your choice. Selecting the 'X' button will close the Buy feature. This feature is available in the base game only. The feature may be limited or made inaccessible while the bet exceeds a specified amount. The feature may not be available in all regions. Wild Symbols Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wilds substitute for all symbols except scatter, bonus, cash, jackpot and collect symbols. This symbol does not have a payout. Does not appear on reel 1. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the way cost of 10. Way Rules This game includes 1024 ways. A way is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs across the reels. Way wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other in this pattern. Payout Rules Way win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. If multiple winning combinations land on a single way, only the highest win is awarded. The total payout is the sum of all way wins, cash, jackpot and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Autoplay Some settings and features may not be available in this game. This feature is available in the base game only. Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Selecting an autoplay option button will set the number of spins and start Autoplay. AutoPlay plays with the last bet value you selected, so you must select a bet amount before starting AutoPlay. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Autoplay Options AutoPlay options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. Number of spins: Set the number of spins you want to play. Bet settings: Set the bet amount you want to play. Until stop: Set the session to play until you select to stop. This does not influence the results of the spin. Stop if a win exceeds or equals: Stop the session if the win exceeds or equals the amount selected. Win Limit or If win at least: Stop the session if the win exceeds or equals the amount selected. Loss Limit or If amount drops by: Stop the session if your balance decreases and drops below or equals the amount selected. Stop once all spins are complete: Stop after playing the number of spins selected. Stop on any win: Stop the session if you win on a spin. Stop if credits increase by: Stop the session if your balance increases and exceeds or equals the amount selected. Stop if credits decrease by: Stop the session if your balance decreases and drops below or equals the amount selected. Stop on a feature: Stops if Free Spins or another bonus feature is activated. Bet Settings Quick Bet: Displays a range of quick betting options to select your total bet amount. Advanced: (+) or (-) Selects the total amount you want to bet. Max Bet: Available in both Quick Bet and Advanced modes, places the maximum bet permitted. Bet options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Balance: Displays the current balances. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Game Menu Close button: Closes the game menu. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Banking button: Displays the banking page. Help button: Displays help and additional information. Home button: Exits the game. Game Settings Sounds: Enables game sounds. Quickspin: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of additional game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to accept the offer and begin playing. Only one offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the offer. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired, the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. This feature is only available in selected games. Translation of Game Terms COLLECT : COLLECT MEGA : MEGA MAJOR : MAJOR MINOR : MINOR MINI : MINI FREE SPINS : FREE SPINS Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. RTP: 94.2% Last modification date: 11/25/2025