The Bounty About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. This game is played with credits only. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. This value is fixed and does not change. This game has an RTP of 96.08%. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. Payline Rules This game includes 15 paylines. The number of paylines played is fixed. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payout Rules Coinciding wins on different paylines are added to the win. Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins resulting from a spin. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The Ambush Bonus and Bounty Jackpot Bonus symbols are called Bonus symbols. The Jackpot Poster, Golden Poster, Bullet and Dynamite symbols are called Special symbols. The Wild and the x2 Wild symbol replace all other symbols in the game except the Bonus and Special symbols. Each x2 Wild symbol doubles the win on a payline if the symbol is a part of the winning combination. Ambush Bonus Feature Ambush Bonus is a Free Spin feature. If 3 Ambush Bonus symbols land on the reels, the Ambush Bonus Feature is triggered. The Ambush Bonus symbols all land on reels 3, 4 and 5. 8 Free Spins are awarded The wins are multiplied by 2. If a Bullet symbol lands on a reel, an extra Free Spin is awarded. If a Dynamite symbol lands on a reel, an extra multiplier is awarded for the remaining spins. The x2 Wild symbol does not appear in the Ambush Bonus feature. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. The Free Spins are free to the player. Free Spins play out automatically. Free Spins cannot be retriggered. This feature can trigger in base game only. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Bounty Jackpot Bonus Feature Bounty Jackpot Bonus is a Free Spin feature. If the full Bounty Jackpot Bonus symbol lands on the reels, the Bounty Jackpot Bonus Feature is triggered. The Bounty Jackpot Bonus symbol lands on reel 5. 10 Free Spins are awarded 5 different jackpots can be won in Bounty Jackpot Bonus Feature. The jackpots are – in an order of increasing value – Mini, Minor, Maxi, Major and Grand. A jackpot can be won by collecting 6 Jackpot Poster symbols associated with the jackpot during the Bounty Jackpot Bonus Feature. Collecting more than 6 Jackpot Poster symbols has no further effect on the win. You collect a Jackpot Poster symbol by landing it on the reels. Golden Poster symbols double up the jackpot associated with the symbol. Each jackpot can be multiplied up to x4 the initial value. Golden Poster symbols act as Jackpot Poster symbols. Multiple jackpots can be won during Bounty Jackpot Bonus Feature. All jackpots can be won during the Bounty Jackpot Bonus Feature. Jackpots are awarded after the last Free Spin. The Wild, x2 Wild, Marshal, Deputy, Prospector and Renegade symbols do not appear in the Bounty Jackpot Bonus feature. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. The Free Spins are free to the player. Free Spins play out automatically. Free Spins cannot be retriggered. This feature can trigger in base game only. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Paytable button: Displays payout tables. Settings button: Displays the Game Settings. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Home button: Exits the game. Balance: Displays the current balances. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Game Settings Music: Enables game music. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Effects: Enables game sound effects. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Bet Settings Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Additional Information The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. The results of the last spin played are displayed. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Game Terminology THE BOUNTY = THE BOUNTY AMBUSH BONUS = AMBUSH BONUS BOUNTY JACKPOT BONUS = BOUNTY JACKPOT BONUS BOUNTY JACKPOT = BOUNTY JACKPOT JACKPOT = JACKPOT REVOLVER WIN = REVOLVER WIN DYNAMITE WIN = DYNAMITE WIN GOLD MINE WIN = GOLD MINE WIN FORTUNE WIN = FORTUNE WIN MINI = MINI MINOR = MINOR MAXI = MAXI MAJOR = MAJOR GRAND = GRAND SPIN = SPIN WILD = WILD x2 WILD = x2 WILD MARSHAL = MARSHAL DEPUTY = DEPUTY GHOST CANYON = GHOST CANYON The maximum win from a single game is €248.805. Last modification date: 1/7/2021