Golden Princess About Golden Princess Golden Princess is a five reel, twenty-five payline, and two hundred and fifty coin slot machine, with: A wild, multiplier symbol. A Free Spins bonus game. A Gamble feature. Game Payouts Winnings paid out on the slot machine are dependent on the symbols displayed on the payline, once the reels have come to a stop. Regular Payouts All payout tables display the number of coins that are won for each combination. The total number of coins paid out depends on the number of coins you play per payline. Regular wins are calculated by taking the number of coins won, multiplied by the number of coins played per payline. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size you select. For a combination of regular symbols to produce a winning regular combination, the following criteria must be met: The symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so at least one of the symbols must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. Free Spins Bonus Game Payouts You are awarded up to thirty free spins. Each Treasure symbol scattered anywhere on the reels awards a random multiplier value. You can win up to a 10x multiplier value. All the bets and paylines played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. The bonus game cannot be re-activated during the free spins. Gamble Feature Payouts A correct guess for the card colour doubles your win. A correct guess for the card suit quadruples your win. You can play your winnings until the gamble limit is reached. Game Rules Click the links for more information about the game rules. General Rules You can bet up to ten coins per payline. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. Wild, Multiplier Symbol Rules The Golden Princess symbol is a wild, multiplier symbol. Multiplies the payout of any combination it completes by a random multiplier. You can win a 2x or 3x multiplier. Does not substitute for the Treasure symbol. Does not create its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear in a line on an enabled payline. Does not substitute for the scatter symbol. Free Spins Bonus Game Rules Three or more Treasure symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Free Spins bonus game. You are awarded up to thirty free spins. The number of symbols that activated the bonus game indicates the number of free spins you win. During the free spins: Each Treasure symbol scattered anywhere on the reels awards a random multiplier value. You can win up to a 10x multiplier value. The Golden Princess symbol creates a wild symbol stack. All the bets and paylines played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. The bonus game cannot be re-activated during the free spins. Bonus game wins are added to regular wins. Winnings are automatically collected during the bonus game. Gamble Feature Rules Any win activates the Gamble feature. You can choose to play the feature or you can skip it and continue to play the regular game. However, the feature is not available if your win exceeds the gamble activation limit. A correct guess for the card colour doubles your win. A correct guess for the card suit quadruples your win. You can play your winnings until the gamble limit is reached. The gamble limit is set at an amount limit or five gambles per game. Winnings are automatically collected during the bonus game. Betting and Payout Rules Winnings are paid out on the highest combination on each enabled payline only. Bonus game wins are added to regular wins. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so at least one of the symbols must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out.The symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. All payout tables display the number of coins that are won for each combination. The total number of coins paid out depends on the number of coins you play per payline. All payouts are in coins. Regular wins are calculated by taking the number of coins won, multiplied by the number of coins played per payline. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size you select. The formula to calculate the conversion of your coins to credits is: number of coins x coin size played = amount in credits. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. Wild, Multiplier Symbol The Golden Princess symbol is a wild, multiplier symbol. This symbol: Multiplies the payout of any combination it completes by a random multiplier. You can win a 2x or 3x multiplier. Does not substitute for the Treasure symbol. Does not create its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear in a line on an enabled payline. Free Spins Bonus Game Three or more Treasure symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Free Spins bonus game. In this game: You are awarded up to thirty free spins. The number of symbols that activated the bonus game indicates the number of free spins you win. During the free spins: Each Treasure symbol scattered anywhere on the reels awards a random multiplier value. You can win up to a 10x multiplier value. The Golden Princess symbol creates a wild symbol stack. All the bets and paylines played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. The bonus game cannot be re-activated during the free spins. Gamble Feature Any win activates the Gamble feature. You can choose to play the feature or you can skip it and continue to play the regular game. However, the feature is not available if your win exceeds the gamble activation limit. In this feature: A correct guess for the card colour doubles your win. A correct guess for the card suit quadruples your win. You can play your winnings until the gamble limit is reached. The gamble limit is set at an amount limit or five gambles per game. Winnings are automatically collected during the feature. How do I play the Gamble feature? Click Gamble . Choose to gamble on the card colour or suit. If you guess correctly, you can choose to play again or collect your winnings. Playing the Game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form a winning combination on the payline. The payout is dependent on the winning combination formed. To play: Place a bet. How? Click the Bet button. Click the Coin Size arrows to increase or decrease the coin size you want to bet. Click the Coins arrows to increase or decrease the number of coins you want to bet. You can also click the Bet button arrows to select the number of coins you want to bet. Click the Lines arrows to select the number of paylines you want to play. Click Spin . The reels start spinning If you have a winning combination lined up on the payline, the win is highlighted on the reels. You are paid out the win amount as displayed in the Win box. Click Win to view the top five wins for your current game session. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 11/12/2020