Ascension Rise to Riches About this Game l This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. l Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Wild Symbols l Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. l Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Scatters. l Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. l Wild symbols are Wild symbols. Epic Strike™ Symbol l 3 or more Epic Strike™ symbols appearing anywhere on screen pays out. l Only the highest paying count of the Epic Strike™ symbols pays out. l Epic Strike™ symbol pays are calculated by multiplying by total bet. l Epic Strike™ symbol wins are added to line wins. l Epic Strike™ symbols cannot be substituted by the Wild symbols. l The Epic Strike™ symbol is a Scatter symbol. Free Spins l The Free Spins symbol is a Scatter symbol. l 3 Free Spins symbols pays out and triggers a spin of the Free Spins Wheel. l The wheel will spin once and award a single wedge containing a number of free spins and a multiplier. l All line wins and Free Spins symbol wins during Free Spins will be multiplied by the wheel multiplier. l During Free Spins, Epic Strike™ symbol wins are not multiplied by the wheel multiplier. l Free Spins can be retriggered. l Retriggering will grant additional free spins equal to the amount initially awarded and at the same multiplier level. l All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. l Free Spins symbols appear on reels 2, 3, and 4 only. l Free Spins symbol pays are calculated by multiplying by total bet. l Free Spins symbol wins are added to line wins. l Free Spins symbols cannot be substituted by the Wild symbols. l Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. l Free Spins play out automatically. Payline Rules l This game includes 20 paylines. l The number of paylines played is fixed. l A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. l A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. l Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Payout Rules l Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. l The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. l Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. l The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. l The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. l The total payout is the sum of all payline wins and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. Console l Balance Box displays your balances. l Bet Box displays your total bet amount per spin. l Win Box displays your most recent wins. Game Menu l Settings button: Displays the game settings. l Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. l Autoplay Button: displays the Autoplay settings. l Sounds: Enables game sounds. l Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. l Close button: Closes the game menu. l Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Bet Rules l The initial bet is the number of coins multiplied by the coin size. l The total bet is based on the initial bet placed on each payline played. l Each spin played costs a total bet amount. Bet Settings l Total Bet: sets the current bet value. l Coin Size: Sets the coin value. l Coins Per Line: Sets the number of coins to bet per line. l Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. l Max Bet button: Sets the current bet to the maximum value. l Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Game Controls l Spin button: Starts a reel spin. l Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. l Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. l Menu button: Displays additional game options. l Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. l Balance: Displays the current balances. l Bet: Displays the current total bet. l Win: Displays the most recent win. l Help button: Displays help and additional information. l Win History button: Displays win history information. l Some settings and features may not be available in this game. l A click or tap on the reels stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. l Exit button: Exits the game. Additional Information l The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. l The results of the last game played are displayed. l If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. l In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. l Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. l Malfunction voids all pays and plays. l Some settings and features may not be available in this game. l Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. Return to Player l The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. l This game has an RTP of 96.24%. l This value is fixed and does not change. Game Settings l Feature Screen Button: Enables display of the feature screen. l Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Last modification date: 9/20/2021