Stellar Stars About this Game This is a 5 reel 4 row video slot game. This game has 30 lines. It features Wild Collection, Stellar Wilds, Wild Respin, Bonus Wheel, Free Spins and Free Stellar Wilds. General Win on a line pays if the same symbol appears in succession on adjacent reels, from the leftmost to the rightmost position according to the PAYTABLE. Only the highest win per line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different lines are added. Multiple wins can be awarded per spin. It is not possible to trigger the Wild Respin within the Free Spins. Bonus Wheel, Free Spins or Wild Respin cannot be triggered simultaneously. Bonus Wheel can be triggered during base game and Free Spins. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Wild symbols Wild symbols appear in base game and Wild Respins only. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Free Spins symbols and Bonus symbols. Wild symbols substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a line according to the PAYTABLE. Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. Wild symbols Collection Every Wild that lands is collected to the Wild Collection meter. When the meter is full, 1 Stellar Wild is added to the Wild Counter and the meter resets to 0. The Wild Counter cannot collect more than 9 Stellar Wilds in the base game. In the Free Spins more Stellar Wilds can be awarded from the Bonus Wheel feature. Wild Respin feature trigger Collecting 1 or more Wild symbols scattered on a screen gives a random chance at triggering the Wild Respin feature. This feature is available in base game only. Only the Wild symbols collected on the current spin contribute towards a chance of triggering the Wild Respin feature. Wild Respin feature During the Wild Respin feature, the amount of Stellar Wilds collected in the Wild Counter is distributed randomly on the reels. Stellar Wilds can also land on top of each other and turn into Multiplier Wilds increasing the Multiplier by 1. The maximum Multiplier is x5. Wins containing a Multiplier Wild are multiplied by this Multiplier. Wins containing more than one Multiplier Wild are multiplied by the product of the Multipliers. Wild symbols can land on the reels during Wild Respin feature, which can be collected and added to the Wild Collection. Wild symbols cannot land on the same positions where Stellar Wilds have been placed. A Wild Respin feature cannot be triggered within a Wild Respin feature. There are no Free Spins symbols or Bonus symbols on the reels during Wild Respin feature. Bonus Wheel Bonus Wheel is triggered by 2 Bonus symbols. Bonus symbols appear anywhere on reels 1 and 5 only. The Bonus Wheel consists of a wheel divided into segments. Each segment is associated with a different prize. You win one of the prizes depending on where the Bonus Wheel stops. The possible prizes within the base game Bonus Wheel are: Random cash prizes 2x, 3x, 5x, 8x, 15x, 50x, 100x, 250x, 750x, 5000x bet. 7, 10 or 15 Free Spins. +25 Wilds to the Wild Collection meter. After 9 Stellar Wilds are collected, the +25 Wilds prize is replaced with 10 Free Spins prize. The possible prizes in the Free Spins Bonus Wheel are: Random cash prizes 2x, 3x, 5x, 8x, 15x, 50x, 500x, 5000x bet. 2, 3, 5, 7 additional Free Spins. 1, 2, 3 additional Stellar Wilds to the Wild Counter. The feature ends when the wheel stops on a random segment, awarding a prize. Free Spins Free Spins symbols appear anywhere on reels 1, 3 and 5 in the base game only. Land 3 Free Spins symbols to trigger 7 Free Spins. 7, 10 or 15 Free Spins can be awarded from the Bonus Wheel feature. The amount of Stellar Wilds collected in the Wild Counter is randomly distributed on the reels for each spin. Stellar Wilds can also land on top of each other and turn into Multiplier Wilds increasing the Multiplier by 1. The maximum Multiplier is x5. Wins containing a Multiplier Wild are multiplied by this Multiplier. Wins containing more than one Multiplier Wild are multiplied by the product of the Multipliers. When Bonus symbols land in the same position as Stellar Wilds, both symbols are active. All bets and lines played are the same as the spin that triggered the feature. When the feature ends, the Stellar Wilds amount in the Wild Counter is reset to 0. Free Stellar Wilds feature Upon returning from Free Spins, the Free Stellar Wilds feature is awarded. There are 3 objects available for selection, the player can only choose 1. The picked object reveals a random prize: 2, 3, 4 or 5 Stellar Wilds to the Wild Counter. The feature ends when the prize is awarded. Game Terms Translations The following list is only applicable in a language other than English FREE SPIN / FREE SPINS - FREE SPIN / FREE SPINS FREE STELLAR WILDS - FREE STELLAR WILDS 30 LINES - 30 LINES WILD / WILDS - WILD / WILDS STELLAR WILD / STELLAR WILDS - STELLAR WILD / STELLAR WILDS WILD COUNTER - WILD COUNTER MULTIPLIER / MULTIPLIERS - MULTIPLIER / MULTIPLIERS RESPIN / RESPINS - RESPIN / RESPINS BONUS - BONUS BONUS WHEEL - BONUS WHEEL PICK - PICK MAX - MAX BIG WIN - BIG WIN MEGA WIN - MEGA WIN EPIC WIN - EPIC WIN JUST FOR THE WIN - JUST FOR THE WIN Game Controls Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Spin button: Start the game with the current bet size as displayed in the bet field. Pressing anywhere on the reels or the Spin button during a spin displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button: Select a number of spins to auto play by selecting a value. Start and stop the Autoplay by pressing the spin button. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Balance field: Displays the current account balance. Bet field: Displays the current bet size. Total and Win field: Displays the pay in a winning round. Game Menu Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Sound button: Turn sound on or off. Autoplay button: Select a number of spins to auto play by selecting a value. Start and stop the Autoplay by pressing the spin button. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Banking button: Navigate to the Banking pages. Lobby button: Navigate back to the lobby. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued.