Treasure Ireland About this Game This is a 5 reel 4 row video slot game. Additional rows can be activated. Up to 6 rows can be activated in Free Spins. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Payline Rules A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. The number of paylines played is variable depending on rows activated. This game includes 20 paylines in base game, and up to 30 paylines in Free Spins. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. Payout Rules The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins resulting from a spin. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. Wild Symbols Wilds appear on any reel in the base game and Free Spins. Compass Wilds are sticky Wilds that appear in base game only. The Wild symbol can substitute for all symbols except the Compass and Scatter symbols. Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. Scatter Symbols The Bonus symbol is a scatter symbol. This symbol does not have a payout. Scatters appear in base game only. Scatters can land on Compass Wilds. Scatters are visible through the Compass Wilds. When Scatters land on Compass Wilds, both symbols will appear split in half in the Game History. Compass Meter Compass symbols appear in the base game. Each reel in the base game has a Compass Meter below it. Each Compass symbol that lands is added to the respective Compass Meter. Land 4 Compass symbols on a reel to fill the Compass Meter and activate Compass Wild on that reel. When Compass Wild is activated, on the next spin, sticky Compass Wilds fill that reel. On every subsequent spin, the Compass Wilds reduce by 1 position on the reel. As the Compass Wilds reduce, the respective Compass Meter adjusts until reset. Compass symbols do not land on Compass Wild reels. Free Spins can be triggered during Compass Wild. Compass Meter and Compass Wilds progress are saved per bet. Win Breaker™ Chase Land 2 Scatters to add 1 token to the Win Breaker™ Meter. The current Win Breaker™ value is shown on the left boat on the Win Breaker™ Meter. Collect 25 tokens to fill the Win Breaker™ Meter and reach the new Win Breaker™ value on the right boat. Reaching a new Win Breaker™ value, increases the next Win Breaker™ value by 10. The minimum Win Breaker™ value is x10. There is no maximum Win Breaker™ value. The Win Breaker™ Meter resets when a new Win Breaker™ value is reached. The Win Breaker™ value resets when used in Free Spins. The Win Breaker™ Meter progress is saved per bet. Nudging Scatter Respin Land 2 Scatters on the top 3 rows to trigger the Nudging Scatter Respin. Any reels with a Scatter will be held and nudge down 1 row. As the Scatters nudge down, they leave Wild symbols above them. Other reels without a Scatter will respin. The feature ends when a Scatter reaches the bottom row or 5 Scatters land on the reels. Nudging Scatter Respin cannot be triggered on a Compass Wild reel. Free Spins is triggered if 3 or more Scatters lands during the feature. Free Spins Land 3, 4 or 5 Scatters to trigger an unlimited number of Free Spins. Scatters trigger Free Spins with 1x current Win Breaker™ value. Scatters trigger Free Spins with 1.5x current Win Breaker™ value. Scatters trigger Free Spins with 2x current Win Breaker™ value. The awarded Win Breaker™ value is set as the Win Breaker™ limit. Treasure Chest symbols appear in Free Spins only. Land a Treasure Chest symbol to reveal either a Clover or nothing. Revealing a Clover will spin the Bonus Wheel. The Bonus Wheel will award one of the following: This award removes all low symbols for the remaining Free Spins. This awards a cash prize of 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 8x or 10x bet. This award increases the Win Breaker™ limit by 1, 2, 5 or 10. This awards an extra life that allows the Win Breaker™ limit to be broken without ending the bonus. This award expands the reel height by 1, up to 6 rows. Expanded reel height resets at the end of the feature. MINI, MINOR, MAJOR or GRAND Jackpot can also be awarded. The Treasure Chest symbol leaves behind sticky Wilds that remain until the feature ends. Free Spins play out automatically until the Win Breaker™ limit is reached in a single spin. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Buy Feature Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Purchase Free Spins with either a x10, x30 or x60 Win Breaker™ value. The current Win Breaker™ value is not used when purchasing Free Spins. Activating this feature will instantly trigger the Free Spins feature. Free Spins is purchased at the price displayed at current bet. Press the Close button to return to the base game. This feature is available in base game only. Autoplay Some settings and features may not be available in this game. This feature is available in base game only. Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Spins are played at the current selected bet. Game Controls Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Plus button: Increases the bet value. Minus button: Decreases the bet value. Buy Feature button: Displays the option to purchase the Free Spins feature. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Balance: Displays the current balances. Total: Displays the most recent total win. Game Menu Close button: Closes the game menu. Banking button: Displays the banking page. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Help button: Displays help and additional information. Home button: Exits the game. Translation of Game Terms Grand - Grand. Major - Major. Minor - Minor. Mini - Mini. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Depending on the game you are playing, the RTP value may be defined as a single value or defined by the different stages or modes of the game. Values are calculated initially by dividing the total payouts by the total bets from a simulation of numerous game rounds. Values reflect the maximum expected return and do not change. RTP: 94.14%. RTP with Buy Feature at x10 Win Breaker™ value: 94.04%. RTP with Buy Feature at x30 Win Breaker™ value: 94.09%. RTP with Buy Feature at x60 Win Breaker™ value: 94.14%. The probability of triggering certain game events may change during gameplay depending on the current game state or progress. Last modification date: 1/3/2024