African Legends About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Way Rules This game includes 243 ways. A way is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other in this pattern. Way wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the way cost of 25. The initial bet is the number of coins multiplied by the coin size. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the ways played. Payout Rules If multiple winning combinations land on a single way, all wins are awarded. Way win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The total payout is the sum of all way wins resulting from a spin. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Wild Symbol Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a way combination. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols. Wild Blast™ Feature This feature has a chance to trigger during a normal spin in base game only. This feature will add up to 5 random Wild symbols on screen and can replace any symbol. This feature will not trigger during or at the end of the Rolling Reels™ feature. Rolling Reels™ Feature This feature can trigger in base game and Free Spins. This feature triggers after any ways win. Winning symbols are removed from the reels and the symbols above move into the empty spaces. If new winning combinations are formed, the feature triggers again. The feature continues until no winning combinations are present on the reels. This feature includes a Multiplier Trail in base game only. The win multiplier value increases on every consecutive trigger. The Multiplier Trail resets when all rolls are complete. The multiplier starts at 1x, and can increase up to 10x. The multipliers are 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 8x, 10x. In base game, consecutive rolls award special features. Features are awarded once Rolling Reels™ is complete. Free Spins 4, 5, 6 or 7 rolls trigger 12, 15, 18 or 20 Free Spins with 5x, 6x, 8x or 10x multiplier respectively. The triggering base game multiplier is awarded. Free Spins play out automatically. Free Spins cannot be retriggered. All ways played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Progressive Jackpot Feature 8 or more rolls trigger the Progressive Jackpot. This feature can trigger in base game only. The Major progressive jackpot starts at 50 000 credits. This feature and Free Spins cannot be triggered simultaneously. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Progressive Jackpot Rules Progressive jackpots are only available to real players. A progressive jackpot is a constantly accumulating prize funded by a percentage of player wagers. The current value of the progressive jackpot is displayed in the game. When the progressive jackpot is won, all players worldwide are notified and the jackpot resets to the starting value. All progressive winnings are subject to final confirmation by the casino and the software supplier. Their decision is final and no correspondence will be entered into. The casino has taken every possible precaution to ensure that the progressive value displayed in the game matches the value on the casino server. The progressive jackpot value on the server is used when the progressive jackpot is paid out. The casino management and software supplier have the right to change or amend any of these rules and regulations at their discretion. If the casino management and software supplier waiver any of these rules and regulations, this does not mean they will automatically be waived in the future. Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Balance: Displays the casino balances. Win: Displays the most recent win. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Spin Settings button: Displays additional spin options. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Game Menu Menu button: Displays additional game options. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Home button: Exits the game. Game Settings Quickspin: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Bet Settings Coin Size: Sets the coin value. Coins Bet: Sets the number of coins to bet. Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Autoplay Settings Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Save AutoPlay Settings: Saves the settings applied to bet, number of spins, win limit and loss limit for the AutoPlay session. Additional Information Malfunctions void all pays and plays. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The casino balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last spin played are displayed. If a spin request does not reach the casino server before disconnection, the results of the previous spin played are displayed. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. This value is fixed and does not change. This game has an RTP of 94.22%. The Progressive Jackpot contribution is an additional 0.70%. The maximum win from a single game is £30,000. Last modification date: 11/3/2020