Cosmic Coins About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Bet Rules The initial bet is the current total bet pided by the number of paylines played. Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the paylines played. Payline Rules This game includes 20 fixed paylines. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Payout Rules Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. Wins are multiplied by the total bet. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Wild Symbols Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Free Spins and Cosmic Coin Symbols. Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. Cosmic Coin Symbol Cosmic Coin Symbols are Scatter symbols. Epic Strike™ wins are awarded if at least 3 Cosmic Coin Symbols land on the reels. Epic Strike™ wins are multiplied by the total bet. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. Scatter wins are added to line wins. Free Spins 3 Free Spins Symbols on reels 2, 3, and 4 trigger the Free Spins wheel. The wheel will spin once and award a single wedge containing a number of Free Spins and a line win Multiplier. The Free Spins wheel awards 10, 12, 15, 20, 25 or 30 spins at a x2 or x3 line win Multiplier. 3 Free Spins Symbols award 1x the bet. 3 Free Spins Symbols on reels 2, 3, and 4 retrigger the feature. The amount of Free Spins and the Multiplier value awarded is the same as the wheel spin at the beginning of the Free Spins. Free Spins play out automatically. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. All lines played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. All line wins and Free Spins Symbol wins during this feature will be multiplied by the line win Multiplier. During this feature, Epic Strike™ wins are not multiplied by the line win Multiplier. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. This feature is available in base game only. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. When all Autoplay rounds are played, 3 options are presented: "START" starts the same number of Autoplay rounds with the same settings, "MORE" opens the Autoplay settings, "X" closes the feature. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Bet Settings Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Help button: Displays help and additional information. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Balance: Displays the current balances. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Game Menu Home button: Exits the game. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Banking button: Displays the banking page. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Menu button: Toggles the game menu. Game Settings Push spacebar to spin: enables or disables this option. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Translation of Game Terms Big Win = Big Win Mega Win = Mega Win Super Win = Super Win Wild = Wild Free Spins = Free Spins Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the default reel positions are displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the default reel positions are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Depending on the game you are playing, the RTP value may be defined as a single value or defined by the different stages or modes of the game. Values are calculated initially by piding the total payouts by the total bets from a simulation of numerous game rounds. Values reflect the maximum expected return and do not change. RTP: 94.06%. Last modification date: 12/4/2023