Iron County Outlaw About this Game This is a 5 reel 4 row video slot game. Up to 6 reels, 4 rows can be activated. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. This game includes 30 fixed paylines. Payout Rules If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins resulting from a spin. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Payline Rules A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. This game includes 30 fixed paylines. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the payline cost of 20. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the paylines played. Coin Subsymbol & Collection Land a Wild symbol to collect all Coins on screen. Collect 30 Coins to change all Wilds to stacked Wilds. Collect 60 Coins to change stacked Wilds to Multiplier Wilds. Collect 90 Coins to change stacked Multiplier Wilds to stacked Locked Multiplier Wilds.. Only Wilds and High Paying symbols will appear on the 6th reel. Collection and the Wild upgrade will occur before the win evaluation. Coins may appear on any symbol except any stacked Wild. Collection is stored per bet level. Wild Symbols Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except the Coin subsymbol. This symbol can appear stacked on the reels. This symbol does not have a payout. Random Multiplier Wild Wilds multiply wins when substituting for other symbols. The multipliers are 2x, 3x or 5x. Locked Multiplier Wild The Wild always lands in a full stack. The Wild awards a random multiplier. The random multipliers are 2x, 3x or 5x. After a winning spin with the Wild, the Wild will stay on screen until a loss occurs. If the win occurs with the Wild, the multiplier increases by 1 on the next spin. The maximum multiplier is 10x. The Locked Multiplier Wild is stored per bet level. Replace Feature The Replace Feature takes a losing spin and guarantees a win. A losing spin with a Wild may award this feature. All symbols are removed except the Wild symbol. Wilds that are not stacked will drop to the bottom of the reel. Only High Paying Symbols will drop in. A win is guaranteed with at least 1 High Paying symbol combination. Game Controls Credits: Displays the current balances. Bet: Sets the current bet value. Win: Displays the most recent win. Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Spins are played at the current selected bet. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Selecting the game screen can stop the spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Hold to Turbo Spin: Hold the spin button to enable Turbo Spin. Turbo Spin ends when the spin button is lifted. This does not influence the results of the spin. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Home button: Exits the game. Help button: Displays help and additional information. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Spins are played at the current selected bet. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. This feature is available in base game only. Game Settings Quickspin: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Left-Handed Mode button: Enables left-handed mode. Music: Enables game music. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Startup Screen button: Enables game advertisement on game load. Bet Settings Bet Value buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Max Bet button: Sets the current bet to the maximum value. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Reels are retained by bet. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Last modification date: 2/21/2024