Guardians of the Pyramids About this Game ´üČ This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. ´üČ The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. ´üČ Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. ´üČ Way wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. ´üČ In UltraWaysÔäó, symbols can be displayed as singles, doubles or quads. ´üČ Double symbols double the win value. ´üČ Quad symbols double the win value and extends the length of win by 1. Bet Rules ´üČ Each spin played costs a total bet amount. Way Rules ´üČ A way is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs across the reels. ´üČ A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other in this pattern. ´üČ Way wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. ´üČ This game includes over 60,000,000 ways. Scatter Symbols ´üČ Pyramid symbols are Scatter symbols. ´üČ Scatters appear on reels 1, 3 and 5. ´üČ This symbol does not have a payout. ´üČ Pyramid symbols appear in base game only. Mystery Scarab ´üČ Mystery Scarab symbols can land as a single, double or quad symbol. ´üČ Landing a Mystery Scarab symbol triggers the Mystery Scarab feature. ´üČ Mystery Scarab symbols transform into paying single, double or quad symbols. ´üČ Mystery Scarab symbols do not transform into Pyramid and Wild symbols. ´üČ This feature is available in the base game and Guardian Free Spins. Wild Mummies ´üČ Wild Mummies are randomly awarded by the Pyramid at the end of a spin. ´üČ Random single, double and quad symbols are replaced with Wild symbols. ´üČ Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a way combination. ´üČ Wild Mummies are available in the base game only. ´üČ Wilds substitute for all symbols except the Scatter symbol. Super Symbol Split ´üČ This bonus is randomly awarded at the end of a spin. ´üČ Random symbols will split into a double or a quad. ´üČ In the base game, this bonus is awarded by the Pyramid. ´üČ During the Guardian Free Spins, this bonus is awarded by the Guardian. ´üČ Wild Mummies cannot be awarded with the Super Symbol Split feature. ´üČ Any symbol can be split during the bonus except the Pyramid symbol. Guardian Free Spins ´üČ Land 3 Scatter symbols on reels 1, 3 and 5 to trigger 5 Guardian Free Spins. ´üČ Every spin is a guaranteed win. ´üČ A random multiplier up to x10 is awarded on every spin. ´üČ The Guardian may award extra Guardian Spins at the end of a spin. ´üČ Up to 5 extra Guardian Spins can be awarded during Guardian Free Spins. ´üČ Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. ´üČ All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. ´üČ Free Spins play out automatically. Buy Feature ´üČ Activating this feature will instantly trigger the Guardian Free Spins feature. ´üČ Press BUY to activate the Buy feature. ´üČ Press CANCEL to return to the base game. ´üČ Guardian Free Spins is purchased at the price displayed at current bet. ´üČ The feature is played at the current bet. ´üČ This feature is available in base game only. ´üČ Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Autoplay ´üČ This feature is available in base game only. ´üČ Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. ´üČ Number of Plays: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. ´üČ Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. ´üČ Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. ´üČ The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. ´üČ Spins are played at the current selected bet. ´üČ Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Game Controls ´üČ Spin button: Starts a reel spin. ´üČ Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. ´üČ Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. ´üČ Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. ´üČ Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. ´üČ Menu button: Displays additional game options. ´üČ Sounds: Enables game sounds. ´üČ Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. ´üČ Bet: Displays the current total bet. ´üČ Plus button: Increases the bet value. ´üČ Minus button: Decreases the bet value. ´üČ Buy Feature button: Displays the option to purchase the Guardian Free Spins feature. ´üČ Total Win: Displays the most recent total win. ´üČ Balance: Displays the current balances. ´üČ Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Game Menu ´üČ Game Rules button: Displays payout tables and game rules. ´üČ Banking button: Displays the banking page. ´üČ Home button: Exits the game. ´üČ Close button: Closes the game menu. Additional Information ´üČ In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. ´üČ The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. ´üČ The results of the last game played are displayed. ´üČ If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. ´üČ Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. ´üČ Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. ´üČ The win over value is achieved from the cumulative winnings of an entire Free Spins session. ´üČ Some settings and features may not be available in this game. ´üČ Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Return to Player ´üČ The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. ´üČ Values are calculated initially by piding the total payouts by the total bets from a simulation of numerous game rounds. ´üČ Values reflect the maximum expected return and do not change. ´üČ The Return to Player is defined at different stages or modes of the game. ´üČ Overall RTP: 94.04%. ´üČ Buy feature RTP: 93.57%. ´üČ The probability of triggering certain game events may change during gameplay depending on the current game state or progress. Last modification date: 12/7/2022