NBA Gold About this Game This is a 5 reel, 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form winning combinations. The payout is dependent on the winning combinations formed. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Playing the Game The balance is displayed in currency and is available in the console bar. Select the spin button to spin the reels. Select the stop button to stop the current reel spin. This can also be done by selecting the reels. This does not influence the results of the spin. Once the reels stop, winning combinations are highlighted. The win amount is displayed in the win box. If there is no winning combination, the game is completed. Payline Rules The number of paylines played is fixed A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. This game includes 25 paylines. To calculate the Line Bet, divide the Total Bet by the number of fixed paylines. All line wins are multiplied by the bet per line. Payout Rules The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. Wild Symbols The Wild symbol is a wild symbol. The Wild symbol can substitute for all symbols except the Link&Win™ symbols and Scatter symbols. The Wild symbols can appear on any reel. Scatter Symbols The Scatter symbol is a scatter symbol. Scatter symbols appear on reels 2, 3, and 4 only. 3 Scatter symbols landing on the base reels trigger Free Spins and pay 1 times total bet. Scatters pay in any position. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Scatter symbol wins are added to line wins. In the event of a Scatter symbol win and a line win, both wins are paid out, as the Scatter symbol does not need to appear on a payline to win. Scatter symbols cannot be substituted by the Wild symbols. Win Booster™ Rules Win Booster™ adds additional Link&Win™ symbols to base reels increasing the chance of triggering the Link&Win™ feature. You can choose to activate or deactivate the Win Booster™ in the base game. The boosted bet consists of your current bet plus an extra bet. The extra bet is equal to 1.5 times your current bet. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Link&Win™ Link&Win™ feature is triggered when 6 to 14 Link&Win™ symbols land. Link&Win™ can be triggered in both base game and free spins. All triggering Link&Win™ symbols are locked on the reels. Respins have special reels with Link&Win™ symbols and blank positions only. Link&Win™ begins with 3 respins. Each unlocked position spins individually. All additional landed Link&Win™ symbols lock on the reels. If any additional Link&Win™ symbols land, the number of respins resets to 3. Each Link&Win™ symbol reveals a cash prize or a Jackpot. Link&Win™ ends when no respins remain or when 15 Link&Win™ symbols are locked on the reels. The Mega Jackpot is added to the sum of the prizes awarded on the Link&Win™ symbols. The Mini, Minor, and Major Jackpots are awarded for each Link&Win™ symbol they appear on. Filling the reels with 15 Link&Win™ symbols awards the Mega Jackpot. Link&Win™ symbols cannot be substituted by the Wild symbols. Free Spins 3 Scatters trigger 10 Free Spins. The centre 3 reels combine to form a 3 x 3 Jumbo Block. Landing a scatter Jumbo Block awards 10 additional free spins and 1 times total bet. The Link&Win™ Jumbo Block acts as 9 individual symbols. Win Booster™ state is the same as the spin that triggered Free Spins. Win Booster™ state cannot be changed during Free Spins. All bets during Free Spins are the same as the triggering spin. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. A bet amount must be set before starting the Autoplay session, as Autoplay plays with the last bet value. Autoplay can be stopped at any time. This does not influence the results of the spin. Triggering any feature will stop Autoplay. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Bet Selection Each spin played costs a total bet amount. Select the bet on a mobile device by selecting Bet in the console bar or by selecting the Bet icon. Select the bet in desktop with the Increment and Decrement icons on the console bar. Also, select the bet from the Main Menu using the Bet icon, or by selecting the bet area. Settings The Settings panel provides access to multiple game settings. To access the Settings panel, open the Main Menu and select the Settings icon. Choose which settings to turn on or off. Quick Spin setting increases the speed of the slot reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. All Sounds setting controls all sounds, including game and background sounds. Game Sounds setting controls console and spin sounds, as well as sounds for winning combinations and sequences. (Only enabled if All Sounds is ON.) Background Music setting controls background music. (Only enabled if All Sounds is ON.) Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued.