Lucky Twins 5x 4Tune Reels About this Game This game includes up to 4 slot games that can be played simultaneously. Each slot game has 5 reels and 3 rows. Each slot game includes 9 fixed paylines. Each slot game is numbered. You can select the number of slot games you want to play simultaneously in the base game only. The deselected slot games still simulate play. No payouts apply for any winning combinations formed. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. General Bet and Payout Rules The number of credits bet per payline is your total bet per spin divided by the number of paylines. The total bet amount is distributed equally across the selected slot games. The total bet scales with the number of slot games selected. All paylines are permanently enabled for every spin. All paytables display the payout for each symbol combination based on your current bet. All payouts are based on your bet per payline. Only one regular winning combination is paid out per payline and you are paid out the value of the highest win. Only one scatter winning combination is paid out per spin and you are paid out the value of the highest win. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. If you have a winning combination, the win is highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. Regular symbols Regular symbols are all symbols on the reels that do not have a bonus feature but complete regular winning combinations on an enabled payline. Matching regular symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, starting from the first slot reel. Regular payouts depend on your bet per payline. Wild, multiplier symbol This symbol substitutes for other symbols to complete wins. This symbol does not substitute for the scatter symbol. This symbol creates its own winning combination. This symbol multiplies the payout of any combination it completes as a wild symbol by 5x. During free spins, this symbol’s multiplier and the free spins multiplier award a total of 25x. Scatter symbol This symbol does not need to appear on adjacent reels to complete a win. This symbol cannot be substituted by the wild, multiplier symbol. This symbol creates its own winning combination with 2 symbols only. There are no payouts for any scatter winning combinations during the free spins. Scatter payouts depend on your total bet. Free spins Three or more scatter symbols scattered on the reels triggers the free spins. You can trigger free spins on one or more of the slot games. You are awarded up to 100 free spins. You only play on one slot game with 5 reels, 3 rows and 9 fixed paylines. All wins are awarded at 5x your bet. A wild, multiplier win and the free spins multiplier awards a total of 25x. For each scatter symbol displayed on the reels, you are awarded an additional free spin. Free spins cannot be retriggered. The bet allocation is the same as a single slot game in the base game. Winnings are automatically collected during this feature. Autoplay Autoplay enables you to automatically play a set number of consecutive games without interacting with the game. Autoplay plays with the last bet value you selected, so you must select a bet amount before starting Autoplay. You can select the number of spins you want to play. The number of spins remaining in your Autoplay session is displayed in the game. You can choose to stop Autoplay at any time during the session. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Change my bet amount Options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. Bet button: Displays your bet options. Bet Size: Places the total bet amount you want to bet per spin. Quick bet: Displays a range of quick betting options to select your total bet amount. Max Bet: Places the maximum bet permitted. Game Controls Options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. Credits box: Displays your balances. Win box: Displays your most recent wins. Bet box: Displays your total bet amount per spin. Bet button: Displays your bet options. Spin button: Starts your game. Stop button: Displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Hold Spin button: Hold the Spin button to enable Turbo Spin. Turbo Spin ends when the Spin button is lifted. This does not influence the results of the spin. Spin Speed button: Adjusts the spin speed to Normal, Quick Spin, or Turbo Spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Spacebar: Press your keyboard spacebar to start or stop a reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Spacebar: Holding this keyboard button starts Turbo Spin. Turbo Spin stops when the spacebar is lifted. This does not influence the result of the spin. Autoplay button: Displays the Autoplay options. Select and hold the Spin button to activate Autoplay. Autoplay Stop button: Displays the number of spins remaining and can stop the session. This does not influence the results of the spin. Reel Set Selector: Select and deselect the number of slot games played simultaneously. Menu button: Displays the game settings and game paytable. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. The win over value is achieved from the cumulative winnings of an entire Free Spins session. Last modification date: 2/11/2025