Game of Thrones Power Stacks About this Game l This is a 5 reel 4 row video slot game. l Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. l The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Payline Rules l This game includes 40 paylines. l A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. l A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. l Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. l The number of paylines played is fixed. Bet Rules l Each spin played costs a total bet amount. l The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the payline cost of 20. l The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the paylines played. Payout Rules l Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. l The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. l If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. l The total payout is the sum of all payline wins and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. l The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. l The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Wild Symbols l Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. l Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Scatter and Coin symbols. l Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. l Wild symbols are stacked in Free Spins. Scatter Symbols l Scatters can create their own winning combination when landing anywhere on the reels. l Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. l This symbol appears in base game only. Power Stacks™ Feature l This feature triggers on every normal spin in base game and Free Spins. l This feature reveals a symbol that has a chance to be stacked for that spin. l All symbols except Scatters and Wilds can be power stacked. Link ™ Feature l 6 or more Coin symbols anywhere on the reels trigger this feature. l 3 free respins are awarded. l Triggering Coin symbols are held in place while all other symbol positions respin. l Any additional Coins that land are held, and reset the remaining respins to 3. l Each Coin displays a random multiplier value. l The multiplier values allocated are 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 8x, 10x, 12x, 15x. l The Valyrian prize awards a 2500x multiplier value. l The Gold prize awards a 500x multiplier value. l The Silver prize awards a 100x multiplier value. l The Bronze prize awards a 20x multiplier value. l All Coin prizes are shown pre-multiplied by 2x in Free Spins. l The prize values displayed are multiplied by the total bet. l Filling all 20 symbol positions will award the Valyrian prize. l All Coin prizes are awarded at the end of the feature. l The feature ends when either no respins remain or when the 20 symbol positions are filled. l All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered the feature. Free Spins l 3, 4 or 5 Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels trigger 15 Free Spins. l All wins are multiplied 2x. l Free Spins cannot be retriggered. l Free Spins play out automatically. l Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. l All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Game Controls l Spin button: Starts a reel spin. l Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. l Balance: Displays the current balances. l Win: Displays the most recent win. l Bet: Displays the current total bet. l Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. l Spin Settings button: Displays additional spin options. l Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. l Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. l Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Game Menu l Menu button: Displays additional game options. l Close button: Closes the game menu. l Settings button: Displays the game settings. l Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. l Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. l Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. l Banking button: Displays the banking page. l Home button: Exits the game. Game Settings l Quickspin: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. l Sounds: Enables game sounds. Bet Settings l Coin Size: Sets the coin value. l Coins Per Line: Sets the number of coins to bet per line. l Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Additional Information l Malfunction voids all pays and plays. l Some settings and features may not be available in this game. l In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. l The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. l The results of the last game played are displayed. l If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. l Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. Translation of Game Terms l Valyrian : Valyrian l Gold : Gold l Silver : Silver l Bronze : Bronze Return to Player l The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. l This value is fixed and does not change. l This game has an RTP of 96.20%. Last modification date: 9/1/2021