BetMGM Roaring Cash Link and Win About this Game This is a 5 reel 4 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the ways played. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the way cost of 20. Way Rules This game includes 1024 ways. A way is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other in this pattern. Way wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Payout Rules Way win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. Wins are multiplied by the total bet. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed The total payout is the sum of all way wins resulting from a spin. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. If multiple winning combinations land on a single way, only the highest win is awarded. Wild Symbols Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Scatters and Bonus symbols. Scatter Symbols This symbol does not have a payout. This symbol appears on reels 1, 3, and 5 only. Free Spins 3 Scatter symbols on reels 1, 3, and 5 trigger the Free Spins wheel. The wheel will spin once and award a single wedge containing a number of spins. 10-30 Free Spins are awarded. The results of the wheel spin may be gambled to potentially win a greater number of Free Spins. If the gamble is won, the result of the spin may be gambled again. If the gamble is lost, the Mystery Wheel may be spun to win an instant prize. The Mystery Wheel then awards one of the following prizes: 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 35, 40, 45, 50, or 100 times total bet. The gamble feature may not be available in this game. 3 Scatter symbols on reels 1, 3, and 5 retrigger Free Spins. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. All ways played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Free Spins play out automatically. Bonus Feature 6 Bonus symbols anywhere on the reels trigger this feature. Bonus wins are multiplied by the total bet. This feature can randomly trigger on any spin. This feature can trigger in base game and Free Spins. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Bonus symbols can award Jackpots and cash prizes. Link&Win™ Feature Land 6 or more bonus symbols anywhere on the reels to trigger the Link&Win™ feature. All symbols are removed from the reels except bonus symbols, which lock into place when they land. 3 respins are awarded. Bonus symbols with cash values are sticky. Upgrade symbols are not sticky. Every time a sticky bonus symbol lands, the respin count resets to 3. Link&Win™ ends when the count runs out or the reels are full of bonus symbols. Filling the reels with bonus symbols awards an Epic Jackpot. Landing a Multiplier Upgrade instantly multiplies all on-screen cash values by up to 10x their original value. Landing a Jackpot Upgrade increases the value of all jackpots by 1 tier. Mini Jackpot tiers: 50, 60, 70, 80, 100 times total bet. Minor Jackpot tiers: 100, 120, 150, 200, 250 times total bet. Major Jackpot tiers: 250, 300, 350, 450, 600 times total bet. Grand Jackpot tiers: 1000, 1200, 1500, 2000, 2500 times total bet. Epic Jackpot tiers: 5000, 6000, 7000, 8000, 10000 times total bet. Jackpot and Multiplier upgrades may happen randomly. Bonus Wheel Fill the progress bar to trigger the Bonus Wheel feature. Every bonus symbol that lands increases the Bonus Wheel progress bar. The Bonus Wheel can award a jackpot, an instant cash prize, or the Free Spins Wheel. Progress on the bar is saved per bet level. Buy Feature Activating this feature will instantly trigger the Free Spins Wheel or Bonus Wheel feature. This feature is available in base game only. The Free Spins Wheel cost is 56.93 x total bet. The Bonus Wheel cost is 34.15 x total bet. The bet level for the feature may be chosen in the buy menu. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. This feature is available in base game only. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Balance: Displays the current balances. Exit button: Exits the game. Menu button: Opens the game menu. Hold to Turbo Spin: Hold the spin button to enable Turbo Spin. Turbo Spin ends when the spin button is lifted. This does not influence the results of the spin. Desktop Controls Bet controls: Increase or decrease the bet with the plus and minus symbols. Info button: Opens the paytable menu. Max Bet button: Sets the current bet to the maximum value. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Game Menu Home button: Exits the game. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Banking button: Displays the banking page. Close button: Closes the game menu. Help button: Displays help and additional information. Bet Settings Bet Amount: Sets the current bet value. Bet Value buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Max Bet button: Sets the current bet to the maximum value. Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Min Bet button: Sets the current bet to the minimum value. Game Settings Sound Settings: Allow you to choose which sounds to turn on or off. Quickspin: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Turbospin button: Enables Turbospin to resolve spins faster than Quick Spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Left-Handed Mode button: Enables left-handed mode. Show Big Wins toggle: Enables or disables big win animations Show Splash Page toggle: Enables or disables the splash page display on game load. Game Terminology FREE SPINS = FREE SPINS WILD = WILD MAX BET = MAX BET JACKPOT = JACKPOT EPIC JACKPOT = EPIC JACKPOT GRAND JACKPOT = GRAND JACKPOT MAJOR JACKPOT = MAJOR JACKPOT MINOR JACKPOT = MINOR JACKPOT MINI JACKPOT = MINI JACKPOT Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. This feature is only available in selected games. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Last modification date: 12/20/2024