Coco-Loco Cash About this Game There are 5 reels, 3 rows in the base game and Bonus Spins. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Payline Rules This game includes 20 paylines. The number of paylines played is fixed. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The total bet is the number of coins multiplied by the coin size. The bet multiplier is 10. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the number of paylines played. Payout Rules Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. Cash Collect Feature Cash Collect Token Cash Collect Symbol Cash Collect Tokens are collected in the base game and Bonus Spins to randomly trigger the Cash Collect Feature. The feature is instantly triggered when 1 or more Cash Collect Tokens land anywhere on reels 2 to 5 with a Cash Collect Symbol landing on reel 1. The feature awards 5 spins initially, and plays on a 5x5 reel grid with individually spinning positions. The feature begins with a 2x2 active zone that moves to all positions on the reel containing a Cash Collect Token. After each spin is complete, Cash Prizes in the active zone are collected. Collect Cash Collect Tokens to expand the active zone and trigger more spins. The active zone expands up to 5x5, and the feature awards cash values of 1x to 2 500x the bet. When 5 Cash Collect Tokens are collected, the active zone expands from 2x2 to 3x3 and an additional 3 spins are awarded. When 4 additional Cash Collect Tokens are collected, the active zone expands from 3x3 to 4x4 and an additional 2 spins are awarded. When 3 more additional Cash Collect Tokens are collected, the active zone expands from 4x4 to 5x5 and an additional 1 spin is awarded. When the maximum active zone is achieved, Cash Collect Tokens are no longer collected. This feature ends when all spins are completed. Bonus Recharge™ Bonus Recharge™ offers the option to continue playing the Cash Collect Feature when it is complete. Continue playing at the cost displayed or end the Cash Collect Feature and return to the game. Bonus Recharge™ is available in the Cash Collect Feature only. The offer includes the same conditions available in the Cash Collect feature. The feature is played at the current bet. Bonus Recharge™ may be limited or inaccessible when the bet exceeds a specified amount. The number of times Bonus Recharge™ can be activated is determined by the region. Bonus Recharge™ may not be available in all regions. Bonus Spins Feature Bonus Spins Tokens are collected in the base game for a chance to randomly trigger 8 Bonus Spins. The feature triggers instantly when 3 or more Bonus Spins Tokens land on the same spin. When 4 Bonus Spins Tokens land on the same spin, 10x the bet is awarded. When 5 Bonus Spins Tokens land on the same spin, 50x the bet is awarded. All lines played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Jackpot Pick Game Jackpot Pick Tokens are collected for a chance to randomly trigger the Jackpot Pick Feature. Only Jackpot Pick Tokens collected on the current spin contribute to the chance of triggering this feature. Once triggered, 12 tokens are shown facedown. Each token is associated with 1 of the 4 jackpots. Select a token to reveal its associated jackpot. When 3 matching tokens have been revealed, the corresponding jackpot will be awarded and the feature ends. Jackpot prizes are scaled by the total bet. The graphical collection pot in the game is purely for visual entertainment and as such does not influence awarding a jackpot. Random Wilds Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except Token, Jackpot, and Cash Collect Symbols. This feature randomly replaces regular symbols with Wild symbols on reels 2 to 5, before the spin completes. This symbol does not have a payout. This feature can be triggered in base game and Bonus Spins. Win Booster™ Activating Win Booster™ increases the chance to trigger the Cash Collect and the Random Wilds features. Activate Win Booster™ at the price displayed. The total bet is increased to 1.5x the bet. Win Booster™ is active on all rounds until deselected. Win Booster™ applies to the Bonus Spins Feature if Win Booster™ is already activated when the feature is triggered. This feature may not be available above a certain bet threshold. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. Spins are played at the current selected bet. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. This feature is available in the base game only. Triggering any Bonus Feature stops Autoplay. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Game Controls Bet: Displays the current total bet. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Bet Decrease button: Decreases the current bet. Bet Increase button: Increases the current bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Quickspin button: Disables Quickspin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Select anywhere on the reels to stop the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Balance: Displays the current balances. Credits: Displays the current balances. Video button: Displays In-game information. Exit button: Exits the game. Spacebar: Pressing this keyboard button starts or stops a spin. This does not influence the result of the spin. Turbo Spin button: Enables Turbo Spin to resolve spins at the fastest speed. This does not influence the results of the spin. Game Menu Menu button: Displays additional game options. Home button: Exits the game. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Help button: Displays help and additional information. Win History button: Displays game win history information. Banking button: Displays the banking page. Close button: Closes the game menu. Lobby button: Exits the game. Return button: Returns to the game. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Spin Button Position button: Repositions spin button location. Bet Settings Bet Amount: Sets the current bet value. Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Max Bet button: Sets the current bet to the maximum value. Game Settings Quickspin: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. All Sounds: Controls all sounds, including game and background sounds. Game Sounds: Controls in-game sounds. (Only enabled if All Sounds is ON.) Background Music: Controls background music. (Only enabled if All Sounds is ON.) Voice Overs: Controls voice sounds. (Only enabled if All Sounds is ON.) Free Games A free games offer is a number of additional game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one free game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired, the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. This feature is only available in selected games. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. RTP: 94.13% Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Last modification date: 1/27/2026