Baozang the Legend of 3 Coins About this Game This is a 5 reel 4 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Payline Rules This game includes 40 paylines. The number of paylines played is fixed. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. Line wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right only on adjacent reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the payline cost of 10. Payout Rules Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins resulting from a spin. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. Collect Feature Land a Coin for a chance to increase your win! When a Collect symbol lands on reel 5, the total value of all the coins on the reels is awarded. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. This feature can trigger in base game. Coin Symbols Coins appear on reels 1 - 4. Green Coin awards 1x - 5x bet. Blue Coin awards 6x - 15x bet. Red Coin awards 20x - 50x bet. Collect Symbol A Collect symbol has a multiplier of 1x - 5x. The multiplier is applied to the total value of all Coins on reels. Bonus Game Each Coin collects to the pot of the same colour above the reels. Every time a coin is collected there is a chance for the Bonus Game to be triggered. The graphical collection of Coin symbols to the pots in this game is purely for visual entertainment and as such does not influence triggering the features. There are 3 Bonus games: Wealth, Prosperity and Fortune. The Wealth Bonus game is played with the green coins. The Prosperity Bonus game is played with the blue coins. The Fortune Bonus game is played with the red coins. Bonus Game Symbols Bonus symbols are Coins, Wind chime Multiplier, Scroll Extra Spin and Mystery symbols. Wind chime Multiplier symbols include a 1x - 5x multiplier. This value is added to the current multiplier of the bonus game. The bonus game starts with a 1x multiplier. The Bonus game multiplier is applied to the total value of Coins. Wind chime Multiplier symbols are removed from the following Bonus spin. Scroll Extra Spin symbol increases the reset value of the spins by 1. Scroll Extra Spin symbols are removed from the following Bonus spin. The Mystery symbol may appear in every bonus game. The Mystery symbol reveals Wind chime, Scroll or Coin symbol. Jackpots: Mini, Major, Grand The Mini Jackpot is awarded when 10 Coins land on the reels in any Bonus game. The Mini Jackpot award is 10x bet. The Major Jackpot is awarded when 15 Coins land on the reels in any Bonus game. The Major Jackpot award is 50x bet. The Grand Jackpot is awarded when 20 Coins land on the reels in any Bonus game. The Grand Jackpot award is 20 000x bet. Only the highest reached Jackpot is awarded during the bonus game. The Bonus Multiplier does not apply to Jackpot awards. The Jackpot awards are added to the total bonus award. The Boost feature does not affect the Jackpot awards. Boost Activating the Boost increases win potential. The base game includes more Coins, with Blue and Red coins appearing more frequently. The chance of triggering the Fortune, Prosperity, or Wealth Bonus game has increased. The total bet is increased by 50%. This feature does not affect payouts. This feature can be activated in the base game. Wild Symbols Wilds can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wilds can substitute for all symbols except Coins and Collect symbols. Autoplay This feature is available in the base game only. Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. The spacebar/enter performs the function of a spin button. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Slam Stop allows a player to manually interact with the game to stop the reels. Holding the spacebar/enter allows to play in the slam stop mode. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Holding the spacebar/enter for 3 seconds activates a QuickSpin. (If it has not been activated before). Balance: Displays the current balances. Game Menu Menu button: Displays additional game options. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Audio button: Toggles the game audio. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Translation of Game Terms The translated terms are only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. Big Win - Big Win Bonus - Bonus Boost - Boost (mode) Collect - Collect (symbol label) Epic Win - Epic Win Extra Spin - Extra Spin Fortune - Bonus game Grand - Grand (prize) Major - Major (prize) Mega Win - Mega Win Mini - Mini (prize) Prosperity - Bonus game Wealth - Bonus game Win Up To - Win up to You Won - You Won Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of additional game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired, the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information In-game video is used for promotional purposes only. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. RTP - 94.57% Last modification date: 2/10/2026