Woolly Wilds Max About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the payline cost of 20. Payline Rules This game includes 25 paylines. The number of paylines played is fixed. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Payout Rules Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins resulting from a spin. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Wild Symbols Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Scatters. This symbol appears on reels 4 and 5 only. During Free Spins, reels 4 and 5 have only Wild symbols. This symbol does not have a payout. Scatter Symbols Scatters can create their own winning combination when landing anywhere on the reels. This symbol is present on all reels during the base game. This symbol appears on reels 1, 2 and 3 in Free Spins. Advertised Prizes The current value of each available jackpot level is displayed in game. The jackpot size does not depend on the bet. Landing a 5 of a kind combination activates an arrow which moves along the Jackpot Container and stops at a random position. 5 of a kind combination can be formed by the same symbol or with Wild symbol substitution(s). The positions of the Jackpot Container are empty or filled with a letter. Each letter represents a jackpot. The amount of filled positions is directly proportional to the bet: the larger the bet, the more positions are filled. When the arrow stops at the position filled with a letter, a respective jackpot is awarded. When the arrow stops at the empty position, no jackpot is awarded. When there are more than one 5 of a kind combinations on the reels and arrow stops at the position with a letter, the same prize is given for each 5 of a kind combination. Wins awarded during the feature are added to the payline wins. Game Modes The game can be played in two modes: Base Mode and Gold Mode. During the Gold Mode there are higher bets and jackpot levels. During the Gold Mode there are 5 jackpot levels, during Base Mode there are 4 jackpot levels. The game mode can be changed using a toggle that is available only during the base game. Free Games can only be played in Base Mode. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Free Spins 3, 4 or 5 Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels trigger this feature. 10, 15 or 25 Free Spins are awarded respectively. During Free Spins, reels 4 and 5 have only Wild symbols. Landing 2 Scatters awards 5 additional Free Spins. Landing 3 Scatters awards 10 additional Free Spins. Free Spins play out automatically. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. All lines played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Buy Feature Some settings and features may not be available in this game. This feature is available in base game only. Activating this feature will instantly trigger the Free Spins feature. 50x current bet triggers Free Spins. The feature is played at the current bet. This feature is not available above a certain bet threshold. Translation of Game Terms SUPER, Super Jackpot - Super jackpot. GRAND, Grand Jackpot - Grand jackpot. MAJOR, Major Jackpot - Major jackpot. MINOR, Minor Jackpot - Minor jackpot. MINI, Mini Jackpot - Mini jackpot. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. This feature is available in base game only. Autoplay Settings Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. Bet Settings Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Bet Amount: Sets the current bet value. Game Controls Balance: Displays the current balances. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Menu button: Displays a menu of general system and game options. Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Pressing the Spin button during the current spin stops the reels quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Continue button: Advances to the next screen. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Pressing the Spin button during AutoPlay ends the current Autoplay session. Home button: Exits the game. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Last modification date: 3/26/2024