Fortunium Fortunium is a 5 reel, 40 payline, and 375 coin slot machine, including: Regular symbols Wild symbol Scatter symbol Mystery symbol feature Win Booster™ feature Free Spins bonus game Paytable Achievements feature General Your bet is dependent on the number of coins and coin size played. A bet multiplier of 10 applies per spin. For example, 25 coins bet per spin x 10 bet multiplier = 250 total coins bet. To convert your bet amount in coins to credits, multiply the total number of coins bet by the coin size bet. For example, 250 total coins bet x 0.50 coin size = 125 total credits bet. All paytables display the number of credits that are won for each combination. All payout table win amounts in PlayCheck are displayed in coins. Only one regular winning combination is paid out per payline and you are paid out the value of the highest win. Only one scatter winning combination is paid out per spin and you are paid out the value of the highest win. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. If you have a winning combination, the win is highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Regular symbols Matching symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, starting from the first slot reel. Regular payouts depend on your bet per payline excluding Win Booster™. All regular symbols create a symbol stack. Wild symbol This symbol creates its own winning combination. This symbol does not substitute for the scatter symbol. Scatter symbol This symbol does not need to appear on an enabled payline to win. This symbol cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. Scatter payouts depend on your total bet excluding Win Booster™. Mystery symbol feature The Mystery symbols transform into other symbols. The Mystery symbol can create a symbol stack of any high, low or wild symbols. There is no payout for any Mystery symbol combination. This feature is available during free spins. Winnings are automatically collected during this feature. Win Booster™ feature You can choose to activate or deactivate this feature in the regular game. You can choose to boost your bet and improve your Mystery symbols. The extra bet is calculated at half your current bet. The Mystery symbols transform into other symbols. The Mystery symbol can create a symbol stack of any high or wild symbols. Free Spins bonus game The Mystery Reels™ feature is available during the free spins. Mystery Reels™ only appear on reels 2, 3 or 4. Mystery Reels™ contain Mystery symbols that can create symbol stacks. During free spins each scatter symbol that appears on the reels awards 1 free spin. The last bet you placed in the game is used as the free spins bet amount. Winnings are automatically collected during the free spins. Paytable Achievements feature Tracks your win status by highlighting symbol combinations you have won. When you win all combinations for the same symbol it is highlighted. Achievements are permanently highlighted on the payout table, even after you exit the game. Regular game wins are logged as achievements. Wild symbol substitute wins are not logged as achievements. Free spins wins are not logged as achievements. Game Controls Item Description Balance box Displays your casino balances. You can choose to view all bets, payouts and balances in coins, credits or both. All your bets, payouts and balances are displayed according to the option you select. Depending on your game: Click Coins to convert to credits. Click Credits to convert to coins. Or: Click Options to select to play in coins, credits or both. Click Summary to view a summary of your casino balances. Bet box Displays your total bet amount per spin. You can change your total bet amount. Depending on your game: Click Bet and select the total number of coins or credits you want to bet per spin. Or: Click (+) or (-) to select the total amount you want to bet. Click Coin Size (+) or (-) to select the coin size you want to bet. Click Coins (+) or (-) to select the number of coins you want to bet. Click Max Bet to bet the maximum bet permitted. Depending on your game, this can convert the coin size and the number of coins to the maximum bet permitted. Win box Displays your most recent win amount. Spin button Starts the game. Stop button Displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. button Displays the game settings. Bet size Your bet is dependent on the number of paylines, the number of coins per payline and coin size played. Click Coin Size and select a coin size. Click Coins Per Line and select the number of coins. Quick spin Quick spin increases the reel spin speed to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Click On to disable quick spin. Click Off to enable quick spin. Sounds Click On to turn sounds off. Click Off to turn sounds on. ≡ button Displays the game settings and game payout table. Settings Bet size Your bet is dependent on the number of paylines, the number of coins per payline and coin size played. Click Bet and select the total number of coins or credits you want to bet per spin. Quick spin Quick spin increases the reel spin speed to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Click On to disable quick spin. Click Off to enable quick spin. Sounds Click On to turn sounds off. Click Off to turn sounds on. Paytable Displays the game payout tables. Click the next and previous buttons to browse the payout tables. Menu button Displays a menu of general system and game options. You can also change your game options or view your current game play statistics. button or Pays button Displays the game payout tables. Click the next and previous buttons to browse the payout tables. AutoPlay button Displays the AutoPlay options where you can select to spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game. Click AutoPlay and select the number of spins you want to play and the stop options. X button Closes the game. AutoPlay AutoPlay enables you to automatically play a set number of consecutive games without interacting with the game. AutoPlay plays with the last bet value you selected, so you must select a bet amount before starting AutoPlay. Each game has different options and AutoPlay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. The number of spins remaining in your AutoPlay session is displayed in the game. To start AutoPlay: Select a bet amount. Select and hold Spin or select AutoPlay . In some games this starts the session and it continues until you select Stop . Select your AutoPlay options. Select Start AutoPlay , Play or Spin . Select Stop to end AutoPlay. Selecting this button does not influence the results of the spin. AutoPlay Options AutoPlay options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. Number of spins Set the number of spins you want to play. Bet settings Set the bet amount you want to play. Until stop Set the session to play until you select to stop. This does not influence the results of the spin. Win Limit or If win at least Stop the session if the win exceeds or equals the amount selected. Loss Limit or If amount drops by Stop the session if your balance decreases and drops below or equals the amount selected. Spin and Stop in slots Select Spin to start the game. The Spin becomes a Stop . Select Stop to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. The theoretical return to player (RTP) is 96.37% Last modification date: 4/12/2021