Sure Thing Penny Roller About this Game This game is a 3 reel and 1 row video slot game. This game includes 1 fixed payline. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. General Bet and Payout Rules You can bet up to three coins per spin. Your bet size is the base bet multiplied by the number of coins played. To calculate your base bet, pide your bet size by the number of coins played. The number of credits won is dependent on the number of coins won multiplied by your base bet. For example, 20 coins won x 0.25 base bet = 5.00 credits. All paytables display the number of coins that are won for each combination. Winnings are paid out on the highest combination only. If you have a winning combination, the win is highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. Regular symbols Matching regular symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, starting from the first slot reel. Regular payouts depend on your bet per payline. Autoplay Autoplay enables you to automatically play a set number of consecutive games without interacting with the game. AutoPlay plays with the last bet value you selected, so you must select a bet amount before starting AutoPlay. You can select the number of spins you want to play. The number of spins remaining in your Autoplay session is displayed in the game. You can choose to stop Autoplay at any time during the session. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Change my bet amount Options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. Bet button: Displays your bet options. Coins: The number of coins you want to bet. Bet Size: Places the total bet amount you want to bet per spin. Quick bet: Displays a range of quick betting options to select your total bet amount. Max bet: Places the maximum bet permitted. Game Controls Options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. Credits box: Displays your balances. Win box: Displays your most recent wins. Bet box: Displays your total bet amount per spin. Bet button: Displays your bet options. Spin button: Starts your game. Stop button: Displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button: Displays your Autoplay options. Autoplay Stop button: Displays the number of spins remaining and can stop the session. This does not influence the results of the spin. Quick spin button: Increases the game play to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Menu button: Displays the game settings. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Return to Player (RTP) The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Values are calculated initially by piding the total possible payouts by the total possible outcomes that are available within the game. Values reflect the maximum expected return and do not change. RTP: 94.18%. The RTP with the bet set to 1 or 2 coins is 94.04%. The RTP with the bet set to 3 coins is 94.18%. Last modification date: 6/19/2023