11 Champions Game Rules See sections below for information about the game rules. General Rules Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The size of the playable game grid is a 5x1 horizontal reel and 5x3 vertical reels. Wild Symbol Rules The Wild symbol is a Wild The Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except the Bonus , Blank, Dribble, Pass, and Shoot The Wild symbol can appear on any vertical The Wild symbol is available during the base game and the Blazing Wild Streak™ feature. Action Reel™ Rules The horizontal Action Reel™ spins every spin, except The Action Reel™ has four possible outcomes Blank , Dribble , Pass , or Shoot . Blank - No Dribble - Moves location of player to a random adjacent spot. If this new spot is not marked with a frame then it is Pass - Moves location of player to a random non-adjacent spot. If this new spot is not marked with a frame then it is Shoot - Triggers the Blazing Wild Streak™ Feature with one of the following associated multipliers: X1, X2, X3, X5, X7, The Action Reel™ is not active during the Blazing Wild Streak™ Feature . Blazing Wild Streak™ Feature Rules The Action Reel™ landing on a Shoot triggers the Blazing Wild Streak™ Feature . During the Blazing Wild Streak™ Feature The 5x3 vertical reels Each position marked with a frame becomes Wild . All winnings are multiplied by the multiplier associated with the shoot The total win shown on a respin is the base triggering win plus the respin Bonus Symbol Rules The Bonus symbol is a Scatter The Bonus symbol cannot be substituted by the Wild The Bonus symbol only appears on vertical reels 2, 3, and 4 except during 3 Bonus symbols scattered on the reels trigger the Jackpot Bonus Feature . Jackpot Bonus Feature Rules The Jackpot Bonus Feature is triggered whenever 3 Bonus symbols land on the reels. The Jackpot Bonus Feature is a match 3 to win 12 cards are shown face Each card is associated with 1 of the 4 The player selects cards until they have 3 matching The player is awarded with the Jackpot associated with the 3 matching The Jackpot Bonus Feature winnings are multiplied by total bet . All bets during the Jackpot Bonus Feature are the same as the triggering Betting and Payout Rules Winnings are paid out only on the highest combination on each Line winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. The symbols must be next to each other on a At most 1 winning combination is paid out per Line wins are calculated by multiplying the line combination payout by the line bet . All payout tables display the number of credits that are won for each Total bet is 20 multiplied by the line bet . Jackpot Bonus Feature wins are added to line Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Game Payouts Winnings paid out on the slot machine are dependent on the symbols displayed on the payline, once the reels have come to a stop. All payout tables display the number of credits that are won for each winning combination. Line Payouts Line wins are calculated by multiplying the line combination payout by the line bet. The line bet is total bet divided by number of lines played. For a combination of regular symbols to produce a winning line combination, the following criteria must be met: The symbols must be next to each other on a Payline winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, a winning payline combination must start with the leftmost payline position and continue on adjacent positions on the payline. You are paid the total of all payline wins that land on a spin. Bonus Symbol Payouts 3 Bonus symbols landing on the reels trigger the Jackpot Bonus Feature . Jackpot Bonus Feature wins are added to line wins. For a combination of Bonus symbols to produce a winning scatter combination, the following criteria must be met: 3 Bonus symbols appear on the The Bonus symbol cannot be substituted by the Wild Icons Below are the icons used throughout the game and their descriptions. Icons Descriptions Main Menu Return Decrement Increment Bet Quick Spin Mute / Unmute Responsible Gaming Player Protection Loyalty Game History Transaction History Banking Settings Paytable / Information Help Files Lobby Discard Note: Some of these options may not be available in your Playing the Game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form winning combinations. The payout is dependent on the winning combinations formed. To play: Your balance is displayed in credits and is available in the console To select your bet amount: Desktop Settings Panel 1. Open the Menu by clicking the icon. 2. Click the Bet icon. 3. Select the value you want from the visible options. 4. Scroll up or down with the mouse wheel or using the scroll bar for more options. 5. Click Max Bet to bet the maximum permitted. Desktop Console Bar 1. Click the Bet area. 2. Select the value you want from the visible options. 3. Scroll up or down with the mouse wheel or using the scroll bar for more options. 4. Click Max Bet to bet the maximum permitted. Mobile 1. Open the Bet Panel by tapping the icon. 2. Tap the value you want from the visible options. 3. Swipe up or down in the bet panel for more options. 4. Tap Max Bet to bet the maximum permitted. Click or Tap Spin to start spinning the reels. If enabled in Settings, you may press spacebar to spin (desktop only). Once the reels stop, wins are highlighted if you have a winning combination. You are paid out the win amount as displayed in the Win If you do not have a winning combination, the game is completed and you can play again. Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed, and does not change. The game RTP is 95.93%. AutoPlay You can spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game, using AutoPlay. About AutoPlay AutoPlay and some of the related options may not be available in the game you are playing. A bet amount must be set before starting the AutoPlay session, as AutoPlay plays with the last bet AutoPlay can be stopped at any time. This does not influence the results of the Triggering any feature will stop Settings The Settings panel provides access to multiple game settings. Desktop 1. Open the Menu by clicking the icon. 2. Click the Settings icon. Mobile 1. Open the Menu by tapping the icon. 2. Tap the Settings icon. You can choose which to turn on or off. Intro Screen displays the intro screen at Show Tutorial At Startup (Mobile only). Quick Spin increases the speed of the slot reel All Sounds controls all sounds, including game and background Game Sounds controls console and spin sounds, as well as sounds for winning combinations and Background Music controls background Spacebar to Spin allows you to spin the reels using your computer's spacebar (Desktop Only). Note: Some of these options may not be available in your Game Sounds and Background Music are only enabled if All Sounds is ON . Spin and Stop in slots Select Spin to start the game. The Spin becomes a Stop . Select Stop to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Last modification date: 12/28/2021