Wild Link Frenzy About this Game This is a video slot game with variable reels. Up to 5 reels, 9 rows can be activated. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the payline cost of 20. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the paylines played. Payline Rules A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. This game includes 20 - 50 paylines. Payout Rules Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins resulting from a spin. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Spin Settings button: Displays additional spin options. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Bet Increase button: Increases the current bet. Bet Decrease button: Decreases the current bet. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Credits: Displays the current balances. Pick Feature Autoplay button: Automatically selects icons in the Pick Feature. This does not influence the results of the feature. Buy Feature button: Displays the option to purchase the Epic Free Spins feature. Game Menu Menu button: Displays additional game options. Home button: Exits the game. Banking button: Displays the banking page. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Autoplay This feature is available in base game only. Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. Wild Symbols Fisherman and Mountains symbols are Wild symbols. Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Bonus and Prize symbols. Bonus Symbols Fishing Reel symbols are Bonus symbols. Bonus symbols do not have a payout. This symbol appears in base game only. Bonus symbols can create their own winning combination when landing anywhere on the reels. Bonus symbols appear on reel 1, 3 and 5 only. Wild Link Feature When a Wild Fisherman symbol lands on reel 1 the feature is triggered. The Wild Fisherman on reel 1 nudges to fill the entire reel. During the Base Game up to 3 extra rows will be added above reels 2-5. During the Free Spins up to 6 extra rows will be added above reels 2-5. Each Prize symbol on screen will award the prize displayed on it. Wild Fisherman symbol appears on reel 1 only and substitutes for all symbols except Bonus and Prize. Fish Frenzy Prize symbols on screen award multiple random prize values when the Wild Link feature is triggered. Prize symbol prize values are based on total bet. Pick Feature At the end of each base game spin or Wild Link feature, Prize symbols can randomly trigger the Pick feature. Match 3 icons to win the respective prize. The Pick feature cannot trigger from within Free Spins. Buy Feature The Buy Feature cost is 110x total bet. Activating this feature will instantly trigger the Epic Free Spins feature. Epic Free Spins additionally award between 2 and 5 collected Wild Fisherman at the beginning of the Free Spins. If 4 or 5 Wild Fisherman are awarded, 10 additional Free Spins are immediately awarded and the Free Spins begin with a multiplier of 2. When Free Spins are triggered with 3 Bonus symbols, the player can choose to either play Free Spins normally or instantly purchase the Epic Free Spins at a discounted cost of 50x total bet. The feature is played at the current bet. This feature is available in base game only. This feature is not available above a certain bet threshold. Free Spins 3 Bonus symbols anywhere on the reels trigger this feature. 10 Free Spins are awarded. Every time a Wild Link feature occurs in the Free Spins, a Wild Fisherman is collected. Every fourth Wild Fisherman collected awards 10 additional Free Spins and increases the pay multiplier for the remaining Free Spins. Up to 12 Wild Fisherman can be collected. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. The increased pay multipliers in order are 2, 3 and 10. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Values are calculated initially by dividing the total possible payouts by the total possible outcomes that are available within the game. Values reflect the maximum expected return and do not change. Overall RTP: 94.17%. Buy Free Spins RTP: 94.17%. Free Spins with Upgrade RTP: 94.17% The probability of triggering certain game events may change during gameplay depending on the current game state or progress. Last modification date: 1/31/2023