Royal League Book of Raider About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Payline Rules This game includes 10 paylines. The number of paylines played is fixed. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a bet amount. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed on each payline played. The initial bet is the current bet pided by the number of paylines played. Payout Rules Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The Paytable displays the payouts in a player's currency. Wild Symbols The Wild symbol is also a Scatter and pays anywhere on the reels. The Wild has a payout for 3 or more symbols. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols. Free Spins 3, 4 or 5 Wild symbols anywhere on the reels trigger this feature. 10 Free Spins are awarded. When the feature is triggered, randomly one of the regular symbols is selected for a special expanding symbol. The special symbol will expand along active paylines, only when additional prizes can be awarded. The expanded symbols do not need to appear adjacent on a payline in order to result in a winning combination. 3, 4 or 5 Wild symbols on the reels reward 10 additional Free Spins. Additional Free Spins are added to the remaining Free Spins. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Royal League Feature The feature can trigger randomly on any base game spin. The feature is played on a grid with 49 tiles. There are 4 tile colours which correspond to a specific prize. The feature has 2 dice - Direction die and Steps die. Based on the result of the Direction die a direction is chosen. Based on the result of the Steps die steps to make are chosen. Based on the colour of the tile there is different probability for collect to appear on the Direction die. The feature ends when collect lands on a die. The player wins a prize according to the tile colour that was collected. Wins awarded during the feature are added to the base game. The feature can trigger in the base game only. Token Feature Tokens appear on the reels in the base game. Every token that lands is collected in a Token bar. Golden Spins The feature can trigger in the base game only. Collect 100 Tokens to trigger this feature. The first player session starts with 90 Collected Tokens. 1 of 3 items can be selected. The selected item can reward 8, 12 or 16 Golden Spins. Golden Spins are not free and cost per the current bet amount. The probability for triggering Royal League during this feature is 2 times higher. Boost Mode can be switched on at any time during this feature. When Boost Mode is switched off, the player returns to the Golden Spins, at the point Boost Mode was switched on. Boost Mode This feature is available in the base game only. The total bet is increased x2. The feature is triggered by selecting ON and OFF button. During this feature, the chance of triggering Royal League is 10 times bigger. During this feature Golden Spins are not available. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Pressing the Spin button during the current spin stops the reels quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Mute button: Disables game sounds and music. Unmute button: Enables game sounds and music. Help button: Displays help and additional information. Banking button: Displays the cashier. Home button: Exits the game. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Balance: Displays the current balances. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Bet Increase button: Increases the current bet. Bet Decrease button: Decreases the current bet. Turbo Mode button: Enables Turbo Mode to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Total Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Win Feature: Select this option to end Autoplay session when trigger feature. Single Win: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Spins are played at the current selected bet. Game Menu Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Help button: Displays help and additional information. Payout button: Displays payout of the last spin. History button: Displays the history of spins' result. Notification button: Displays notifications. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Close button: Closes the game menu. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The results of the last game played are displayed. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. This value is fixed and does not change. This game has an RTP for different game modes. This game has an RTP of 95.72%. The RTP during the Boost Mode is 92.23%. Last modification date: 4/1/2022