3 Devils Pinball About 3 Devils Pinball™ 3 Devils Pinball™ is a 6 reel 25 line ANY ADJACENT PAYS™ slot game including: Regular Symbols Wild Symbol 2X Wild Multiplier Symbol Scatter Symbol Pinball Feature 3 Devils Bonus Paytable Achievements Feature Game Rules General • The base game includes a gameboard consisting of 6 reels, with 4 symbol rows each and 25 active paylines. • The Pinball Feature adds 4 symbol rows to each reel and 25 additional paylines. • Featuring: ANY ADJACENT PAYS™ - Winning combinations can be anywhere on the reels! • 3 or more matching symbols on a payline, on adjacent reels, represent a winning combination. Only the highest win per payline will be paid. • Payline wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier of the winning game. • Your bet multiplier is equal to the number of credits played divided by 0.20. For example, 0.40 credits bet per spin = 0.40 / 0.20 = a bet multiplier of 2. • All payout tables display the number of credits that are won for each combination for the current bet multiplier. • All payout table win amounts in PlayCheck are displayed in coins. • Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you may play again. • Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Regular Symbols • Matching symbols must be next to each other on a payline. • Payouts depend on your bet multiplier per spin. • These symbols are not available during the 3 Devils Bonus. Wild Symbol This symbol is a wild symbol and substitutes for all paying symbols except 2X wild multiplier symbols. This symbol does not substitute for scatter symbols. This symbol also creates its own combination. This symbol is not available during the 3 Devils Bonus. 2X Wild Multiplier Symbol This symbol is a 2X wild multiplier symbol and substitutes for all paying symbols. • Each 2X wild multiplier symbol included in a winning combination multiplies the pay for that win by 2. • This symbol does not substitute for scatter symbols. • The 2X wild multiplier symbol appears on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 only. • This symbol also creates its own combination. • This symbol is not available during the 3 Devils Bonus. Scatter Symbol This symbol is a scatter symbol. This symbol is not available during the 3 Devils Bonus. Bumper Symbols These symbols are bumper symbols and do not pay. Pinball Feature • The Pinball Feature can trigger randomly on any spin. • During this feature, paylines 26 through 50 become active. • 1 or more pinballs are launched to populate wilds or 2X wild multipliers. • The Pinball Feature completes when all wild and 2X wild multiplier transformations are complete. • The Pinball Feature is played at the same bet multiplier as the triggering game. 3 Devils Bonus • 3 or more scatters trigger the 3 Devils Bonus. • 4 bonus rounds are awarded. • At the start of the bonus the gameboard is populated with credit values that can be won. • In each round pinballs launch and credit values along the path of the pinball are awarded. • Credit values may be multiplied by up to 5 times. • The 3 Devils Bonus cannot be retriggered. • The bonus concludes when the fourth round is complete. • Credit awards are multiplied by the bonus bet multiplier. • The bonus bet multiplier is determined by the bet multiplier of the bonus-triggering game. • Bonus wins are added to regular wins. Paytable Achievements Feature • This feature tracks your win status by highlighting symbol combinations you have won. • Achievements are highlighted on the payout table with a check mark. • Symbol combinations must include at least one non-wild symbol to be logged as achievements. Game Controls Item Description Bet Size box Displays your bet options. Select (up arrow) or (down arrow) to select the total amount you want to bet. Balance box Displays your casino balances. Win box Displays your most recent win. Spin button Starts the game. This can be triggered by the spacebar if it is available. Stop button Displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. This can be triggered by the spacebar if it is available. Menu button Displays the game settings and game paytable. SETTINGS Toggle sounds, left-hand console mode, and background motion (these options may not be available). PAYTABLE Displays the game payout tables. Scroll up and down to browse the payout tables. TUTORIAL Displays the game tutorial. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. RESPONSIBLE GAMING Displays Responsible Gaming. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. QuickSpin button QuickSpin increases the reel spin speed to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Turn QuickSpin on and off. X button Closes the game. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed, and does not change. This game has an RTP of 96.70%. Last modification date: 1/25/2021