Piggy Bonanza™ About this Game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other in this pattern. Way wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. This game is played with credits only. This game includes 243 ways. There are 5 reels, 3 rows in base game. Additional rows can be activated in Bonus. Spins within the Bonus feature will be called bonus spins. The spin within the Diamond Respin feature will be called respin. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. Payout Rules Wins are multiplied by the total bet. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. If multiple winning combinations land on a single way, only the highest win is awarded. The total payout is the sum of all way wins resulting from a spin. Way win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. Way Rules A way is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other in this pattern. This game includes 243 ways. Way wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Wild Symbols Wild symbols appear in base game only. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Bonus, Cash Coin, Cash Diamond, and Collect symbols. Wild symbol appears on reels 1, 2, 4, 5 during the base game. Piggy Booster The Piggy Booster may be increased during the base game. The Piggy Booster is a meter that shows the progress of token collection. The meter initially starts empty and may go up to 8 tokens. When the player lands the Bonus symbol on reels 1 and 3, the meter increases by one step, which equals half of one token. The Piggy Booster token collection is used to improve the Bonus game. Changing a bet does not affect the Piggy Booster. 2 types of tokens are available in the game: Piggy Booster tokens and Collection tokens. Before the Bonus starts, Piggy Booster tokens are randomly converted to Collection tokens and distributed to Collection feature meters. 1 Piggy Booster token is equal to 1 Collection token. Only full tokens count when entering the Bonus, any half filled Piggy Booster token will be discarded. If the Bonus starts with half of a Piggy Booster token, no Collection tokens are added to the Collection feature meters. At the end of the Bonus, the remaining unused Collection tokens are added to the Piggy Booster. Bonus This feature can be triggered from the base game. Bonus is triggered by landing 3 Bonus symbols on reels 1, 3 and 5. Before the Bonus starts, Piggy Booster tokens are randomly converted to Collection tokens and distributed to their respective collection feature meters. The feature has 3 bonus spins from the start. Landing any Cash Coin or Collection symbol during Bonus on any reel resets bonus spins. Cash Coins, Collection symbols and Blank symbols may land on any reel during the feature. Cash Coin symbol values are 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 8x, 10x, 15x, 50x, 200x Bet. Collection features have the corresponding Collection meters and Collection symbols. The Collection symbols are Prizer, Expander, Doubler, and Spinner. When a Collection symbol lands, it is removed from the reels, and a corresponding Collection token is added to its Collection meter. The Collection feature is triggered by 3 corresponding Collection symbols landing on the reels. Once the feature is triggered and used, the corresponding Collection feature meter resets. A special symbol called Prizer Diamond may also be awarded in the Bonus. Cash Coin and Prizer Diamond symbols remain in position for the duration of the feature. During Bonus 4 collection features are available: Doubler, Spinner, Expander and Prizer. The Doubler, Spinner, and Expander features may be triggered 2 times, and the Prizer may be triggered 4 times during the Bonus. Doubler: all Cash Coin and Prizer Diamond symbols presented on the reels are multiplied by 2x. Prizer Diamond values that the player has not won yet are also multiplied by 2x. Spinner: 1 extra spin is awarded on each retrigger. Expander: On the 1st trigger, 1 extra row of reels is activated above the grid; on the 2nd trigger, 1 extra row of reels is added under the grid. Prizer: the Collection symbol that triggered the feature is replaced by the Prizer Diamond symbol. On the 1st, 2nd, 3rd, and 4th trigger, the Prizer Diamond value is 15x, 50x, 200x, 1 000x bet respectively. The feature ends when no more symbols land on the reels during the bonus spins or all landing positions are filled. At the end of the feature, remaining Collection tokens are added to the Piggy Booster. At the end of the Bonus, all symbols' indicated values are calculated together and paid as the Total Win of the Bonus. The feature is played at the same cost as the game that triggered the feature. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Bonus spins are free to player. Hot Cells The feature is available in the Bonus only. Hot Cells can appear on the reel area during any bonus spin. Hot Cells might randomly appear on the reel area when the reels start to stop. There is an increased chance that a Collection symbol will land on a reel with a Hot Cell present. Diamond Respin This feature can be triggered from the base game. Diamond Respin is triggered by landing a Cash Diamond symbol on reels 1 and 5. Cash Diamonds remain in position for the duration of the feature. Cash Diamond symbol values are 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 8x, 10x, 15x, 50x, 200x Bet. During the feature, reels spin once with the chance to land either Cash Coin, 1UP or Blank symbols. During Diamond Respin Cash Coin symbols values are 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 8x, 10x, 15x, 50x, and 200x Bet. Each 1UP symbol that lands increases the feature multiplier by 1x. The feature multiplier starts at 1x and can reach a maximum value of 5x. The feature ends after 1 spin, and the total amount of all Cash Coin and Cash Diamond symbol values is multiplied by the feature multiplier for the total feature win amount. The total amount is then added to the balance. The respin is free to the player. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. The values of the symbols will disappear during win animation but can be shown again by refreshing. Collect This feature is available in base game only. The Collect feature is triggered when a Collect symbol lands on reel 5, and at least one Cash Coin symbol also lands on the same spin. Cash Coin symbols can land on reels 1-4. The Collect symbol may land on reel 5 only. The amount of Cash Coin symbols landing on a spin is random. Cash Coin symbol values are 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 8x, 10x, 15x, 50x, 200x Bet. The winning payout equals the sum of all Cash Coin symbol values landed on the reels. When winnings are paid, the feature ends. The values of the symbols will disappear during win animation but can be shown again by refreshing. Piggy Extra Chance The feature is available in the base game only. The Piggy Extra Chance feature may randomly trigger the Bonus, Diamond Respin or Collect features. If Bonus symbols land on reels 1 and 3, and no Bonus symbol lands on reel 5, Piggy can press the button to respin reel 5. This respin may land a Bonus symbol on reel 5 and trigger the Bonus feature. If a Cash Diamond symbol lands on reel 1, but not on reel 5, Piggy may press the button to respin reel 5. This respin may land a Cash Diamond on reel 5 to trigger the Diamond Respin feature. If Cash Coin symbols land on the reels, and no Collect symbol lands on reel 5, Piggy can press the button to nudge reel 5 and reveal a Collect symbol to trigger the Collect feature. Bet Boost This feature is available in the base game only. Activating the Bet Boost increases the odds of triggering the Bonus. The total bet is increased by 20%. The feature does not affect payouts. The Bet Boost is inactive during bonus spins. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Bet: Set the current bet value. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Aborting Autoplay or stopping the reels during Autoplay will not affect the outcome of the game. Autoplay will automatically stop if a Bonus feature is triggered This feature is available in base game only. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Balance: Displays the current balances. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. A click or tap on the reels stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Game Menu Paytable button: Displays payout tables. Bet Settings Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet. Game Terminology WILD = WILD PIGGY BOOSTER = PIGGY BOOSTER BONUS = BONUS COLLECT = COLLECT DIAMOND RESPIN = DIAMOND RESPIN PIGGY EXTRA CHANCE = PIGGY EXTRA CHANCE BET BOOOST = BET BOOOST RESPIN MULTIPLIER = RESPIN MULTIPLIER 1UP = 1UP SPINNER = SPINNER PRIZER = PRIZER EXPANDER = EXPANDER DOUBLER = DOUBLER BIG WIN = BIG WIN MEGA WIN = MEGA WIN EPIC WIN = EPIC WIN UNREAL = UNREAL START = START SPIN = SPIN STOP = STOP PIGGY = PIGGY BANK = BANK TEN PIGGY DOLLARS = TEN PIGGY DOLLARS Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Start to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Use Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select No Thanks to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. This feature is only available in selected games. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Spacebar: Pressing this keyboard button will start or stop a reel spin. Spacebar: Holding down this keyboard button will start a quickspin. Enter: Pressing this keyboard button will start or stop a reel spin. Enter: Holding down this keyboard button will start a quickspin. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Last modification date: 4/16/2025