3 Tiny Gods About the game 3 Tiny Gods is a 5-reel, 4-row video slot with 30 pay lines. Features include stacked symbols, Mystery of Horus, The Gift of Bastet, Buy Free Spins, Foxify™ mode, Jackpot Bonus, and Free Spins with the Wrath of Anubis feature. Quick Links Playing the game, payouts and refresh Wild symbol Free Spins Features Autoplay Controls Translation of game terms Some features and options may not be available in the game you are playing, which ensures compliance with the regulations. For example, the Autoplay feature may not be available due to compliance matters. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Playing the game, payouts and refresh The game is played with 30 paylines. Through setting bets and clicking on the Spin button, the player needs to get symbols to match from left to right on a slot machine. 3 Scatters appearing anywhere on reels 1, 3, and 5 activate 8 Free Spins. The bet level is set using the bet level selector. Winnings will be awarded according to the paytable. Line wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right only on adjacent reels. A line win is calculated by multiplying the bet by the multiplier value of the winning symbol and iding the result by 30 paylines. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. Only the highest award is paid per winning combination. Foxify™ mode does not affect symbol payouts. The win amount is immediately credited to the balance. Refresh Refresh displays the results of the last game played, when you return to that game. Refresh does the following if you are disconnected from the casino server or Internet: If your computer is disconnected before the results of the last game are displayed, then the amount you won or lost, your credit balance, and the final game state is displayed when you return to the game. If your computer is disconnected while a game is in progress, and you can still make decisions in the game, you are able to complete that game when you return to it. If the request to play a new game does not reach the casino server before you are disconnected, the results of the previous game is displayed when you return to the game. Features Mystery of Horus The Mystery of Horus feature can trigger on any spin. The god Horus can randomly conjure Eye of Horus symbols to fill 2 or 3 adjacent reels. Each Eye of Horus symbol will be replaced by a random symbol. Scatter symbols will not be revealed. The Gift of Bastet The Gift of Bastet feature can trigger in base game on any non-winning spin. The goddess Bastet can randomly shuffle the reels in your favor and create a winning combination. Jackpot Bonus Land coins to trigger the Jackpot Bonus in base game. Coins can land on every reel spin. There are 3 jackpots to be won: Mini, Midi and Maxi. Jackpot win values depend on bet and displayed in the game. During the Jackpot Bonus, a row of 3 scratch boxes will align with the 3 jackpot columns. Click the Spin button to start the feature. If a coin appears in a scratch box above a jackpot column it can be scratched to reveal a box. There are 4 boxes to be revealed in each jackpot column. The jackpot is paid when all boxes in the column are revealed. All spins are free in the Jackpot Bonus. The Jackpot Bonus is played at the triggering bet. The graphical coin collection pot in the game is purely for visual entertainment and as such does not influence awarding Jackpot Bonus. Buy Free Spins Activate the Buy Free Spins feature to instantly trigger 8 Free Spins at any time, at a cost of 75× bet. The feature may not be available above a certain bet threshold. The Foxify™ mode does not affect the cost of the feature. Foxify™ Activate the Foxify™ mode during the base game to increase your chance of triggering both the Mystery of Horus and Free Spins bonuses. Foxify™ will increase your bet by 50%, and will not increase the value of paying symbols. The Foxify™ mode will be automatically deactivated when Free Spins are triggered. Wild symbol Wilds can substitute for other symbols to complete a winning combination. Wilds substitute for all symbols except Scatters and Eye of Horus symbols. Free Spins 3 Scatters appearing anywhere on reels 1, 3, and 5 activate 8 Free Spins. Mystery of Horus feature will be activated on every spin in Free Spins. Free Spins are played at the triggering bet. Wrath of Anubis The Wrath of Anubis feature can trigger randomly to increase your chances of achieving a higher win. The god Anubis will award 3 extra spins and remove the lowest-value symbol from the reels. The feature can be triggered up to 4 times during Free Spins. Translation of game terms The translated terms are only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. Big Win Big Win Mega Win Mega Win Epic Win Epic Win Free Spins Free Spins Maxi Maxi Midi Midi Mini Mini Mystery of Horus Mystery of Horus The Gift of Bastet The Gift of Bastet Wrath of Anubis Wrath of Anubis Jackpot Jackpot Win up to Win up to Autoplay Autoplay enables you to automatically play a set number of consecutive games without interacting with the game. Autoplay plays with the last bet value you selected, so you must select a bet amount before starting Autoplay. Each game has different options and Autoplay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. The number of spins remaining in your Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Autoplay options Autoplay options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. Number of spins: Set the number of spins you want to play. Until stop: Set the session to play until you select to stop. This does not influence the results of the spin. When Until stop selected, the number of spins played in your Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Loss limit: Stop the session if your balance decreases and drops below or equals the amount selected. Single win limit: Stop the session if the win exceeds or equals the amount selected. Start Autoplay Select a bet amount. Click Autoplay button: Select your Autoplay options. Click Start button to begin your Autoplay session. Click Stop button to end Autoplay: Clicking this button does not influence the results of the spin. Controls Menu: Toggles the menu display. Win: Displays the win for the current or previous win payout round. Balance: Displays your account balance. Bet: Change your bet size in the menu. Clicking on the bet field toggles the menu display. Quick Spin: Increases the reel spin speed to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay: Displays the Autoplay options where you can select to spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game. Stop Autoplay: Stop the Autoplay session. This does not influence the results of the spin. Spin (a button with a circular arrow): Start the game round. Stop button: Displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Audio: Mute / Un-mute game sounds control available in the menu. Last modification date: 11/29/2022