Sonic Links About this Game Welcome to Sonic Links. This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. It features Link&Win™ and Sonic Free Spins. This game has 25 lines. General Win on a line pays if in succession from the leftmost to the rightmost position according to the PAYTABLE. Only the highest win per line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different lines are added. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except Free Spins symbols and Coin symbols. Wild symbols substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a line according to the PAYTABLE. Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. Coin symbols only pay out in Link&Win™. Sonic Free Spins and Link&Win™ cannot trigger in the same spin. Sonic Free Spins 3 Free Spins symbols appearing anywhere on reels 1, 3 and 5 in the base game triggers the Sonic Free Spins wheels. Free Spins symbols only appear on reels 1, 3, and 5 in the base game and in Sonic Free Spins. There are 2 spinning wheels: a Multiplier wheel and a Spins wheel. The Multiplier wheel awards a multiplier according to the PAYTABLE. The Spins wheel awards a certain number of Sonic Free Spins according to the PAYTABLE. All line wins during Sonic Free Spins will be multiplied by the awarded multiplier. Landing 3 Free Spins symbols awards an additional number of Sonic Free Spins equal to the initial number awarded from the wheel. Landing 3 Free Spins symbols does not retrigger the Sonic Free Spins wheels. The last bet placed in the game is used as the Sonic Free Spins bet amount. Winnings are automatically collected during Sonic Free Spins. It is not possible to trigger Sonic Free Spins within Link&Win™. Link&Win™ Landing 3, 4 or 5 Coin symbols anywhere on the reels in base game gives a chance to trigger this feature. Landing 3, 4 or 5 Coin symbols anywhere on the reels in base game triggers ECHO CHANCE. ECHO CHANCE gives a chance of triggering Link&Win™. Landing 4 Coin symbols has a higher chance of triggering the feature than 3. Landing 5 Coin symbols has a higher chance of triggering the feature than 4. Landing 6 or more Coin symbols anywhere on the reels in base game guarantees this feature. Coin symbols only appear in base game and Link&Win™. The feature awards 3 Spins. The triggering Coin symbols from the base game will remain in place at the start of Link&Win™. When one or more Coin symbols land, they remain in place and the spin counter resets to 3. The Link&Win™ feature is played with 15 independent reels. Only Coin symbols and blank spaces appear on the reels. Each Coin symbol has a cash value or a prize. The possible cash values are 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, 10x, 12x, 15x, 18x, 20x current bet. The possible prizes are BIG, MAJOR and MEGA. The BIG prize awards 25x the current bet. The MAJOR prize awards 80x the current bet. The MEGA prize awards 300x the current bet. If all 15 reels are filled with Coin symbols, a SONIC prize of 5000x current bet is awarded in addition to the collected win amount. The feature ends when there are no more Spins or if the SONIC prize is awarded. Line wins, if any, are paid out before the feature begins. The last bet you placed in the game is used as the feature bet amount. Winnings are paid out at the end of the feature. It is not possible to trigger Link&Win™ within Sonic Free Spins. Game Terms Translations The following list is only applicable in a language other than English SONIC LINKS - SONIC LINKS ECHO CHANCE - ECHO CHANCE COIN - COIN FREE SPINS - FREE SPINS LINK&WIN™ - LINK&WIN™ SONIC FREE SPINS - SONIC FREE SPINS WILD - WILD MULTIPLIER - MULTIPLIER SPINS - SPINS 25 LINES - 25 LINES AWARD - AWARD BIG - BIG MAJOR - MAJOR MEGA - MEGA SONIC - SONIC LAST SPIN - LAST SPIN BIG WIN - BIG WIN MEGA WIN - MEGA WIN EPIC WIN - EPIC WIN JUST FOR THE WIN - JUST FOR THE WIN Game Controls Autoplay settings: Select a number of spins to auto play by selecting a value. Start and stop the Autoplay by pressing the spin button. Balance field: Displays the current account balance. Bet field: Displays the current bet size. Bet settings: Change the bet size by selecting a value. Win field: Displays the pay in a winning round. Spin Button: Start the game with the current bet size as displayed in the bet field. Clicking or tapping anywhere on the reels during a spin displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Game Menu Advanced settings: Navigate to the Responsible Gaming pages. Advanced settings: Open the Advanced Settings menu. Advanced settings: Turn Quick Spin on or off. Banking: Navigate to the Banking pages. Lobby: Navigate back to the lobby. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Sound settings: Turn sound on or off. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Autoplay Settings Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Additional Information Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 10/19/2022