Fiona's Fortune About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the number of coins multiplied by the coin size. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the bet multiplier played. Payline Rules This game includes 25 paylines. The number of paylines played is fixed. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Payline wins are awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payout Rules Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. Winning combination payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The total payout is the sum of all winning combination wins resulting from a spin. Disclaimer: The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Wild Symbols Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Free Spins Scatter symbols, Coin symbols, Link&Win™ symbols, Wheel Bonus symbols and Pot symbols. Wild symbols do not appear on reel 1. This symbol does not have a payout. Wild symbols appear in the base game and Free Spins. Express Collect™ Land Coin symbols on reels 1 - 4 and a Pot symbol on reel 5 to trigger the Express Collect™ feature. This feature awards the coin values displayed on Coin symbols. Coin values can be Credit values or the Major and Mini prizes. Wheel Bonus Land a Wheel Bonus symbol on reel 1 and a Pot symbol on reel 5 to trigger the Wheel Bonus. The wheel will spin once and award a single wedge containing a prize. 7 prizes are available. Prizes can be the Mega, Major, or Mini prizes, Link&Win™ feature, or a Multiplier. Multipliers are applied to the base game win which triggered the wheel, including any Major and Mini prizes. This feature can trigger in base game only. Link&Win™ The Link&Win™ feature awards cash prizes. The Link&Win™ feature can be triggered in the Wheel Bonus. Link&Win™ symbols can be credit values or the Major and Mini prizes. The feature begins with 3 spins. All additional Link&Win™ symbols that land are held on the reels and spins are reset to 3. Each position that is not held spins individually. The Wheel Bonus symbol, the Pot symbol and all Link&Win™ symbols are held on the reels. Wheel Bonus symbol and Pot symbol reveal Link&Win™ symbols at the end of the feature. The feature ends when no spins remain or when 15 Link&Win™ symbols are held on the reels. 15 Link&Win™ symbols award the Mega prize. The Mega prize is added to the sum of the prizes awarded on the Wheel Bonus symbol, Pot symbol and Link&Win™ symbols. Free Spins Land 3 Free Spins Scatter symbols on reels 2, 3, and 4 to trigger 10 Free Spins. Free Spins Scatter symbols are Scatter symbols. Free Spins Scatter symbol appears in both base game and Free Spins. Free Spins Scatter symbols do not have a payout. Free Spins can be retriggered. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. All lines played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Free Spins are played on a different reel set from the base game. If Free Spins and Wheel Bonus are triggered simultaneously, Free Spins are played after Wheel Bonus completes. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Play button: Continues the game. Fast Play Active Indicator: Indicates when Fast Play is active. Bet Up button: Increases the current bet up to the next highest available bet. Bet Down button: Decreases the current bet down to the next lowest available bet. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay start button: Starts Autoplay session. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Game Menu button: Displays the game settings and game payout table. Game Menu System Menu button: Displays additional system options. Help button: Displays help and additional information. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Return button: Returns to the game. Bet Settings Coin Size: Sets the coin value. Number of Coins: Sets the number of coins. Autoplay The Autoplay start button starts the Autoplay session based on your selected options. Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. If any condition is met to stop the session, all AutoPlay settings return to default. If you are disconnected, AutoPlay will stop. All AutoPlay settings return to default when the game is reloaded. Game Settings Intro Screen button: Toggle to turn the game Intro Screen on or off. Fast Play button: Toggle to turn Fast Play on or off to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Mute All Sounds button: Toggle to mute all game sounds. Background Music button: Toggle to turn background music on or off. Sound Effects button: Toggle to turn game sound effects on or off. Additional Information In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 6/7/2022