Western Gold 2 About this Game  Welcome to Western Gold 2.  This is a 5 reel 4 row video slot game.  This game has 40 lines.  It features Free Spins, Super Free Spins, Wild symbols, Buy Free Spins, Buy Super Free Spins, random cash prizes, and Scatter pays. General  Win on a line pays if the same symbol appears in succession on adjacent reels, from the leftmost position to the rightmost position according to the PAYTABLE.  Only the highest win per line is paid.  Simultaneous wins on different lines are added.  Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except Free Spins symbols, Wrangler symbols, Mustang symbols, and Scatters.  Wild symbols substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a line according to the PAYTABLE.  Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination.  Free Spins and Scatter pays cannot trigger in the same spin.  Super Free Spins and Scatter pays cannot trigger in the same spin. Wrangler symbols  Wrangler symbols only appear on reels 1 and 5 in the base game.  Landing 2 Wrangler symbols triggers the Cash Barrel and pays out a random cash prize.  Wrangler symbols do not trigger the Cash Barrel on the spin that triggers Super Free Spins.  Cash Barrel payouts are added to line wins. Scatters  In the base game, landing at least 4 Scatters anywhere on the reels in one spin pays out.  In the base game, Scatters pay when the spin is complete.  Only the highest paying count of the Scatters pays out.  The Scatter payout is awarded as a multiple of the total bet according to the PAYTABLE.  Scatter payouts are added to line wins. Free Spins  Free Spins symbols only appear on reels 2, 3, and 4 in the base game.  3 Free Spins symbols awards 3 Free Spins.  Free Spins always starts with a Multiplier of x1.  Free Spins has a Mustang symbol that exists only on reel 5.  Landing a Mustang symbol triggers the Feature Barrel.  In Free Spins, the Feature Barrel can award Cash Collect, Barrel Upgrade, Multiplier Boost, Reset Extra or Super Free Spins.  In Free Spins, Scatters do not pay when they land, instead they are collected.  Collected Scatters are tracked on the Cash Barrel.  The Scatter pay is only awarded when the feature is complete and is based on the total number of Scatters collected.  A maximum of 12 Scatters can be collected.  When one or more Scatters are collected in a spin, and the total number of Scatters collected is less than 12, the Free Spins counter is reset at the end of that spin.  When the maximum of 12 Scatters has been collected, any other Scatters remaining on the visible reel area will not be collected, and the Free Spins counter will not reset.  The maximum cumulative total win in Free Spins is capped at 25000x bet.  When the cap is reached the feature ends.  The last bet placed in the game is used as the Free Spins bet amount. Super Free Spins  Super Free Spins can be triggered from the base game or Free Spins.  Landing 3 Free Spins and 2 Wrangler symbols in the base game awards 3 Super Free Spins with a starting Multiplier of x1.  If Super Free Spins triggered from the Feature Barrel, all collected Scatters and all features unlocked in Free Spins will carry over to Super Free Spins.  The current Scatter pay on the Cash Barrel pays out at the end of each spin.  Collected Scatters are tracked on the Cash Barrel.  A maximum of 12 Scatters can be collected.  When one or more Scatters are collected in a spin, and the total number of Scatters collected is less than 12, the Free Spins counter is reset at the end of that spin.  When the maximum of 12 Scatters has been collected, any other Scatters remaining on the visible reel area will not be collected, and the Free Spins counter will not reset.  Super Free Spins has a Mustang symbol that exists only on reel 5.  The maximum cumulative total win in Super Free Spins is capped at 25000x bet.  When the cap is reached the feature ends.  Landing a Mustang symbol triggers the Feature Barrel.  In Super Free Spins the Feature Barrel can award Barrel Upgrade, Multiplier Boost or Reset Extra.  The last bet placed in the game is used as the Super Free Spins bet amount. Mustang Symbol  The Mustang symbol exists only on reel 5 in Free Spins and Super Free Spins.  When the Mustang symbol lands it resets the Free Spins counter and triggers the Feature Barrel.  When 12 Scatters are collected, the Mustang symbol does not reset the counter. Feature Barrel  The Feature Barrel can award one of the following features:  Cash Collect awards the cash prize of the Scatters currently collected on the Cash Barrel.  Cash Collect feature is available after collecting 4 Scatters.  Barrel Upgrade upgrades all the prizes on the Cash Barrel.  Barrel Upgrade feature can be triggered up to 4 times.  Multiplier Boost upgrades the Multiplier by x1.  The Multiplier has a cap at x3.  The Multiplier only applies to line wins.  Reset Extra increases the Free Spins counter reset value by 1.  The Free Spins counter has a cap of 6 spins.  Super Free Spins upgrades the current Free Spins to Super Free Spins.  Cash Collect and Super Free Spins are not available in the Feature Barrel in Super Free Spins. Buy Free Spins  In the Buy Free Spins feature, guaranteed Free Spins can be purchased at a multiple of the current bet.  3 Free Spins can be purchased for 85x the current bet.  When choosing the Buy Free Spins feature, 3 Free Spins are placed on reels 2, 3, and 4.  There is a chance to trigger Super Free Spins on a regular Free Spins purchase.  The Buy Free Spins feature may not be available in the game you are playing.  Buy Free Spins feature can only be used at any time a bet change can take place. Buy Super Free Spins  In the Buy Super Free Spins feature, guaranteed Super Free Spins can be purchased at a multiple of the current bet.  3 Super Free Spins can be purchased for 500x the current bet.  When choosing the Buy Super Free Spins feature, 3 Free Spins symbols are placed on reels 2, 3, and 4 and 2 Wrangler symbols are placed on reel 1 and 5.  The Buy Super Free Spins feature may not be available in the game you are playing.  Buy Super Free Spins feature can only be used at any time a bet change can take place. Game Terms Translations  The following list is only applicable in a language other than English  WESTERN GOLD 2 - WESTERN GOLD 2  DOUBLE BARREL - DOUBLE BARREL  SCATTER / SCATTERS - SCATTER / SCATTERS  WILD - WILD  WRANGLER - WRANGLER  WRANGLER SPIN - WRANGLER SPIN  MULTIPLIER - MULTIPLIER  MULTIPLIER BOOST - MULTIPLIER BOOST  BARREL UPGRADE - BARREL UPGRADE  RESET EXTRA - RESET EXTRA  CASH COLLECT - CASH COLLECT  LAST SPIN - LAST SPIN  FREE SPINS - FREE SPINS  SUPER FREE SPINS - SUPER FREE SPINS  CASH BARREL - CASH BARREL  BUY - BUY  BUY FREE SPINS - BUY FREE SPINS  BUY SUPER FREE SPINS - BUY SUPER FREE SPINS  BIG WIN - BIG WIN  MEGA WIN - MEGA WIN  EPIC WIN - EPIC WIN  JUST FOR THE WIN - JUST FOR THE WIN Game Controls  Autoplay settings: Select a number of spins to auto play by selecting a value. Start and stop the Autoplay by pressing the spin button.  Balance field: Displays the current account balance.  Bet field: Displays the current bet size.  Bet settings: Change the bet size by selecting a value.  Spin Button: Start the game with the current bet size as displayed in the bet field. Clicking or tapping anywhere on the reels during a spin displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin.  Win field: Displays the pay in a winning round.  Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Game Menu  Advanced settings: Navigate to the Responsible Gaming pages.  Advanced settings: Open the Advanced Settings menu.  Advanced settings: Turn Quick Spin on or off.  Banking: Navigate to the Banking pages.  Lobby: Navigate back to the lobby.  Menu button: Displays additional game options.  Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules.  Settings button: Displays the game settings.  Sound settings: Turn sound on or off.  Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Return to Player  The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time.  Values reflect the average expected return and do not change.  RTP with Buy Free Spins: 96.15%.  RTP without Buy Free Spins: 96.15%.  Values are calculated initially by dividing the total possible payouts by the total possible outcomes that are available within the game. Additional Information  Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements.  Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 9/13/2022