Fire and Roses Joker 2 All-In About this Game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Way Rules This game includes 720 ways in base game. Ways expand to 1125, 1280, 2000, or 3125 in Free Spins. A way is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other in this pattern. Ways wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier. Way wins run from left to right and right to left, starting from the first and last reel respectively. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The total bet is the number of coins multiplied by the coin size. The bet multiplier is 10. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the way cost of 10. Payout Rules Way win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The total payout is the sum of all way wins and Free Spin Scatter wins resulting from a spin. If multiple winning combinations land on a single way, only the highest win is awarded. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Wild Symbols Wild symbols appear on reels 2, 3, and 4. Wild symbols can appear stacked on the reels. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except the Free Spins Scatters. Rising Rewards™ Must Hit By Jackpots Jackpot Trigger tokens appear over symbols in the base game and Free Spins. Rising Rewards™ Jackpot values are displayed above each reel. Jackpot values are increased when Jackpot Trigger tokens land on the associated reel. A Jackpot may be awarded at its current accumulated value when at least 1 Jackpot Trigger token is collected on the associated reel. When 1 or more tokens land on reel 1, the associated Jackpot is increased by 0.4x the bet. When 1 or more tokens land on reel 2, the associated Jackpot is increased by 1x the bet. When 1 or more tokens land on reel 3, the associated Jackpot is increased by 1x the bet. When 1 or more tokens land on reel 4, the associated Jackpot is increased by 1x the bet. When 1 or more tokens land on reel 5, the associated Jackpot is increased by 0.4x the bet. Increased Jackpot values are retained across individual player sessions, until awarded. Once a jackpot is awarded, that specific Jackpot resets to its starting value. The Paytable displays the reset values for each Jackpot based on the current bet. The probability of triggering a Jackpot changes as the Jackpot values change. A Must Hit By value represents the maximum value a Rising Rewards™ Jackpot can reach. A Jackpot is instantly awarded when the Must Hit By value is reached. The Rising Rewards™ Jackpot and Must Hit By values scale with bet changes. The Paytable displays the Must Hit By values for each Jackpot based on the current bet. If this feature and the Free Spins trigger simultaneously, this feature plays out first. Abbreviated terms may be used in-game to identify the Must Hit By value. The graphical collection pot in the game is purely for visual entertainment and as such does not influence awarding a Jackpot. Free Spins Scatter Symbols Free Spins Scatters appear in the base game and Free Spins. Free Spin Scatters cannot be substituted by the Wild symbol. Free Spins Scatters may appear stacked in the base game. Free Spins Feature 1 or more Free Spins Scatters on every reel triggers the Free Spins feature. Upon trigger, each Free Spins Scatter that lands reveals either 1 additional Free Spin, 1x Free Spins Multiplier or a cash value between 0.5x and 20x the base bet. The number of Free Spins and the Free Spins Multiplier collected during the base game are awarded in the Free Spins feature. The combination awarded is determined when the feature triggers. The Free Spins feature trigger awards 1x total base bet. The Free Spins feature can be retriggered when a Free Spins Scatter lands on every reel. The feature retrigger count is equal to the number of Free Spins when starting the feature. The feature retrigger awards 1X total bet multiplied by the Free Spins Multiplier. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Rising Rewards™ Free Spins Multiplier The Free Spins Multiplier is displayed on the Free Spins Multiplier meter. The Free Spins Multiplier can increase in the base game and upon entering the Free Spins feature. The Free Spins Multiplier applies to way wins and retrigger pays during Free Spins. The Free Spins Multiplier can increase by 0.5x when Free Spins Scatters land on exactly 4 reels in the base game. The Free Spins Multiplier cannot increase during the Free Spins feature. In the Free Spins feature, the Free Spins Multiplier cannot increase when Free Spins Scatters land on exactly 4 reels. The maximum Free Spins Multiplier accumulated during the base game is 10x. The maximum Free Spins Multiplier upon entering Free Spins is 15x. The Free Spins Multiplier meter resets to 1x, 1.5x or 2x upon return to base game. Rising Rewards™ Free Spins The number of Free Spins is displayed on the Free Spins meter. The number of Free Spins can increase in the base game and upon entering the Free Spins feature. The number of Free Spins can increase by 1 when Free Spins Scatters land on exactly 4 reels in the base game. In the Free Spins feature, the number of Free Spins cannot increase when Free Spins Scatters land on exactly 4 reels. The maximum number of Free Spins accumulated during the base game is 15. The maximum number of Free Spins upon entering Free Spins is 20. The Free Spins meter resets to 5, 6 or 7 upon return to base game. Free Spins Wheel Feature Trigger the Free Spins feature to spin the Free Spins wheel. The Free Spin Wheel increases the ways to win in the Free Spins feature. The Free Spins wheel consists of a wheel divided into segments. Each segment is associated with a different number of ways to win. The landing wheel segment awards the associated number of ways to win. The Free Spins wheel awards 1 of 4 ways to win. 3125 ways to win in Free Spins. 2000 ways to win in Free Spins. 1280 ways to win in Free Spins. 1125 ways to win in Free Spins. Feature Buy Use a Feature Buy option to trigger the Free Spins Feature. Feature options available are: Start the Free Spins feature with 5 Free Spins and 1x multiplier. Start the Free Spins feature with the accumulated number of Free Spins and Free Spins Multiplier. Features are purchased at the prices displayed. Free Spins are played at the current bet. This feature is available in the base game only. This feature may not be available above a certain bet threshold. Some of these options may not be available in your location. Win Booster™ does not affect Feature Buy. Win Booster™ Win Booster™ increases the chance to land Free Spins Scatters. Activating Win Booster™ increases the chance to trigger the Free Spins feature. The boosted bet consists of your current bet plus an extra bet. Activating the Win Booster™ increases the total bet by 1x. Win Booster™ does not affect ways pays. Activating this feature does not affect symbol pays. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current base bet. This feature may not be available above a certain bet threshold. The Win Booster™ feature is available in the base game only. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. A bet amount must be set before starting the Autoplay session, as Autoplay plays with the last bet value. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Triggering any feature will stop Autoplay. This feature is available in the base game only. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Autoplay can be stopped at any time. This does not influence the results of the spin. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Credits: Displays the current balances. The balance is displayed in currency and is available in the console bar. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Bet Decrease button: Decreases the current bet. Bet Increase button: Increases the current bet. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. AutoPlay Stop button: Displays the number of spins remaining and can stop the session. This does not influence the results of the spin. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Quickspin button: Disables Quickspin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Spacebar: Pressing this keyboard button starts or stops a spin. This does not influence the result of the spin. Exit button: Exits the game. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Return button: Returns to the game. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Help button: Displays help and additional information. Game History button: Displays game win history information. Banking button: Displays the banking page. Lobby button: Exits the game. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Sounds: Disables game sounds. Loyalty Transaction History Player Protection Responsible Gaming Discard Video button: Displays In-game information. Game Settings The Settings panel provides access to multiple game settings. Bet Amount: Sets the current bet value. Bet Value buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Max Bet button: Sets the current bet to the maximum value. Win: Displays the most recent win. Once the reels stop, winning combinations are highlighted. The win amount is displayed in the win box. Music: Enables game music. All Sounds setting controls all sounds, including game and background sounds. Game Sounds setting controls console and spin sounds, as well as sounds for winning combinations and sequences. (Only enabled if All Sounds is ON.) Background Music setting controls background music. (Only enabled if All Sounds is ON.) Buy Feature button: Displays the option to purchase the Feature Buy feature. The spin button can be repositioned by selecting it and choosing a preferred position. Spacebar: Pressing this keyboard button starts or stops a spin. This does not influence the result of the spin. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of additional game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired, the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. This feature is only available in selected games. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. RTP:94.05% Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Last modification date: 11/18/2025