Fish Em Up About this Game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. This game is played with credits only. Spins within the Free Spins feature will be called free spins. Spins within the Bonus feature will be called bonus spins. Payline Rules This game includes 20 paylines. The number of paylines played is fixed. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. Payout Rules Wins are multiplied by the total bet. Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Free Spins symbols pay scattered. Coinciding wins on different paylines are added to the win. The win count-up will continue to the payout limit of this game. Wild Symbols Wild symbols appear in base game and Free Spins feature. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except free spins, bonus, Catch Booster and 1UP symbols. Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. Catch Booster Feature This feature is available in base game and Free Spins. Fish symbols appear on reels 1-4. Fish symbols can have a value between 0.2x and 50x the total bet. Catch Booster feature triggers whenever a Collect symbol lands on reel 5. When a Collect symbol lands on reel 5, the total amount of all fish symbols on screen is awarded multiplied with the value of the Catch Booster feature. The multiplier starts with a value of 1x and increases with each 1UP symbol landing on the reels. After the multiplier has been applied, the multiplier will reset to 1x in the base game but does not reset during Free Spins until the completion of the feature. The multiplier can increase up to 10x. The Catch Booster feature does not apply to payline wins. Free Spins Feature Landing 3 free spins symbols scattered on reels 1,3 and 5 will trigger the Free Spins feature. The feature awards the player 10 free spins to start. Feature starts with the Catch Booster multiplier value of 1x. Each 1UP landing during the feature increases the Catch Booster multiplier by 1x. If the Catch Booster reaches a value of 4x, 5 extra free spins are awarded. If the Catch Booster reaches a value of 7x, 5 extra free spins are awarded. If the Catch Booster reaches a value of 10x, 5 extra free spins are awarded. The Catch Booster feature wins and payline wins from the feature are added to Total Win for each spin. The feature ends when there are no remaining free spins left. The free spins are free to the player. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins and Catch Booster wins resulting from a spin. The Bonus feature cannot be triggered within the feature. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. All lines played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Bonus Feature Landing an overlay shell symbol grants a chance of triggering the Bonus feature. The feature awards the player 3 bonus spins to start. During the feature there are fish symbols and prize symbols that can land on the reels. For each fish symbol or prize symbol that lands the bonus spins will reset to 3. Fish symbols will remain in position until the end of the spins. Prize symbols (Mini, Midi, Maxi, Mega) will land and be collected into a meter connected to each prize. The first two prize symbols to land connected to one of the four different prizes will be removed from the reels after collected. The third symbol connected to a specific prize that lands will mark that prize as won and the symbol will remain on the reels until the bonus is finished. The prize symbols will pay fixed wins of 30x bet (Mini), 100x bet (Midi), 500x bet (Maxi) and 5000x bet (Mega). The feature ends when there are no remaining bonus spins left or there are no remaining landing positions available. The total win from the feature will be payed out at the end of the bonus with all the fish values on the reels added together with any prize wins achieved. If the player fills the entire grid with symbols, the player is awarded the Mega prize of 5000x bet. The Free Spins feature cannot be triggered inside the feature. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. The bonus spins are free to the player. Buy Feature The Buy feature costs 70 times the total bet amount. The feature is played at the current bet. Activating this feature will instantly trigger the Free Spins feature. This feature is not available above a certain bet threshold. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Buy feature does not affect the Catch Booster feature This feature is available in base game only. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Bet: Set the current bet value. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Aborting Autoplay or stopping the reels during Autoplay will not affect the outcome of the game. Autoplay will automatically stop if a Bonus or Free Spin feature is triggered. This feature is available in base game only. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Bet Increase button: Increases the current bet. Bet Decrease button: Decreases the current bet. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Buy Feature button: Displays the option to purchase the Free Spins feature. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Balance: Displays the current balances. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Game Menu Home button: Exits the game. Paytable button: Displays payout tables. Bet Settings Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Game Terminology FISH 'EM UP = FISH 'EM UP FREE SPINS = FREE SPINS BONUS SPINS = BONUS SPINS BONUS = BONUS CATCH BOOSTER = CATCH BOOSTER WILD = WILD MINI = MINI MIDI = MIDI MAXI = MAXI MEGA = MEGA 1UP = 1UP COLLECT = COLLECT BIG CATCH = BIG CATCH EPIC CATCH = EPIC CATCH KING CATCH = KING CATCH CRAZY CATCH = CRAZY CATCH BUY = BUY START = START SPIN = SPIN STOP = STOP Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Start to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Use Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select No Thanks to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. This feature is only available in selected games. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Values are calculated initially by piding the total payouts by the total bets from a simulation of numerous game rounds. Values reflect the average expected return and do not change. Last modification date: 6/25/2024