Amazing Link Bounty About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. l Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the number of paylines played. l The total bet is based on the initial bet placed on each payline played. Payline Rules l This game includes 20 paylines. l The number of paylines played is fixed. l A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. l A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. l Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Payout Rules The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. l Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. l Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. l The total payout is the sum of all payline wins resulting from a spin. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. A click or tap on the reels stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Spin Settings button: Displays additional spin options. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Bet Increase button: Increases the current bet. Bet Decrease button: Decreases the current bet. l Bet: Displays the current total bet. l Win: Displays the most recent win. l Credits: Displays the current balances. Pick Feature Autoplay button: Automatically selects icons in the Pick Feature. This does not influence the results of the feature. Buy Feature button: Displays the option to purchase Free Spins. l Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Game Menu Menu button: Displays additional game options. Home button: Exits the game. Banking button: Displays the banking page. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. l The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. l The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. l Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Wild Symbols Bounty Hunter symbols are Wild symbols. Bounty Hunter symbols can substitute for all symbols except Bonus and Amazing symbols. Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. Amazing Link™ Feature 6 or more Amazing symbols anywhere on the reels trigger this feature. l 3 free respins are awarded. Triggering Amazing symbols are locked in place while all other symbol positions respin. Any additional Amazing symbols that land are locked in place and reset the remaining respins to 3. l The feature ends when all positions are filled or respins are finished. l Amazing symbol prize values are based on total bet. All prizes are awarded at the end of the feature. l The MEGA prize is awarded when all positions are filled with Amazing symbols. Free Spins Bonus symbols appear on reels 1, 3 and 5 in base game. l Bonus symbols appear on all regular reels in Free Spins. l Bonus symbols do not appear on Amazing Reels. Bonus symbols do not have a payout. l 3 Bonus symbols anywhere on the reels trigger this feature. l Choose the number of Free Spins and Amazing Reels. l Some selections are unlocked by playing the Free Spins. l Amazing Reels have only Wild and Amazing symbols. l Each Bonus symbol that lands awards an extra Free Spin. Bonus symbols upgrade the reel to an Amazing Reel for the remainder of the Free Spins. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. l All lines played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. l Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Pick Feature This feature can trigger after any spin or Amazing Link™ feature in base game only. l Amazing symbols that land during the base game collect above the reels. Collected symbols can randomly trigger the Pick feature. l Match 3 icons to win the respective prize. If the Amazing Link™ feature triggers during the base game, all Amazing symbols collect when the feature completes. Buy Feature l Instantly trigger Free Spins Selection at the current bet. l The Buy Feature cost is the Total Bet multiplied by 50. l The Buy Feature may not be available above a certain bet threshold. l This feature may not be available in this game. Game Terminology l The following are translations of game terms that may appear in English in the game. l MEGA = MEGA l MAJOR = MAJOR l MINOR = MINOR l MINI = MINI Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Values are calculated initially by dividing the total possible payouts by the total possible outcomes that are available within the game. l Values reflect the maximum expected return and do not change. l Overall RTP: 94.20%. l The RTP during the Buy Feature is 94.20%. The probability of triggering certain game events may change during gameplay depending on the current game state or progress. Last modification date: 7/26/2022