Thunderstruck Wild Lightning About this Game This is a 5 reel 4 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Payline Rules This game includes 40 paylines. The number of paylines played is fixed. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the number of coins multiplied by the coin size. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the paylines played. Payout Rules Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. Wild Symbols Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Scatters and Thunderball symbols. Wilds multiply wins by either 2x or 5x when substituting in base game. Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. Wilds can be stacked in base game. Scatter Symbols Scatters can create their own winning combination when landing anywhere on the reels. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Scatter wins are added to regular wins. Thunderball Symbols Thunderball symbols appear on all reels in base game. Thunderball symbols in base game can be blue or gold in colour. Every gold Thunderball symbol that lands is collected. Gold Thunderball symbols appear on reels 4 and 5 only. The graphical collection pot in the game is purely for visual entertainment and as such does not influence awarding a jackpot. Thunderball symbols pay during the Link&Win™ feature. Thunderball symbols award cash prizes or jackpot prizes. Thunderball symbols do not create their own winning combination when landing anywhere on the reels. Changing the bet size in the base game will update the potential cash prizes on the Thunderball symbols. Link&Win™ Feature 6 or more Thunderball symbols trigger the Link&Win™ feature. This feature can trigger in base game only. The Link&Win™ feature starts with 4 rows open and 4 rows locked. 3 spins are awarded at the start of the feature. Only Thunderball symbols and blank positions appear on the reels. Thunderball symbols display cash prizes and jackpot prizes during the feature. Regular Thunderball symbols appear on all rows and display cash prizes. Thunderball symbols with jackpot prizes only appear on rows 5 - 8, during the Link&Win™ feature. The triggering Thunderball symbols are held in place during the feature, and the remaining symbol positions spin independently. Each new Thunderball symbol that lands is held for the remaining spins. If additional Thunderball symbols land, the number of spins will be reset to 3. Additional rows can be unlocked by landing a specific number of Thunderball symbols during the feature. 15, 20, 25 and 30 symbols unlock row 5, 6, 7 and 8 sequentially. All Thunderball cash prizes and jackpots in unlocked rows are awarded at the end of the Link&Win™ feature. The Link&Win™ feature ends when no spins remain or all reel positions are filled to win the Mega jackpot. Jackpots Jackpots can be awarded during the Link&Win™ feature. The Mega jackpot awards 15000x the total bet. The Major jackpot awards 150x the total bet. The Minor jackpot awards 50x the total bet. The Mini jackpot awards 25x the total bet. The Mega jackpot is awarded when all reel positions are filled with Thunderball symbols. Free Spins Selection 3 or more Scatters anywhere trigger the Free Spins Selection. Any unlocked feature can be selected. Additional features sequentially unlock after a number of feature triggers. Free Spins There are 5 Free Spins features. Free Spins play out automatically. Jotunheim Free Spins awards 15 Free Spins and Wilds multiply wins by 2x, 3x or 5x. This feature is unlocked on the first Free Spins trigger. Vanaheim Free Spins awards 12 Free Spins and Wilds multiply wins by 2x, 4x or 6x. This feature is unlocked after 5 Free Spins triggers. Alfheim Free Spins awards 9 Free Spins and Wilds multiply wins by 3x, 5x or 8x. This feature is unlocked after 10 Free Spins triggers. Nidavellir Free Spins awards 6 Free Spins and Wilds multiply wins by 5x, 8x or 12x. This feature is unlocked after 15 Free Spins triggers. There is no additive or multiplicative effect if multiple Wilds substitute in a win. 3 or more Scatters retriggers the number of Free Spins initially triggered. The Svartalfheim Free Spin is unlocked by collecting 20 Scatter pairs in base game. The feature is unlocked for the next Free Spins Selection trigger. When only 2 Scatter symbols land on a spin these are collected into a Scatter collector. The Scatter collector is reset after the WildStorm feature has been played. Svartalfheim Free Spin awards 1 Free Spin with the WildStorm feature. The WildStorm feature can turn up to 5 reels Wild. Wild Reels pay out as separate symbols. During WildStorm if no win is achieved, the Scatter collector is refilled. The Svartalfheim Free Spin cannot be retriggered. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Wild Lightning Feature This feature is triggered when a Wild symbol lands on reels 2, 3 and 4 during Free Spins. The triggering Wild symbol activates that symbol position. When another Wild symbol lands in that same position the reel becomes Wild for that spin. The Wild Reel is active for the triggering spin only. Once a Wild Reel is awarded, the charged location is removed. There is a chance that random symbol positions can already be activated on entry into a Free Spins feature. The Vanaheim, Alfheim, and Nidavellir Free Spins features can have up to 1, 2 or 3 activated positions respectively. Wild Reels pay out as separate symbols. This feature does not trigger in the Svartalfheim Free Spin feature. Playlist Feature The Playlist features 5 song tracks that can be changed during base game. Song tracks can be changed by selecting song titles on the Playlist interface. The Playlist feature is for entertainment purposes only and has no bearing on game play. Game Menu Menu button: Displays additional game options. Lobby button: Exits the game. Banking button: Displays the banking page. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Game Controls Credits: Displays the current balances. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. X button: Exits the game. Autoplay Settings Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. This feature is available in base game only. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Until Stop: Autoplay will continue until the Stop button is selected. Bet Settings Total Bet: Displays the total bet. Coin Size: Sets the coin value. Coins Bet: Sets the number of coins to bet. Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Max Bet button: Sets the current bet to the maximum value. Game Settings Quickspin: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Voice Overs: Enables voice over sounds. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. Last modification date: 1/25/2022