Oink Farm About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Payline Rules This game includes 20 paylines. The number of paylines played is fixed. Line wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right only on adjacent reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payout Rules Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins resulting from a spin. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Wild Symbol Wilds can substitute for other symbols. Wilds can substitute for all symbols except Scatters and Oink Coin symbol. Oink Coin Collect Each reel has a Coin Meter located above it. Each Oink Coin that lands is added to the corresponding Coin Meter. Collect 3 Oink Coins in a Coin Meter to trigger the Wild Reel feature on that reel. Oink Coins do not appear on active Wild Reels. Coin Meters persist for each bet level. Wild Reel The Wild Reel feature makes all positions on a reel wild. In base game, Wild Reels are active for 3 spins. In Free Spins, Wild Reels remain until the feature ends. Free Spins Scatters are visible through the Wild Reel. Scatter Symbols Land 3 Scatters to trigger Free Spins. Scatter appears in base game on reels 2, 3 and 4. This symbol does not have a payout. Free Spins Land 3 Scatters in base game to trigger 10 Free Spins. Scatters appear on reels 2, 3 and 4. Land 1 Scatter in Free Spins for 2 extra spins. Collect 3 Oink Coins in a Coin Meter to trigger the Wild Reel feature on that reel. In Free Spins, Wild Reels remain until the feature ends. All bets and lines played are the same as the spin that triggered the feature. Eggs Rush Eggs Rush can randomly trigger on any spin in base game. Egg Symbols appear on top of Chicken Symbols. Collect Egg Symbols to trigger the Eggs Rush bonus game. Pick a Chicken until you match 3 Eggs. 3 Simple Eggs award a Mini Jackpot: 15x total bet. 3 Bronze Eggs award a Minor Jackpot: 50x total bet. 3 Silver Eggs award a Major Jackpot: 500x total bet. 3 Golden Eggs award a Grand Jackpot: 5000x total bet. Game Controls Item Description Balance box Displays your Casino balances. Bet box Displays your total bet amount per spin. Win box Displays your most recent wins. Bet button Displays your bet options. Depending on your game some of these bet options may not apply. (+) or (-) Selects the total amount you want to bet. Bet Size Selects the bet size you want to bet. Bet Value Selects the bet value you want to bet per spin. Max Bet button Places the maximum bet permitted. Depending on your game, this can convert the bet size and the bet value to the maximum bet permitted. Spin button Starts the game. Stop button Displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Quick spin button Quick spin increases the reel spin speed to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. AutoPlay button Displays the AutoPlay options where you can select to spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game. AutoPlay Stop button Displays the number of spins remaining and can stop the session. This does not influence the results of the spin. Paytable button Displays the game payout tables. Menu button Displays the game settings. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Values are calculated initially by dividing the total payouts by the total bets from a simulation of numerous game rounds. Values reflect the maximum expected return and do not change. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Overall RTP: 94.52%. Translation of Game Terms The translated terms are only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. Oink Farm - Oink Farm Big Win - Big Win Mega Win - Mega Win Oink Win - Oink Win (Epic Win) Mini - Mini (prize) Minor - Minor (prize) Major - Major (prize) Grand - Grand (prize) Last modification date: 1/5/2023