Deadmau5 About this Game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Way Rules This game includes 243 ways. A way is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other in this pattern. Way wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the way cost of 10. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the ways played. Payout Rules Way win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The total payout is the sum of all way wins and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. If multiple winning combinations land on a single way, only the highest win is awarded. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Scatter Symbol Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Scatters are not removed in the Rolling Reels™ feature in the base game. Scatters can create their own winning combination when landing anywhere on the reels. Wild Symbol This symbol appears on reels 3, 4 and 5 only. The Wild Symbol creates a wild symbol stack. Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Scatters. Drop The Wild™ Feature This feature can randomly trigger on any spin. A random reel is transformed into a Wild reel. Only reels 2, 3, and 4 can be transformed. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. This feature can trigger in base game only. Rolling Reels™ Feature This feature triggers after any ways win. Winning symbols are removed from the reels and the symbols above move into the empty spaces. The feature continues until no winning combinations are present on the reels. This feature can trigger in base game and Free Spins. This feature includes a Multiplier Trail in Free Spins. The win multiplier value increases on every consecutive trigger. The multipliers are 2X, 3X, 4X, 5X, 10X. The Multiplier Trail resets when all rolls are complete. Rolling Reels™ cannot trigger during the Drop The Wild™ feature. Free Spins 3, 4 or 5 Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels trigger this feature. 15, 20 or 25 Free Spins are awarded respectively. Free Spins play out automatically. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. All ways played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Free Spins cannot be retriggered. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Credits: Displays the casino balances. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Desktop Controls Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Max Bet button: Sets the current bet to the maximum value. Exit button: Exits the game. Mobile Controls Spin Settings button: Displays additional spin options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Game Menu Menu button: Displays additional game options. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Help button: Displays help and additional information. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Home button: Exits the game. Bet Settings Bet Size: Sets the current bet value. Bet Value buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Max Bet button: Sets the current bet to the maximum value. Game Settings Quickspin: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Show Mini Paytables: Enables symbol payout display. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The casino balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last spin played are displayed. If a spin request does not reach the casino server before disconnection, the results of the previous spin played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. This game has an RTP of 95.22%. This value is fixed and does not change. The maximum win from a single game is 240.000 Last modification date: 11/5/2020