Anvil and Ore About this Game This is a 5 reel 5 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. This game includes 3125 ways. Total winnings per transaction is limited to 5000x base bet. A transaction is all payouts and games that may occur as a result of a bet. If the transaction win limit is reached the win will be awarded and any remaining win amounts, Rolling Reels, Free Spins, Upsizer and Upsizer Max coins are forfeit. Upsizer™ Feature This feature allows additional Free Spins modifiers to be purchased before the Free Spins feature begins. The feature may be limited or made inaccessible while your bet exceeds a specified amount. This feature incorporates a coin collect Upsizer Trail and an Upsizer Buy mechanism. Two types of coin can be collected: Upsizer coins and Upsizer Max coins. The collected Upsizer coins land at random on the base game reels and will progressively unlock greater Free Spins modifiers. The Free Spins modifiers are grouped into 9 Upsizer modifier levels in the Upsizer Trail. The modifiers in the current Upsizer level are activated when Free Spins begin. The Upsizer levels award the following Free Spins modifiers: Level 1 - 6 Starting Free Spins, a 10x win multiplier cap. Level 2 - 7 Starting Free Spins, a 10x win multiplier cap. Level 3 - 8 Starting Free Spins, a 10x win multiplier cap. Level 4 - 8 Starting Free Spins, a 20x win multiplier cap. Level 5 - 8 Starting Free Spins, a 20x win multiplier cap, 1 guaranteed Echo Roll win. Level 6 - 9 Starting Free Spins, a 20x win multiplier cap, 1 guaranteed Echo Roll win. Level 7 - 10 Starting Free Spins, a 20x win multiplier cap, 1 guaranteed Echo Roll win. Level 8 - 11 Starting Free Spins, a 20x win multiplier cap, 1 guaranteed Echo Roll win. Level 9 - 12 Starting Free Spins, a 50x win multiplier cap, 2 guaranteed Echo Roll wins. The number of Upsizer coins required to unlock each subsequent Upsizer level is: Level 1 – 0 Level 2 – 10 Level 3 – 20 Level 4 – 30 Level 5 – 40 Level 6 – 50 Level 7 – 60 Level 8 – 75 Level 9 – 100 Once Upsizer level 9 is unlocked, additional Upsizer coins can continue to be collected. Upsizer Coins In the base game, Upsizer coins will randomly land on the reels attached to symbols. The Upsizer coins are then collected and the tally can be seen in the Upsizer Trail. The number of collected Upsizer coins is proportional to the base bet. The number of collected Upsizer coins displayed is rounded down to the nearest whole number. The number of collected Upsizer coins is shown as a number proportional to the number of coins needed to unlock the next Upsizer level. The number of Upsizer coins needed to unlock each Upsizer level is a fixed and does not change. Free Spins is triggered with 3 Scatters. If there are additional Scatters on the reels on trigger, each additional Scatter will award 50 Upsizer coins. When triggering Free Spins with 3 Scatters, the collected Upsizer coins used to unlock the current Upsizer level are deducted from the Upsizer coin collection. Any coins that were additional to the current level are retained and added to Upsizer coins won from the Upsizer Wheel. Upsizer Max Coins In the base game, 1 Upsizer Max coin is awarded and collected when 3 or more Scatter symbols land on the reels. When 5 Upsizer Max coins are collected, Free Spins will be triggered and will play out at the highest Upsizer level after any wins have been awarded. No Upsizer coins are deducted when triggering Free Spins with Upsizer Max coins. After Free Spins, the 5 collected Upsizer Max coins will be reset. Upsizer Buy This feature allows higher Upsizer levels to be purchased before Free Spins begins. After triggering Free Spins with 3 Scatters, any available Upsizer levels are presented with their calculated purchase costs. Once a modifier is selected, a confirmation prompt will appear. Tapping '✓' will confirm your choice and the Upsizer level will be purchased. Tapping 'X' will cancel your choice. Selecting the 'Start Free Spins' button will start the Free Spins feature. The Upsizer Buy feature functionality may not be available in all regions. This feature functionality may be limited or made inaccessible while your bet exceeds a specified amount. Selecting the '?' button displays a dialog box with descriptions of the Free Spins modifiers. Rolling Reels™ Feature The feature is active during the base game and Free Spins. This feature triggers after any win. All winning symbols are removed from the reels and any remaining symbols drop down. New symbols then move on to the reels from above to fill the empty spaces. If new winning combinations are formed, the feature triggers again. The feature continues until no winning combinations are present on the reels. Scatters are not removed from the reels during Rolling Reels. This feature includes a Multiplier Trail in Free Spins only. The Multiplier Trail is a range of potential win multipliers. The win multipliers start at 1x. The win multiplier value increases by 1 on every consecutive trigger. The Multiplier Trail does not reset for the duration of Free Spins. The maximum possible win multiplier is 10x for Upsizer levels 1-3, 20x for Upsizer levels 4-8, and 50x for Upsizer level 9. Echo Roll™ Feature The feature can trigger during the base game and Free Spins. Echo Roll will randomly award an additional symbol win after any preceding win. Echo Roll fills all empty positions on the reels with a randomly selected symbol to award a guaranteed win. Upsizer levels 5-8 award one guaranteed Echo Roll trigger during Free spins. Upsizer level 9 awards two guaranteed Echo Roll triggers during Free spins. Echo Roll does not award Scatter symbols. Free Spins In the base game 3 Scatter symbols on the reels will trigger Free Spins at the current Upsizer level. In the base game any Scatter symbols that are additional to the 3 triggering Scatters will each award 50 Upsizer coins. The Free Spins win multiplier will increase by 1 after every win. The Free Spins win multiplier is cumulative and does not reset until the end of the feature. Each Scatter that lands awards an extra Free Spin. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. All ways played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Free Spins play out automatically. Free Spins cannot be retriggered. Free Spins will end once the final win amount is awarded. Upsizer Wheel When Free Spins end, a free Upsizer Wheel will be presented. The wheel is spun by selecting it. The wheel will stop at a random and award 10, 20, 30, 40, 50, 65, 80, 100, 125, or 150 Upsizer coins. Buy Feature The Buy feature allows you to purchase immediate access to Free Spins and the Upsizer Wheel. Tapping the active Buy Bonus button will open the Buy Bonus selection screen. The dialog box contains two purchasable options to enter Free Spins: Option 1 - Random Upsizer selection: An Upsizer level equal to or greater than the current level will be randomly awarded. When buying a Random Upsizer level, any collected Upsizer coins needed to unlock your current Upsizer level are deducted. Option 2 - Upsizer Max: Free Spins will start at the highest Upsizer level. When buying Upsizer Max, any collected Upsizer coins needed to unlock Upsizer Max are deducted. Once a selection has been made, the calculated purchase cost will be displayed. Tapping '✓' will confirm your choice and Free Spins will begin. Tapping the 'X' button will return the Upsizer selection. Tapping outside of the Buy feature selection will close it. This feature is available in base game only. If Upsizer Max costs less than the Random Upsizer selection, the Random option is removed. The feature may be limited or made inaccessible while your bet exceeds a specified amount. The feature may not be available in all regions. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the current total bet pided by the way cost of 30. Way Rules This game includes 3125 ways. A way is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs across the reels. Way wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other in this pattern. Payout Rules Way win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. If multiple winning combinations land on a single way, only the highest win is awarded. The total payout is the sum of all way wins resulting from a spin. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Wild Symbols Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Scatters. Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a way combination. Autoplay This feature is available in base game only. Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Selecting an autoplay option button will set the number of spins and start Autoplay AutoPlay plays with the last bet value you selected, so you must select a bet amount before starting AutoPlay. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Autoplay Options AutoPlay options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. Number of spins: Set the number of spins you want to play. Bet settings: Set the bet amount you want to play. Until stop: Set the session to play until you select to stop. This does not influence the results of the spin. Stop if a win exceeds or equals: Stop the session if the win exceeds or equals the amount selected. Win Limit or If win at least: Stop the session if the win exceeds or equals the amount selected. Loss Limit or If amount drops by: Stop the session if your balance decreases and drops below or equals the amount selected. Stop once all spins are complete: Stop after playing the number of spins selected. Stop on any win: Stop the session if you win on a spin. Stop if credits increase by: Stop the session if your balance increases and exceeds or equals the amount selected. Stop if credits decrease by: Stop the session if your balance decreases and drops below or equals the amount selected. Stop on a feature: Stops if Free Spins or another bonus feature is activated. Bet Settings Quick Bet: Displays a range of quick betting options to select your total bet amount. Advanced: (+) or (-) Selects the total amount you want to bet. Max Bet: Available in both Quick Bet and Advanced modes, places the maximum bet permitted. Bet options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. Game Settings Sounds: Enables game sounds. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. This feature is only available in selected games. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Depending on the game you are playing, the RTP value may be defined as a single value or defined by the different stages or modes of the game. Values are calculated initially by piding the total possible payouts by the total possible outcomes that are available within the game. Values reflect the maximum expected return and do not change. RTP: 94.24%. RTP in Upsizer™: 94.24%. RTP with Buy Feature: 94.24%. The probability of triggering certain game events may change during gameplay depending on the current game state or progress. Last modification date: 8/14/2023