Silverback Multiplier Mountain About this Game Welcome to Silverback Multiplier Mountain. This is a 6 reel 4 row video slot game. This game includes 4096 ways. It features Free Spins with increasing multiplier, Wild symbols and Buy Free Spins feature. General Only the highest win per Way is paid. Simultaneous wins on different Ways are added. Way wins run from left to right, starting from the first reel, according to the PAYTABLE. Malfunction Voids all pays and plays. Wild symbols Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except Scatter symbols. Wild symbols substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a Way according to the PAYTABLE. Free Spins In the base game, landing 3, 4, 5, or 6 Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels award 10, 15, 20, and 30 Free Spins, respectively. Free Spins begins with a multiplier of X1. Every individual win in Free Spins is multiplied by the current multiplier. Wins during Free Spins are added to the total win. After all wins are added to the total win on a winning spin, the multiplier and the number of spins remaining increases by 1. One extra spin is awarded for every Scatter symbol that lands in Free Spins. The last bet placed in the game is used as the Free Spins bet amount. Buy Free Spins In the Buy Free Spins feature, guaranteed Free Spins can be purchased at a multiple of the current bet. At least 10 Free Spins can be purchased for 90X the current bet. When choosing the Buy Free Spins feature, the Scatter symbols are placed randomly on reels 1, 2 and 3. When choosing the Buy Free Spins feature, there is a chance to land more Scatter symbols on reels 4, 5 and 6. The Buy Free Spins feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Game Terms Translations The following list is only applicable in a language other than English SILVERBACK MULTIPLIER MOUNTAIN - SILVERBACK MULTIPLIER MOUNTAIN MULTIPLIER - MULTIPLIER WILD - WILD SCATTER - SCATTER FREE SPINS - FREE SPINS BUY FREE SPINS - BUY FREE SPINS WAY - WAY WAYS - WAYS ANY WIN - ANY WIN UP TO 5400X - UP TO 5400X +1 SPIN - +1 SPIN WIN UP TO 25 000X - WIN UP TO 25 000X BIG WIN - BIG WIN MEGA WIN - MEGA WIN EPIC WIN - EPIC WIN JUST FOR THE WIN - JUST FOR THE WIN Game Controls Autoplay settings: Select a number of spins to auto play by the up and down arrows or by selecting a value directly. Start and stop the Autoplay by pressing the spin button. Balance field: Displays the current account balance. Bet field: Displays the current bet size. Bet settings: Change the bet size by the up and down arrows or by selecting a value directly. Spin Button: Start the game with the current bet size as displayed in the bet field. Clicking or tapping anywhere on the reels during a spin displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Win field: Displays the pay in a winning round. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Game Menu Advanced settings: Navigate to the Responsible Gaming pages. Advanced settings: Open the Advanced Settings menu. Advanced settings: Turn Quick Spin on or off. Banking: Navigate to the Banking pages. Lobby: Navigate back to the lobby. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Sound settings: Turn sound on or off. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Autoplay Settings Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. This value is fixed and does not change. This game has an RTP of 96.33% with Buy Free Spins. This game has an RTP of 96.22% without Buy Free Spins. Last modification date: 7/22/2021