King of Alexandria About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Playing the Game The balance is displayed in currency and is available in the console bar. Select the spin button to spin the reels. Select the stop button to stop the current reel spin. This can also be done by selecting the reels. This does not influence the results of the spin. Once the reels stop, winning combinations are highlighted. The win amount is displayed in the win box. If there is no winning combination, the game is completed. Payline Rules The number of paylines played is fixed. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. Payline wins run from left to right and right to left, starting from the first and last reel respectively. Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. This game includes 10 paylines. Total bet is 10X the bet per line. All line wins are multiplied by the bet per line. Payout Rules The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins resulting from a spin. Wild Symbols The Wild symbol can only appear on reels 2, 3, and 4. The Wild symbol can substitute for all symbols except the Jackpot Trigger symbol. Upon landing, the Wild symbol expands to cover the entire reel. Respin Feature 1 or more Wild symbols appearing anywhere on reels 2, 3, or 4 activates the Respin feature.1 Free Respin is awarded. The respins awarded will play out automatically. During the Respin feature, the Wild symbol expands to cover the entire reel and locks in place while the other reels respin. If a new Wild symbol lands during a respin, it expands and locks along with any previously expanded Wild symbols for another respin. Up to 2 additional Wild symbols can appear after a Wild symbol activates a respin, triggering an additional respin, for a maximum of 3 respins. The Respin feature ends when no new Wild symbols appear during a respin. All bets and lines played are the same as the spin that triggered the Respin feature. Jackpot Trigger symbols do not appear during the Respin feature. Wild symbols are available during the base game and the Respin feature. All wins are awarded once the feature is complete. Jackpot Wheel Jackpot Trigger symbols may appear over all symbols except the Wild symbol. The Jackpot Trigger symbols only appear on reels 2, 3, and 4. Collecting Jackpot Trigger symbols grants a chance of triggering a spin of the Jackpot Wheel. Only the Jackpot Trigger symbols collected on the current spin contribute to the chance of triggering a jackpot. The Jackpot Wheel awards 1 of 4 guaranteed jackpots. The Jackpot Wheel consists of a wheel divided into coloured segments. Each segment is associated with a different jackpot.The landing wheel segment will award the associated jackpot. If you activate the Jackpot Wheel and the Respin feature, the Jackpot Wheel activates first. Then the Respin feature activates. Wins from both are then added to your winnings. The graphical collection pot in the game is purely for visual entertainment and as such does not influence awarding a jackpot. Some of these options may not be available in your location. Autoplay Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. A bet amount must be set before starting the Autoplay session, as Autoplay plays with the last bet value. Autoplay can be stopped at any time. This does not influence the results of the spin. Triggering the Jackpot Wheel will stop Autoplay. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Bet Selection Each spin played costs a total bet amount. Select the bet on a mobile device by selecting Bet in the console bar or by selecting the Bet icon. Select the bet in desktop with the Increment and Decrement icons on the console bar. Also, select the bet from the Main Menu using the Bet icon, or by selecting the bet area. Settings The Settings panel provides access to multiple game settings. To access the Settings panel, open the Main Menu and select the Settings icon. Choose which settings to turn on or off. Quick Spin setting increases the speed of the slot reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. All Sounds setting controls all sounds, including game and background sounds. Game Sounds setting controls console and spin sounds, as well as sounds for winning combinations and sequences. (Only enabled if All Sounds is ON.) Background Music setting controls background music. (Only enabled if All Sounds is ON.) Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued Last modification date: 1/22/2025