Hyper Strike CASH Megaways About this Game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form winning combinations. The payout is dependent on the winning combinations formed. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Way Rules A way is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs across the reels. All way wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right in any position on adjacent reels only. Each reel alone, can have up to 7 symbols. Each spin can have up to 117649 ways to win. Ways wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the ways played. Payout Rules The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. Way win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The total payout is the sum of all way wins and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. If multiple winning combinations land on a single way, only the highest win is awarded. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Wild Symbols Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Scatters. Wild symbols appear on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5 only. Scatter Symbols Free Spins, Retrigger and Epic Strike™ Scatter symbols are Scatter symbols. Scatters cannot be substituted by the Wild symbols. Scatters are not removed in the Rolling Reels™ feature. Scatters pay in any position. Scatters have their own payout. Scatters pay once this feature is complete. Epic Strike™ The Epic Strike™ Scatter is a Scatter symbol. or more Epic Strike™ Scatters appearing anywhere on the reels pays Only the highest win amount is paid per Epic Strike™ Scatter symbol combination. Epic Strike™ Scatter pays are calculated by multiplying by total bet. Epic Strike™ Scatter wins are added to way wins. Epic Strike™ Scatters cannot be substituted by the Wild symbols. Free Spins Scatters trigger 10 Free Every extra Scatter awards an extra 5 Free Spins. The Retrigger Scatter appears only in Free Spins and has no pay. 4 Retrigger Scatters in Free Spins awards an additional 4 Free Spins respectively. The Accumulation Trail resets when all 4 Retrigger Scatters on the trail are collected. The Accumulation Trail resets at the beginning of each Free Spin feature. The win multiplier starts at 1 and increments after every roll of the Rolling Reels™. The multiplier applies to ways wins. During Free Spins, Epic Strike™ Symbol wins are not multiplied by the Free Spins multiplier. Only the highest win amount is paid per Scatter symbol combination. All bets during Free Spins are the same as the triggering spin. All ways played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Rolling Reels™ Feature Rolling Reels™ are active in the base game and Free Spins. This feature triggers after any ways win. Rolling Reels™ can award multiple consecutive wins. Winning symbols from ways wins are removed to make way for new symbols. Scatters that land remain on the reels for the duration of the feature. The feature continues until no winning combinations are present on the reels. Win Booster™ Feature Win Booster™ awards a minimum of 4 Symbols per reel resulting in a minimum of 4096 ways to win. The boosted bet consists of your current bet plus an extra bet. The extra bet is equal to 1 times the current bet. Activating the Win Booster™ increases the total bet by X2. The Win Booster™ increases the chances of triggering Free Spins and Epic Strike™ Scatter symbols. Activating this feature does not affect symbol pays. Win Booster™ can be activated or deactivated in the base game and in Feature Buy. Feature Buy Features are purchased at the prices displayed. Use the Feature Buy to trigger Free Spins. Feature options available are: 20 Free Spins 15 Free Spins 10 Free Spins Free Spins are played at the current bet. This feature is available in base game only. This feature is not available above a certain bet threshold. Some of these options may not be available in your location. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. A bet amount must be set before starting the Autoplay session, as Autoplay plays with the last bet value. Autoplay can be stopped at any time. This does not influence the results of the spin. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Triggering any feature will stop Autoplay. Spins are played at the current selected bet. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Spin Settings button: Displays additional spin options. Balance: Displays the current balances. The balance is displayed in currency and is available in the console bar. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Bet Decrease button: Decreases the current bet. Bet Increase button: Increases the current bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Once the reels stop, winning combinations are highlighted. The win amount is displayed in the win box. Exit button: Exits the game. Home button: Exits the game. Settings The Settings panel provides access to multiple game settings. To access the Settings panel, open the Main Menu and select the Settings icon. Choose which settings to turn on or off. All Sounds setting controls all sounds, including game and background sounds. Game Sounds setting controls console and spin sounds, as well as sounds for winning combinations and sequences. (Only enabled if All Sounds is ON.) Background Music setting controls background music. (Only enabled if All Sounds is ON.) Bet Settings Each spin played costs a total bet amount. Select the bet in desktop with the Increment and Decrement icons on the console bar. Also, select the bet from the Main Menu using the Bet icon, or by selecting the bet area. Select the bet on a mobile device by selecting Bet in the console bar or by selecting the Bet icon. Bet Amount: Sets the current bet value. Bet Size: Sets the current bet value. Coin Size: Sets the coin value. Coins Bet: Sets the number of coins to bet. Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Bet Value buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Max Bet button: Sets the current bet to the maximum value. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Depending on the game you are playing, the RTP value may be defined as a single value or defined by the different stages or modes of the game. Values are calculated initially by dividing the total payouts by the total bets from a simulation of numerous game rounds. Values reflect the maximum expected return and do not change. RTP: 94.17%. Buy 10 Free Spins: 94.15%. Buy 15 Free Spins: 94.70%. Buy 20 Free Spins: 94.28%. Win Booster™ enabled: 94.42%. Buy 10 Free Spins with Win Booster™ enabled: 94.81%. Buy 15 Free Spins with Win Booster™ enabled: 94.58%. Buy 20 Free Spins with Win Booster™ enabled: 94.38%. The probability of triggering certain game events may change during gameplay depending on the current game state or progress. Last modification date: 6/20/2023