Masters Of Olympus About this Game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other in this pattern. Way wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. This game is played with credits only. This game includes 1024 ways. There are 5 reels, 4 rows in base game. Additional reels can be activated. Olympus Bonus, Spartan Bonus and Guaranteed Athena Bonus features start with 20 reels and 4 rows, and can expand to a maximum of 30 reels and 6 rows. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. Payout Rules Wins are multiplied by the total bet. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. If multiple winning combinations land on a single way, only the highest win is awarded. The total payout is the sum of all way wins resulting from a spin. Way win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. Payout Limit This game has a payout limit of 20 000x bet. All subsequent wins during the spin will be capped. The win count-up will continue to the payout limit of this game. If Free Spins are being played, all remaining Free Spins will be forfeited and the game will continue to the feature outro modal screen. The payout limit can be reached in Olympus Bonus feature, Spartan Bonus feature and the Guaranteed Athena Bonus feature. Way Rules A way is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other in this pattern. This game includes 1024 ways. Way wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Wild Symbols Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Bonus symbols. Olympus Bonus Feature Olympus Bonus is a Free Spins feature. Free Spins play out automatically. The Free Spins are free to the player. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. If 3 Bonus symbols land on the reels, the Olympus Bonus Feature is triggered. Bonus symbols appear on reel 1, 3 and 5 only. 3 Free Spins are awarded. Free Spins can be reset to its awarded number of spins. Olympus Bonus Feature starts with 20 reels. Maximum number of reels during Olympus Bonus is 30. Each reel has 1 row. The Bonus symbols that triggered Olympus Bonus are replaced with shield symbols that reveal a value between 1-50x. When a new shield or a new god symbol has landed during a spin, the Free Spin counter is reset to the number of Free Spins the player entered the feature with. The general order in which the god symbols' multipliers apply on the reels is from the top left reel, down to the right bottom reel, row by row. If a Aphrodite symbol is present on the reels, that symbol will apply its multiplier first. The Olympus Bonus feature will end when the last spin has been played out and no new symbols have landed. The feature will end when all the visible reels have been filled with a symbol, in which case a fixed prize of 500x bet will be paid out on top of the total win. When the Olympus Bonus feature ends, each symbols' multiplier value is added together, then multiplied with the current bet, and paid out as the total win of the bonus. The bet used in calculating the total win is the bet that was used when triggering the Olympus Bonus feature. During the feature Free Spins are called Bonus Spins. Olympus Bonus Feature - Symbols When an Aphrodite symbol lands, a multiplier value between 2-9x is revealed. Aphrodite symbol will multiply the value of each landed symbol on the reel with its value. Aphrodite symbol will not multiply symbols from previous spins. Aphrodite symbol value will be used to multiply the values of the symbols landed in subsequent spins for the entirety of the feature. A symbols' value can only be multiplied once by an Aphrodite symbol during the feature. Aphrodite symbol can only land once during feature. Apollo symbol reveals a multiplier value between 1-9x when landed. Apollo symbol will add its multiplier value to the multiplier value of each visible symbol. Zeus symbol reveals a multiplier value between 1-9x. Zeus symbol will add its multiplier value to each of the visible symbols' multiplier value, for each spin until the end of the feature. Ares symbol reveals a multiplier value between 1-9x when landed. Ares symbol will add each visible symbols' multiplier value to its multiplier value. Athena symbol reveals a multiplier value between 1-9x. Athena symbol will add each visible symbols' multiplier value to its multiplier value, for each spin until the end of the feature. Poseidon symbol reveals a multiplier value between 1-9x. When a Poseidon symbol lands on a reel, it will expand the number of reels down by 5. The reels depicted underwater are not in play until the Poseidon symbol activates the reels. Poseidon symbol can only land 1 time per spin. Poseidon symbol can only land 2 times during the feature. Hades symbol reveals a multiplier value between 1-9x. When a Hades symbol lands, it reactivates all Apollo and Ares symbols on the reels for one spin. Silver shield symbol reveals a multiplier value between 1-9x. Golden shield symbol reveals a multiplier value between 10-50x. A silver shield whose multiplier value grows above 9x turns into a golden shield. A god symbol will not apply its own multiplier to its own value. Olympus Bonus Feature - Hot Spots A maximum of 3 Hot Spots can appear on the reel area at the same time. Hot Spots might appear on the reel area when the reels are spinning. There is an increased chance that a god symbol will land on a reel with a Hot Spot present. Spartan Bonus Feature The same rules apply in this feature as in Olympus Bonus feature, except the following listed below. 4 Free Spins are awarded. Zeus Respins Feature This feature is available in base game only. The Wild that triggered the feature will stick to the reel and expand full row down from the position it landed at. With each respin, the expanded Wild will move down one position on the reels. If another Wild lands on the reels during the feature, it will also expand full row down from the position it landed at. If a coin overlay symbol lands during the feature, it will be collected into the Bonus meter. Coin overlay symbols can land on any reel. Landing 3 Coin overlay symbols during the feature grants the player the Olympus Bonus feature or Spartan Bonus feature if the player has completed the Spartan Booster collection. The feature ends when the last Wild moves out of the play area, and no new Wild symbols land during the final respin. Wins during the Zeus Respins feature pay according to normal payout rules. If the Olympus Bonus feature or Spartan Bonus feature is won, the feature starts after the Zeus Respins feature is finished. The total win from the feature will be added to balance once the feature and possible bonus features are finished. The respins are free to the player. Spartan Booster Feature When bonus symbols land on reels 1 and 3 during a spin, the Spartan Booster meter increases one step. The Spartan Booster meter has 10 steps in total. When the Spartan Booster meter is filled up, the player will enter Spartan Bonus feature instead of the Olympus Bonus feature, once triggered. Spartan Booster is reset when player has played through the Spartan Bonus feature. Spartan Booster progress is stored per bet. Changing bet will display the new bet’s Spartan Booster progress. Buy Feature This feature is available in base game only. This feature is not available above a certain bet threshold. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Activating this feature will instantly trigger the corresponding feature. Buy feature does not affect the Spartan Booster feature The cost for buying Olympus Bonus is 50x bet. The cost for buying Spartan Bonus feature is 100x bet. The cost for buying Guaranteed Athena feature is 250x bet. Guaranteed Athena feature triggers the Spartan Bonus feature and guarantees the Athena symbol to appear as one of the three starting symbols of the Spartan Bonus. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Bet: Set the current bet value. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Aborting Autoplay or stopping the reels during Autoplay will not affect the outcome of the game. Autoplay will automatically stop if a Bonus or Free Spin feature is triggered. This feature is available in base game only. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Bet Increase button: Increases the current bet. Bet Decrease button: Decreases the current bet. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Defaultspin button: Enables Defaultspin to resolve spins at default speed. This does not influence the results of the spin. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Turbospin button: Enables Turbospin to resolve spins even faster than Quickspin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Balance: Displays the current balances. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. A click or tap on the reels stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Buy Bonus button: Displays the option to purchase bonus features. Game Menu Home button: Exits the game. Paytable button: Displays payout tables. Bet Settings Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Start to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Use Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select No Thanks to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. This feature is only available in selected games. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Values are calculated initially by dividing the total payouts by the total bets from a simulation of numerous game rounds. Values reflect the average expected return and do not change. Overall RTP: 94.02%. Buy Spartan Bonus RTP: 94.27%. Buy Olympus Bonus RTP: 94.13%. Buy Guaranteed Athena RTP: 94.40%. Last modification date: 1/24/2023