Augustus Wild Symbol The Wild symbol is a wild symbol. The Wild symbols can appear on any reel. Wild symbols are available during the base game and the Free Spins feature. The Wild symbol can substitute for all symbols except the Scatter symbol and the Diamond symbol. Free Spins The Free Spins Scatter symbol is a scatter symbol. 3 Free Spins Scatter symbols pay 2 times total bet and triggers Free Spins. A choice of three features is offered when entering Free Spins. Feature 1: 2 Free Spins awarded with 3 Wild Reels. Feature 2: 8 Free Spins awarded with 2 Wild Reels. Feature 3: 25 Free Spins awarded with 1 Wild Reel. During Free Spins, 3 Free Spins Scatter symbols retrigger Free Spins. Depending on the player's selected free spin feature 1 to 3 reels become Wild Reels during Free Spins. All bets played in Free Spins are the same as the spin that triggered the Free Spins. Free Spins Scatter symbols appear on reels 1, 3, and 5. The Free Spins Scatter symbol cannot be substituted by any Wild symbol. Free Spins Scatter wins are added to line wins. Coin Collect Each base reel has a Coin Meter located above the reel. Whenever a Coin lands on a base reel it is added to the Coin Meter above the reel. Collecting 2 Coins in a Coin Meter triggers the Wild Reel feature on that reel. Coins are not collected on an active Wild Reel. Coin Meters persist for each bet level. Wild Reel The Wild Reel feature makes all positions on a reel wild. Wild Reels are active for 2 wagered spins in base game. The Wild Reel feature is active for 1 to 3 random reels during Free Spins depending on player's choice. Free Spins Scatter symbols shine through the Wild Reel. Line Payouts Winnings paid out for a payline are dependent on the symbols displayed on the payline, once the reels have come to a stop. Line wins are calculated by multiplying the line combination payout by the line bet. The line bet is total bet divided by number of lines played. The symbols must be next to each other on a payline to produce a winning line combination. Payline winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, a winning payline combination must start with the leftmost payline position and continue on adjacent positions on the payline. Line wins are paid out only on the highest paying combination on each line. At most 1 winning combination is paid out per payline. Only the available lines can produce a winning line combination. You are paid the total of all payline wins that land on a spin. The number of credits won is dependent on the line bet. Game Payouts Winnings paid out on the slot machine are dependent on the symbols displayed in the reel area, once the reels have come to a stop. All payout tables display the number of credits that are won for each winning combination. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Icons Autoplay Main Menu Return Decrement Increment Bet Quick Spin Mute / Unmute Responsible Gaming Player Protection Loyalty Game History Transaction History Banking Settings Paytable / Information Help Files Lobby Discard Some of these options may not be available in your location. Playing the Game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form winning combinations. The payout is dependent on the winning combinations formed. Your balance is displayed in credits and is available in the console bar. Select your bet on a mobile device by tapping the Bet icon or the Bet area. Select your bet in desktop through the Main Menu or on the console bar. Click or tap the spin button to spin the reels. Select the stop button to stop the current reel spin. This can also be done by clicking or tapping the reels. This does not influence the results of the spin. If enabled in Settings, you may press spacebar to spin or stop. Once the reels stop, wins are highlighted if you have a winning combination. You are paid out the win amount as displayed in the win box. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is completed and you can play again. Bet Selection Select your bet on a mobile device by tapping Bet in the console bar or by tapping the Bet icon. Select your bet in desktop with the Increment and Decrement icons on the console bar. You can also select your bet from the Main Menu using the Bet icon, or by clicking the bet area. Settings The Settings panel provides access to multiple game settings. Some settings may not be available in your location. To access the Settings panel, open the Main Menu and select the Settings icon. You can choose which settings to turn on or off. Intro Screen setting displays the intro screen at startup. Show Tutorial at Startup setting displays the tutorial on launching the game. Quick Spin setting increases the speed of the slot reel spin. All Sounds setting controls all sounds, including game and background sounds. Game Sounds setting controls console and spin sounds, as well as sounds for winning combinations and sequences. (Only enabled if All Sounds is ON.) Background Music setting controls background music. (Only enabled if All Sounds is ON.) Spacebar to Spin setting allows you to spin the reels using your computer's spacebar. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. This value is fixed and does not change. Last modification date: 1/25/2022