Mr & Mrs Spy About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the current total bet pided by the payline cost of 10. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by 10. Payline Rules A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. This game includes 10 paylines. The number of paylines played is fixed. Payline wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right only on adjacent reels. Payout Rules Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins resulting from a spin. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. Link ™ Feature Trigger the Link ™ feature in base game for a chance to win big! Gold Chips Bonus Prizes Link ™ symbols include Gold Chips and Bonus Prize symbols. Collect 5-14 Link ™ symbols, or fill the Link ™ meter 4 times, to trigger the Link ™ feature. The Link ™ begins with 3 respins. The Link ™ with Boost begins with 5 respins. Respins have special reels with only Link ™ symbols and blank positions. The triggering Link ™ symbols are held in place during the feature. All additional Link ™ symbols that land are held on the reels, and the number of respins resets to the initial number awarded. Link ™ symbols award Gold Chips and Bonus Prizes. Gold Chips can award bet multipliers of 1-5x, or Bonus Prizes. Each Mini, Minor and Major symbol reveals a Bonus Prize when won during the Link ™ feature. Win 1 of 6 Bonus Prizes! TNT Grand: 5000x total bet when Link ™ symbols fill 20 reel positions. Grand: 500x total bet when Link ™ symbols fill 15 reel positions. Mini-Grand: 20x total bet when Link ™ symbols fill 15-19 reel positions. Major: 50x total bet Minor: 25x total bet Mini: 10x total bet The feature ends when no respins remain or a Grand Prize is awarded. Link ™ Meter Each Link ™ symbol that lands is collected in the Link ™ meter. Collect 50 Gold Chips to unlock Boosts. Boosts upgrade the Link ™ feature for bigger potential wins! Boosts are activated during the Link ™ feature. Collect 50 Gold Chips and win 1 of 3 Boosts! Expanding Reels! 5 additional Link ™ symbols are added to the reels. 2x Multiplier! All prizes are doubled. Extra Respins! An additional 2 respins are awarded. Each Boost costs 50 collected tokens. Collect 200 or more Gold Chips to trigger the Link ™ feature. Spin count is kept separately per bet option. Wild Symbols Wilds can substitute for all symbols except Link ™ symbols. Wilds can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. A click or tap on the reels stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Bet controls: Increase or decrease the bet with the plus and minus symbols. Max Bet button: Sets the current bet to the maximum value. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Credits: Displays the current balances. Select your Spy: Displays the character selection. Game Menu Menu button: Displays additional game options. Home button: Exits the game. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Banking button: Displays the banking page. Discard button: Allows the player to discard a free game offer from the base game, if any. Spy button: Change characters at any time from the game menu. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. This feature is available in base game only. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Number of Auto Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Stop on Big Win: Autoplay will stop on big win. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Start Autoplay: Starts the Autoplay session. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Values are calculated initially by piding the total payouts by the total bets from a simulation of numerous game rounds. Values reflect the maximum expected return and do not change. Overall RTP: 94.21%. Last modification date: 11/10/2022