Adventures Of Doubloon Island Hyperhold Each Hyperhold™ symbol that lands is collected in the Hyperhold™ Meter. The Hyperhold™ Meter resets on every spin. The Hyperhold™ Meter is purely visual and has no affect on gameplay. The Hyperhold™ feature is triggered when 6 to 14 Hyperhold™ symbols land. Hyperhold™ can be triggered in both base game and Free Spins. All triggering Hyperhold™ symbols are locked on the reels. The remaining unlocked symbol positions spin independently. Respins have special reels with Hyperhold™ symbols and blank positions only. Hyperhold™ begins with 3 respins. All additional Hyperhold™ symbols that land will lock on the reels. If any additional Hyperhold™ symbols land, the number of respins resets to 3. Hyperhold™ ends when no respins remain or when 15 Hyperhold™ symbols are locked on the reels. There are Doubloon and Skull Doubloon Hyperhold™ symbols. Each Doubloon Hyperhold™ symbol awards a cash prize. Each Skull Doubloon Hyperhold™ symbol awards the associated Jackpot. Mini, Minor, and Major can be awarded by the Skull Doubloon Hyperhold™ symbol. Mini, Minor, Major, and Mega can be awarded by the Skull Doubloon Hyperhold™ symbol when the Win Booster™ is activated. A Jackpot is awarded for each associated Skull Doubloon Hyperhold™ symbol that lands. Filling the reels with 15 Hyperhold™ symbols awards the Mega Jackpot. The Mega Jackpot is added to the sum of the prizes awarded on the Hyperhold™ symbols. Hyperhold™ symbols cannot be substituted by the Wild symbols. Win Booster™ Rules Win Booster™ increases Jackpot and cash prize values. You can choose to activate or deactivate the Win Booster™ in the base game. When the Win Booster™ is deactivated, only Mini, Minor, and Major Jackpots can be awarded by the Skull Doubloon symbol. When the Win Booster™ is activated, the Mega Jackpot can also be awarded by the Skull Doubloon symbol. The boosted bet consists of your current bet plus an extra bet. The extra bet is equal to 0.5 times your current bet. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Free Spins 3, 4 or 5 Scatter symbols award 10, 15 or 20 Free Spins respectively. Low symbols are removed during Free Spins. During Free Spins, 3, 4 or 5 Scatter symbols award 10, 15, or 20 additional Free Spins, respectively. Win Booster™ state is the same as the spin that triggered Free Spins. Win Booster™ state cannot be changed during Free Spins. All bets during Free Spins are the same as the triggering spin. Wild Symbols The Wild symbol can substitute for all symbols except the Hyperhold™ symbols and Scatter symbols. Wild symbols are available during the base game and the Free Spins feature. Scatter Symbols Scatters pay in any position. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Scatter symbol wins are added to line wins. In the event of a Scatter symbol win and a line win, both wins are paid out, as the Scatter symbol does not need to appear on a payline to win. Scatter symbols cannot be substituted by the Wild symbols. Line Payouts Winnings paid out for a payline are dependent on the symbols displayed on the payline, once the reels have come to a stop. Line wins are calculated by multiplying the line combination payout by the line bet. The line bet is total bet divided by 20. The symbols must be next to each other on a payline to produce a winning line combination. Payline winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, a winning payline combination must start with the leftmost payline position and continue on adjacent positions on the payline. Line wins are paid out only on the highest paying combination on each line. At most 1 winning combination is paid out per payline. Only the available lines can produce a winning line combination. You are paid the total of all payline wins that land on a spin. Game Payouts Winnings paid out on the slot machine are dependent on the symbols displayed in the reel area, once the reels have come to a stop. All payout tables display the number of credits that are won for each winning combination. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Icons Autoplay Main Menu Return Decrement Increment Bet Quick Spin Mute / Unmute Responsible Gaming Player Protection Loyalty Game History Transaction History Banking Settings Paytable / Information Help Files Lobby Discard Some of these options may not be available in your location. Playing the Game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form winning combinations. The payout is dependent on the winning combinations formed. Your balance is displayed in credits and is available in the console bar. Select your bet on a mobile device by tapping the Bet icon or the Bet area. Select your bet in desktop through the Main Menu or on the console bar. Click or tap the spin button to spin the reels. Select the stop button to stop the current reel spin. This can also be done by clicking or tapping the reels. This does not influence the results of the spin. If enabled in Settings, you may press spacebar to spin or stop. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is completed and you can play again. Once the reels stop, wins are highlighted if you have a winning combination. You are paid out the win amount as displayed in the win box. Bet Selection Select your bet in desktop with the Increment and Decrement icons on the console bar. You can also select your bet from the Main Menu using the Bet icon, or by clicking the bet area. Select your bet on a mobile device by tapping Bet in the console bar or by tapping the Bet icon. Settings The Settings panel provides access to multiple game settings. Some settings may not be available in your location. To access the Settings panel, open the Main Menu and select the Settings icon. You can choose which settings to turn on or off. Show Tutorial at Startup setting displays the tutorial on launching the game. Quick Spin setting increases the speed of the slot reel spin. All Sounds setting controls all sounds, including game and background sounds. Game Sounds setting controls console and spin sounds, as well as sounds for winning combinations and sequences. (Only enabled if All Sounds is ON.) Background Music setting controls background music. (Only enabled if All Sounds is ON.) Spacebar to Spin setting allows you to spin the reels using your computer's spacebar. Autoplay Using Autoplay, you can spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game. A bet amount must be set before starting the Autoplay session, as Autoplay plays with the last bet value. Autoplay can be stopped at any time. This does not influence the results of the spin. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Triggering any feature will stop Autoplay. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. This value is fixed and does not change. This game has an RTP of 94.02%. Last modification date: 4/7/2021