Gallo Gold Bruno's Megaways About this Game This game includes up to 117649 ways. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form winning combinations. The payout is dependent on the winning combinations formed. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Playing the Game The balance is displayed in currency and is available in the console bar. Select the spin button to spin the reels. Select the stop button to stop the current reel spin. This can also be done by selecting the reels. This does not influence the results of the spin. Once the reels stop, winning combinations are highlighted. The win amount is displayed in the win box. If there is no winning combination, the game is completed. Way Rules A way is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs across the reels. All way wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right in any position on adjacent reels only. Each reel alone, or with the Extra Reel, can have up to 7 symbols. Each spin can have up to 117649 ways to win. Ways wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier. Payout Rules The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The total payout is the sum of all way wins and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. If multiple winning combinations land on a single way, only the highest win is awarded. Extra Reel The Extra Reel adds a symbol to the reel it is above for reels 2, 3, 4, and 5. Rolling Reels™ Feature Rolling Reels™ are active in base game and Free Spins. Winning symbols from ways wins are removed to make way for new symbols. Rolling Reels™ can award multiple consecutive wins. Wild Symbols The Wild symbol can substitute for all symbols except the Scatter symbol. Wilds only appear on the Extra Reel. Jackpot Pick Game Every spin, Wilds are collected throughout the Rolling Reels™ play. Once the Rolling Reels™ feature is complete, the Jackpot Pick Game has a chance to trigger. The more Wilds collected, the higher the chance of triggering. Once triggered, 12 tokens are shown facedown. Each token is associated with 1 of the 4 jackpots. Select a token to reveal its associated jackpot. When 3 matching tokens have been revealed, the corresponding jackpot will be awarded and the feature ends. Jackpot wins are available in base game and Free Spins. Jackpot wins are multiplied by total bet. Free Spins 4 Scatters trigger 12 Free Spins. Every extra Scatter awards an extra 5 free spins. The win multiplier starts at 1 and increments after every roll of the Rolling Reels™. In Free Spins, Scatters only appear on the Extra Reel. 3 or 4 Scatters in Free Spins awards an additional 5 or 10 free spins respectively. Only the highest win amount paid for scatter symbol combination. All bets during Free Spins are the same as the triggering spin. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. A bet amount must be set before starting the Autoplay session, as Autoplay plays with the last bet value. Autoplay can be stopped at any time. This does not influence the results of the spin. Triggering any feature will stop Autoplay. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Bet Selection Each spin played costs a total bet amount. Select the bet on a mobile device by selecting Bet in the console bar or by selecting the Bet icon. Select the bet in desktop with the Increment and Decrement icons on the console bar. Also, select the bet from the Main Menu using the Bet icon, or by selecting the bet area. Settings The Settings panel provides access to multiple game settings. To access the Settings panel, open the Main Menu and select the Settings icon. Choose which settings to turn on or off. Quick Spin setting increases the speed of the slot reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. All Sounds setting controls all sounds, including game and background sounds. Game Sounds setting controls console and spin sounds, as well as sounds for winning combinations and sequences. (Only enabled if All Sounds is ON.) Background Music setting controls background music. (Only enabled if All Sounds is ON.) Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Values are calculated initially by dividing the total payouts by the total bets from a simulation of numerous game rounds. Values reflect the maximum expected return and do not change. Overall RTP: 94.01%. Last modification date: 12/9/2025