Rainbow Burst About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. Payout Rules Wins are multiplied by the base bet. Win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The total payout is the sum of all wins resulting from a spin. The total payout is awarded at the round end. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Wild Symbols Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Bonus Symbols, Rainbow Symbols and Collect Symbol. This symbol appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. This symbol does not have a payout. Collect Symbol Collect Symbol only appears on reel 5. Collect symbol collects all the Rainbow Prizes and Bonus Symbols that landed in the same spin. Collect symbol collects all Rainbow Prizes from the Leprechaun's Pot. Rainbow Symbols Rainbow Symbols are always stacked. This symbol appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. Rainbow Symbol contains a Rainbow Prize on each symbol position. All Rainbow Prizes visible on the reels are collected if a Collect Symbol lands during the same spin. The possible prizes are: 1x, 2x, 3x, 5x, 10x, 50x and 1 000x the bet. 1x, 2x, 3x and 5x bet prizes are dynamically represented in currency. 10x bet prize is represented as MINI. 50x bet prize is represented as MIDI. 1 000x bet prize is represented as MAX. Rainbow Respin A Rainbow Respin is triggered when at least one Rainbow Symbol lands as a stack covering the reel. All reels re-spin and can land new Rainbow Symbols and create new winning combinations. Rainbow Prizes that were not collected from the triggering spin are stashed in the Leprechaun's Pot and can still be collected during the Rainbow Respin. The Rainbow Respin can be triggered during the base game, Free Spins and Rainbow Respin. This feature ends when there are no more Rainbow Respins. Any Rainbow Prizes stashed in the Leprechaun's Pot are lost when returning to the base game. Rainbow Respin is played with the same bet and lines as the spin that triggered this feature. If this feature and Free Spins trigger simultaneously, this feature plays out first. Rainbow Chests There are two Chests in the game. Rainbow Chest is active only in the base game. Super Rainbow Chest is active only in the Free Spins. If the Rainbow Symbol lands as a full stack, covering the height of the reel, a Rainbow is added to the active Chest. When the Rainbow is added to the active Chest, there is a chance to trigger the Rainbow Burst. Each added Rainbow increases the chance to trigger the Rainbow Burst. The state of each Chest is maintained between spins and Free Spins sessions. The state of each Chest is separate for each bet size. The state of Chest is reset when the Rainbow Burst is triggered. Rainbow Burst In the Rainbow Burst, a guaranteed Rainbow Prize can be collected. When the Rainbow Burst is triggered, a big reel appears in place of reels 2, 3 and 4. Possible Rainbow Prizes are: MINI - 10x the bet, MIDI - 50x the bet and MAX - 1000x the bet. Rainbow Burst triggered by the Rainbow Chest has a chance for a random Multiplier Bonus Symbol to appear on reel 1. Rainbow Burst triggered by the Super Rainbow Chest guarantees that a random Multiplier Bonus Symbol will appear on reel 1. Possible multipliers are: 2x, 3x and 5x. x5 can only appear if the Rainbow Burst was triggered by Super Rainbow Chest. If this feature and Free Spins trigger simultaneously, this feature plays out first. Bonus Symbols Bonus symbols appear on reel 1 only. Only one bonus symbol can appear per spin. Bonus symbols are activated if the Collect symbol lands in the same spin. Free Spins Bonus symbols award Free Spins when activated. The number of the Free Spins is determined by the number on the activated symbol. Multiplier Bonus symbols multiply the Rainbow Prize. Multiplier Bonus symbols appear in the Rainbow Burst Feature only. Free Spins Landing Free Spins Bonus Symbol on reel 1 and Collect Symbol on reel 5 in the same spin triggers this feature. The amount of awarded Free Spins is determined by the number on the symbol - 8, 12 or 16. During Free Spins, landing Free Spins Bonus Symbol on reel 1 and Collect Symbol on reel 5 in the same spin awards additional Free Spins. The amount of awarded Free Spins is determined by the number on the symbol - 4, 8, 12 or 16. Each Free Spin adds one Rainbow Symbol to all Rainbow Symbol stacks. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. All lines played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. This feature is available in base game only. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. When all Autoplay rounds are played, 3 options are presented: "START" starts the same number of Autoplay rounds with the same settings, "MORE" opens the Autoplay settings, "X" closes the feature. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Bet Settings Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Help button: Displays help and additional information. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Balance: Displays the current balances. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Game Menu Home button: Exits the game. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Banking button: Displays the banking page. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Menu button: Closes the game menu. Game Settings Push spacebar to spin: enables or disables this option. High quality (60 fps): Enables high quality 60 frames per second gameplay. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Translation of Game Terms Big Win = Big Win Super Win = Super Win Mega Win = Mega Win MINI = Mini MIDI = Midi MAX = Maximum Free Spins = Free Spins Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Depending on the game you are playing, the RTP value may be defined as a single value or defined by the different stages or modes of the game. Values are calculated initially by dividing the total payouts by the total bets from a simulation of numerous game rounds. Values reflect the maximum expected return and do not change. RTP: 94.15%. Last modification date: 9/7/2023