Granny VS Zombies About this Game This is a 5 reel 4 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Payline Rules This game includes 20 paylines. The number of paylines played is fixed. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the payline cost of 10. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the paylines played. Payout Rules Wins are multiplied by the total bet. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins resulting from a spin. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. Wild Symbols Granny Wild, Zombie Wild, Walking Wild and Weapon Wild symbols are Wild symbols. Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Scatter and Bonus symbols. When a winning line starts with a Granny Wild, Wilds will substitute to create a highest paying combination. Granny Wild symbols appear on reel 1 only. Zombie Wild appears on reels 3 and 5 only. When a Granny Wild and one or more Zombie Wild land on the same spin, the Granny Wild attacks the Zombie Wild and three additional wilds per Zombie Wild are randomly placed on the reels. Walking Wild can land on reels 3, 4 or 5. Walking Wild can be 2, 3 or 4 rows high. Walking Wild that land move one reel to the left at the beginning of the next spin. When a Walking Wild reaches the first reel, it is removed from the board on the next spin. The position of any Walking Wild on the reels is saved per bet level. Weapon Wild symbols appear in Free Spins only. Scatter Symbols Free Spins symbols are Scatter symbols. This symbol appears on reels 2-4 only. This symbol does not have a payout. Free Spins Selection 3 Free Spins symbols anywhere on the reels trigger this feature. 4 Free Spins features are available for selection. Each Free Spins feature selection includes a unique combination of free spins. These include different weapons for Granny to use to attack the zombies. Choose from: 10 Free Spins with Frying Pan attack, 8 Free Spins with Rolling Pin attack, 7 Free Spins with Butcher Knife attack, or 6 Free Spins with Molotov Cocktail attack. Free Spins Free Spins play out automatically. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Wins awarded during this feature are added to base game wins. When a Weapon Wild symbol lands, Granny attacks the zombies. The Frying Pan does a total of one point of damage to the zombies. The Rolling Pin does a total of two points of damage to the zombies. The Butcher Knife does a total of three points of damage to the zombies. The Molotov Cocktail does a total of four points of damage to the zombies. The line win multiplier starts at one and increases by the amount of damage done when Granny attacks the zombies. When the line win multiplier reaches 5x, 10x, or 20x, Granny passes to the next level. When Granny passes to the next level additional free spins are awarded. The number of additional free spins awarded depends on the weapon chosen at the beginning of the Free Spins. When passing to the next level with the Frying Pan, 5 additional free spins are awarded. When passing to the next level with the Rolling Pin, 4 additional free spins are awarded. When passing to the next level with the Butcher Knife, 3 additional free spins are awarded. When passing to the next level with the Molotov Cocktail, 2 additional free spins are awarded. The Disco Zombie can spawn starting on level 2. The Disco Zombie is defeated after taking five points of damage. LockNWin® Feature This feature can trigger in base game only. Land 6 or more Coin symbols anywhere on the reels to trigger the LockNWin® feature. 3 respins are awarded. All symbols are removed except Coins which lock on the reels when they land. Additional rows can be unlocked. Locked rows are inactive. Coins in inactive rows do not contribute to the payout. Every time a Coin lands in the active area the respin count resets to 3. LockNWin® ends when the count runs out or the reels are full of Coin symbols. Filling the reels with Coin symbols awards a Mega Jackpot. Regular Coin symbols award cash prizes between 1-12x the bet. Key Coin symbols unlock additional rows and award cash prizes between 1-5x the bet. Multiplier Coins symbols multiply all coins in the active area by up to 5 and award cash prizes 1x the bet. Star Coin triggers Jackpot LockNWin® at the end of LockNWin®. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Jackpot LockNWin® Feature Jackpot LockNWin® feature is triggered by collecting Star Coins in the LockNWin® feature or defeating the Disco Zombie during the Free Spins. In the LockNWin® feature, the Jackpot LockNWin® feature is played at the end of LockNWin®. In the Free Spins feature, the Jackpot LockNWin® feature is played at the end of the spin when the Disco Zombie is defeated. Star Coins land on every spin in Jackpot LockNWin® feature. Only one Jackpot prize can be won per Jackpot LockNWin® feature. When 3 Star Coins are collected on a row, the corresponding Jackpot is awarded. Wins awarded during this feature are added to base game wins. Jackpot Wheel Fill the Jackpot Wheel Progress Bar to trigger the Jackpot Wheel. Every coin that lands in the Base Game and the LockNWin® feature increases the Jackpot Wheel progress bar. Progress on the Jackpot Wheel progress bar is saved per bet level. The Jackpot Wheel awards 1 of 5 Jackpot prizes. When the win indicator lands on an Advance segment of the wheel, another spin is awarded and is played at the next level of the Jackpot Wheel. Buy Feature This feature is not available above a certain bet threshold. This feature is available in base game only. Access the buy menu by pressing the Buy Bonus button. Activating this feature will instantly trigger the selected feature. The bet level for the feature may be chosen in the buy menu. The Free Spins cost is 63.84 x Bet. The LockNWin® cost is 32.12 x Bet. The Jackpot Wheel cost is 76.59 x Bet. The Jackpot LockNWin® cost is 153.17 x Bet. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. This feature is available in base game only. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. Big Win: Stops autoplay after winning a big win Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Balance: Displays the current balances. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Max Bet button: Increases the bet to the maximum available level. Win: Displays the most recent win. Bet controls: Increase or decrease the bet with the plus and minus symbols. Info button: Opens the paytable menu. Menu button: Opens the game menu. Buy Feature button: Displays the option to purchase the selected feature. Sound button: Toggle sound on and off. Exit button: Exits the game. Game Menu Home button: Exits the game. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Banking button: Displays the banking page. Close button: Closes the game menu. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Big win toggle: Toggles big win celebration display on or off. Splash page toggle: Toggles the splash page display on or off. Bet Settings Bet Amount: Sets the current bet value. Max Bet button: Sets the current bet to the maximum value. Min Bet button: Sets the current bet to the minimum value. Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Game Settings Sounds: Enables game sounds. Big Win: Enables big win animations Music: Enables game music. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Splash page toggle: Toggles the splash page display on or off. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Game Terminology Granny vs Zombies™ = Granny vs Zombies™ FREE SPINS = FREE SPINS WILD = WILD MAX BET = MAX BET BIG WIN = BIG WIN SUPER WIN = SUPER WIN MEGA WIN = MEGA WIN EPIC WIN = EPIC WIN JACKPOT = JACKPOT Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. The Return to Player is defined at different stages or modes of the game. Values are calculated initially by dividing the total payouts by the total bets from a simulation of numerous game rounds. Values reflect the maximum expected return and do not change. Overall RTP: 94.01%. Buy Free Spins: 94.01%. Buy LockNWin®: 94.01%. Buy Jackpot LockNWin®: 94.01%. Buy Jackpot Wheel: 94.01%. Last modification date: 8/1/2023