Lightning Fortunes - Tap n Cash About this Game The goal is to charge up the tower, revealing your prizes. The game consists of 18 prize nodes and a win multiplier feature. Charging up the tower will award you 3 - 10 prizes. Prize nodes award you with cash prizes. The Win Multiplier can randomly activate on each win, multiplying your win by 2x to 10x. The amounts shown in prize nodes are calculated off of your bet value. The Win Boost feature guarantees the Win Multiplier activates on every win, but increases your bet amount. The Batch Taps feature allows you to play multiple taps in a single bet. Win Boost Activating Win Boost feature will guarantee the Win Multiplier activates on every win. If activating Win Boost results in your bet amount exceeding the Max Bet for the game, your bet amount and number of taps will be reset to the lowest available. While Win Boost is active, your bet amount is increased. Win Boost can be activated in the base game. Batch Taps The Batch Taps control allow you to choose the number of taps to play out in a single bet. You can select up to a maximum of 100 taps. Batch Taps count as a single bet. Batch Taps cannot be stopped once the bet has been placed. Your total bet is calculated using your bet size and the number of taps you choose. Game Menu Home button: Exits the game. Banking button: Displays the banking page. Sound Effects: Switches sound On/Off. Music: Switches music On/Off. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Information button: Displays game information. Game Controls Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Taps button: Opens the Batch Tap menu. Bet button: Opens the bet menu to adjust your bet value. Win Boost button : Activates the Win Boost feature. Win: Displays your latest win. Bet: Displays the current bet. Balance: Displays your current balance. Play button: Starts a round. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Help button: Displays help and additional information. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of additional game rounds awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to accept the offer and begin playing. Only one offer can be played at a time. After a player selects a Free Game offer, they may choose how to play their Free Games with each Free Game representing 1 play. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the offer. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired, the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. The outcome of each round is random and not influenced by skill in any way. Return to player for this game is 94.02% Last modification date: 2/17/2026