Ingots of Cai Shen About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the way cost of 10. Way Rules This game includes 243 ways. A way is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other in this pattern. Way wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Payout Rules Way win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The total payout is the sum of all way wins resulting from a spin. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. Ingots of Cai Shen Feature Ingots of Cai Shen Feature can be triggered randomly in the base game. A stack of 3 ingots landing on reel 1 triggers the feature. Ingots on reel 1 are always in stacks of 3. When 1 or 2 ingots land on reel 1 during Free Spins, the reel nudges to reveal a full stack of ingots. Nudging in Free Spins happens before any ways wins. Ingots on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 reveal a multiplier prize, Mini Jackpot, Minor Jackpot or Major Jackpot. The multipliers are 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, 10x, 12x, 15x, 20x the current bet. Mini Jackpot, Minor Jackpot, Major Jackpot award 25x, 50x, and 250x the current bet respectively. When a full stack of 3 ingots lands on reel 1, all prizes associated with ingots on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 currently on the screen are awarded. If the feature triggers and there are no ingots on reels 2, 3, 4, or 5, then 2 ingots with multiplier prizes will be added to the reels. If the feature triggers and reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 are fully filled with ingots, an additional Mega Jackpot of 1000x current bet is awarded. The Mega Jackpot is awarded in addition to all the prizes awarded from ingots on the reels. Ingots of Cai Shen Feature wins are added to ways wins. Scatter Symbols Scatter appear on reels 3, 4 and 5 only. This symbol does not have a payout. Free Spins 3 Scatter symbols trigger 8 Free Spins. Free Spins play out automatically. All ways played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Free Spins can be retriggered. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Spins are played at the current selected bet. Autoplay Settings Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. Bet Settings Bet Amount: Sets the current bet value. Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Game Controls Balance: Displays the current balances. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Menu button: Displays a menu of general system and game options. Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Pressing the Spin button during the current spin stops the reels quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Pressing the Spin button during AutoPlay ends the current Autoplay session. Home button: Exits the game. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. This value is fixed and does not change. This game has an RTP of 96.42%. The maximum win from a single game is €100,000. Last modification date: 2/3/2021