Diamond King Jackpots About this Game This is a 5 reel 4 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the way cost of 10. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the ways played. Way Rules This game includes 1024 ways. A way is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other in this pattern. Way wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Payout Rules The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The total payout is the sum of all way wins resulting from a spin. Way win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Spin Settings button: Displays additional spin options. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Increase Bet button: Increases the Total Bet. Decrease Bet button: Decreases the Total Bet. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Credits: Displays the current balances. Jackpot Feature Autoplay button: Automatically selects icons in the Jackpot Feature. This does not influence the results of the feature. Buy Feature button: Displays the option to purchase Free Spins. A click or tap on the reels stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Game Menu Menu button: Displays additional game options. Home button: Exits the game. Banking button: Displays the banking page. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Game Settings Sounds: Enables game sounds. Quickspin: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Additional Information The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Wild Symbols Diamond symbols are Wild symbols. Diamond symbols can substitute for all symbols except Bonus symbols. This symbol appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. Bonus Symbols This symbol appears in base game only. Free Spins 3, 4 or 5 Bonus symbols anywhere on the reels trigger this feature. 10, 15 or 20 Free Spins are awarded respectively. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. All ways played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Free Spins play out automatically. Free Spins cannot be retriggered. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Power Range™ Feature The Power Range™ covers a portion of the reel array. If a Wild lands inside the Power Range™ a multiplier is added to the Wild. Multipliers are multiplied to each other and applied to all ways wins. During the Base Game the Power Range™ covers the center two positions on each of reels 2, 3 and 4. During the Base Game all Wilds that land within the Power Range™ are given a multiplier of 2X. During Free Spins the Power Range™ covers all of reels 2, 3 and 4. During Free Spins all Wilds that land within the Power Range™ are randomly given a multiplier of 2X, 3X or 5X. Jackpot Feature Matching 3 icons awards the respective Jackpot value. This feature is triggered when the diamond meter is filled. If a Wild lands on screen during the Base Game it contributes to the diamond meter. If a Wild lands inside the Power Range™ it contributes to the diamond meter twice. The progress of the diamond meter scales with bet. If the value collected would fill the diamond meter multiple times, the Jackpot prizes are multiplied accordingly and the game is played once. Changing bet does not affect the RTP of the game. If this feature and Free Spins trigger simultaneously, this feature plays out first. This feature can trigger in the Base Game only. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Buy Feature Instantly trigger 10 Free Spins at the current bet. The Buy Feature cost is the Total Bet multiplied by 50. The Buy Feature may not be available above a certain bet threshold. This feature may not be available in this game. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. This value is fixed and does not change. This game has an RTP of 96.44%. The RTP during the Buy Feature feature is 96.44%. The maximum win from a single game is 272,800.