Captain Bones Big Bounty About this Game This is a 6 reel 4 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. This game includes 4096 ways. The game starts with the Free Spins Big Bounty win threshold set to 10x base bet. Cash Collect This game features cash and jackpot prizes. Cash and jackpot prize symbols appear in the base game and Free Spins. Cash prizes landing sequentially from the leftmost reel to the right are collected. In base game a chain of cash symbols landing on reels 1 - 5 allows jackpot prizes landing on reel 6 to be collected. Cash prizes can land on any reel. Jackpot prizes can land on reel 6 in base game. Jackpot prizes can land on reels 3 - 6 in Free Spins. Free Spins with Big Bounty™ Win 6 Scatters landing in base game will trigger Free Spins with a Big Bounty win. Free Spins continue until any reel win matches or exceeds the starting Big Bounty win threshold, after which the game will end. During Free Spins any reel win higher than the Big Bounty win threshold is a Big Bounty win. The Big Bounty win threshold is a multiple of the triggering bet amount. 5 Scatters landing in base game increases the Big Bounty Win threshold by +2.5x. A maximum of 50x Big Bounty win threshold can be accumulated until Free Spins is triggered. The bonus guarantee is the current minimum total win that will occur in Free Spins. This value increases as the Big Bounty win threshold is increased. Key symbols appear in Free Spins on top of cash prizes. When Keys land they are collected, and will successively unlock reels 5, 4 and 3. Unlocked reels allow jackpot prizes landing on them to be collected when a left-to-right chain of cash symbols lands adjacently. When Keys are collected, the cash prize beneath will be revealed. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. All ways played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Free Spins play out automatically. Free Spins cannot be retriggered. After Free Spins end, the Big Bounty win threshold will be reset to 10x in the base game. Wheel Bonus Game This game is randomly triggered when a Coin symbol lands on reel 6. You can win one of four guaranteed prizes. This game consists of a wheel divided into coloured segments. Each segment is associated with a different prize. Depending on where the wheel stops, you can win one of the following prizes: The Mega prize awards a 5 000x multiplier value. The Major prize awards a 250x multiplier value. The Minor prize awards a 50x multiplier value. The Mini prize awards a 15x multiplier value. The multiplier value is multiplied by your current base game bet. The last bet you placed in the game is used as the feature bet amount. Winnings are automatically collected during this feature. Plunder Party Plunder Party will occur at random during any reel spin. A reel event animation plays and at least 6 cash prizes will subsequently land anywhere on the reels when the spin resolves. Upsizer™ Feature Before Free Spins begin, you may have the option to increase the Big Bounty win threshold for a calculated cost. The maximum possible accumulated Big Bounty win threshold before Free Spins begin is 50x. When you select a Big Bounty win threshold increase, you are prompted to confirm or cancel your choice and the purchase cost. The feature may be limited or made inaccessible while your bet exceeds a specified amount. The feature may not be available in all regions. Buy Feature Selecting the active Buy Bonus button will open the Buy feature. The Buy feature allows you to purchase immediate access to the Free Spins feature. The calculated purchase cost is displayed above the '✓' and 'X' buttons. Selecting '✓' will confirm your choice. Selecting the 'X' button will close the Buy feature. This feature is available in the base game only. The feature may be limited or made inaccessible while the bet exceeds a specified amount. The feature may not be available in all regions. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the way cost of 10. Way Rules This game includes 4096 ways. A way is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs across the reels. Way wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other in this pattern. Payout Rules Way win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. If multiple winning combinations land on a single way, only the highest win is awarded. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The total payout is the sum of all way wins, cash, jackpot and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. Scatter Symbols A maximum Big Bounty win threshold of 50x can be accumulated until Free Spins is triggered. Scatter symbols only appear in the base game. 6 Scatters landing in base game will trigger Free Spins with Big Bounty Win. Wild Symbols Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wilds can substitute for all symbols except scatters, coins, keys, cash and jackpots. Wild symbols do not appear on the first reel. Coin Symbol The Coin symbol only appears on reel 6. The Coin symbol only appears in the base game. Randomly triggers the Wheel Bonus when landing. Autoplay Some settings and features may not be available in this game. This feature is available in the base game only. Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Selecting an autoplay option button will set the number of spins and start Autoplay AutoPlay plays with the last bet value you selected, so you must select a bet amount before starting AutoPlay. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Autoplay Options AutoPlay options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. Number of spins: Set the number of spins you want to play. Bet settings: Set the bet amount you want to play. Until stop: Set the session to play until you select to stop. This does not influence the results of the spin. Stop if a win exceeds or equals: Stop the session if the win exceeds or equals the amount selected. Win Limit or If win at least: Stop the session if the win exceeds or equals the amount selected. Loss Limit or If amount drops by: Stop the session if your balance decreases and drops below or equals the amount selected. Stop once all spins are complete: Stop after playing the number of spins selected. Stop on any win: Stop the session if you win on a spin. Stop if credits increase by: Stop the session if your balance increases and exceeds or equals the amount selected. Stop if credits decrease by: Stop the session if your balance decreases and drops below or equals the amount selected. Stop on a feature: Stops if Free Spins or another bonus feature is activated. Bet Settings Quick Bet: Displays a range of quick betting options to select your total bet amount. Advanced: (+) or (-) Selects the total amount you want to bet. Max Bet: Available in both Quick Bet and Advanced modes, places the maximum bet permitted. Bet options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. Game Settings Sounds: Enables game sounds. Quickspin: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Translation of Game Terms MEGA : MEGA MAJOR : MAJOR MINOR : MINOR MINI : MINI Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of additional game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired, the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. This feature is only available in selected games. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Last modification date: 7/10/2025