WWE Clash of the Wilds About this Game ´üČ This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. ´üČ The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. ´üČ Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Payline Rules ´üČ This game includes 40 paylines. ´üČ The number of paylines played is fixed. ´üČ A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. ´üČ A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. ´üČ Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Bet Rules ´üČ Each spin played costs a total bet amount. ´üČ The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the payline cost of 20. Payout Rules ´üČ Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. ´üČ The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. ´üČ The total payout is the sum of all payline wins resulting from a spin. ´üČ If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. ´üČ The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. ´üČ The win over value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. Wild Symbols ´üČ Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. ´üČ Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols. Free Spins ´üČ 3 Wild symbols on the same reel trigger Free Spins. ´üČ Each reel triggers Free Spins with its individual feature. ´üČ If Wild symbols fill several reels on the same spin, Free Spins with reel's individual feature are triggered one by one in the order of left to right. ´üČ Reel 1 triggers 6 Free Spins with Wild Blocks feature. ´üČ Reel 2 triggers 6 Free Spins with Wild Multipliers feature. ´üČ Reel 3 triggers 6 Free Spins with Nudging Wilds feature. ´üČ Reel 4 triggers 6 Free Spins with Sticky Wilds feature. ´üČ Reel 5 triggers 3 Free Spins with Ladder Match feature. ´üČ Free Spins play out automatically, except in Free Spins with Ladder Match feature, where spins have to be started manually. ´üČ Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. ´üČ All lines played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. ´üČ All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Free Spins with Wild Blocks Feature ´üČ On each spin, a block of Wild symbols may land on the reels. ´üČ The block of Wild symbols can consist of 2x2, 3x3 or 4x4 Wild symbols. ´üČ The whole block of Wild symbols may not fit in the visible reel area. ´üČ Landing a character symbol with a golden frame awards 1 additional Free Spin. Free Spins with Wild Multipliers Feature ´üČ On every spin 1-5 Wild symbols with multiplier of 2x land on the reels. ´üČ Each Wild symbol with 2x that participates in a payline will multiply the respective payline win by 2. ´üČ Landing a character symbol with a golden frame awards 1 additional Free Spin. Free Spins with Nudging Wilds Feature ´üČ When at least 1 Wild symbol lands on a reel, the reel nudges to reveal full reel of Wild symbols. ´üČ Landing a character symbol with a golden frame awards 1 additional Free Spin. Free Spins with Sticky Wilds Feature ´üČ When a Wild symbol lands, its position is marked as Wild until the end of Free Spins session. ´üČ Landing a character symbol with a golden frame awards 1 additional Free Spin. Free Spins with Ladder Match Feature ´üČ Upon entry, the starting level has a prize of 1x current bet. ´üČ The feature starts with 3 Free Spins. ´üČ Besides starting level, there are 8 levels to reach. ´üČ Completing a level awards a cash prize. ´üČ To complete a level, certain amount of golden frames must be collected. ´üČ Golden frames appear around the character symbols. ´üČ Level 1: 5 golden frames must be collected to win 5x current bet. ´üČ Level 2: 10 golden frames more must be collected to increase the win to 15x current bet. ´üČ Level 3: 15 golden frames more must be collected to increase the win to 40x current bet. ´üČ Level 4: 20 golden frames more must be collected to increase the win to 100x current bet. ´üČ Level 5: 25 golden frames more must be collected to increase the win to 500x current bet. ´üČ Level 6: 30 golden frames more must be collected to increase the win to 1 000x current bet. ´üČ Level 7: 35 golden frames more must be collected to increase the win to 5 000x current bet. ´üČ Level 8: 40 golden frames more must be collected to increase the win to 10 000x current bet. ´üČ After every 5 golden frames collected, a Booster Point is reached (except in level 1). ´üČ At a Booster Point, one of the following awards will be given: up to 10 golden frames, up to 3 extra spins or Safe Zone. ´üČ In Safe Zone, the current prize will be increased to a level between the current prize and the next level prize. ´üČ When a level is completed, the amount of collected golden frames is set to 0 and spins are set to 3. ´üČ The feature continues until all spins are played or all levels are completed. ´üČ If the highest level is not completed, the award is the prize of the achieved level or of the latest Safe Zone. Buy Feature ´üČ This feature is available in base game only. ´üČ Activating this feature will instantly trigger the Free Spins feature. ´üČ 35x current bet triggers Free Spins with Wild Blocks feature. ´üČ 35x current bet triggers Free Spins with Wild Multipliers feature. ´üČ 35x current bet triggers Free Spins with Nudging Wilds feature. ´üČ 40x current bet triggers Free Spins with Sticky Wilds feature. ´üČ 50x current bet triggers Free Spins with Ladder Match feature. ´üČ The feature is played at the current bet. ´üČ This feature is not available above a certain bet threshold. ´üČ Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Autoplay ´üČ Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. ´üČ Spins are played at the current selected bet. ´üČ The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Autoplay Settings ´üČ Some settings and features may not be available in this game. ´üČ Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. ´üČ Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. Bet Settings ´üČ Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. ´üČ Bet Amount: Sets the current bet value. Game Controls ´üČ Balance: Displays the current balances. ´üČ Bet: Displays the current total bet. ´üČ Win: Displays the most recent win. ´üČ Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. ´üČ Menu button: Displays additional game options. ´üČ Spin button: Starts a reel spin. ´üČ Pressing the Spin button during the current spin stops the reels quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. ´üČ Continue button: Advances to the next screen. ´üČ Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. ´üČ Pressing the Spin button during AutoPlay ends the current Autoplay session. ´üČ Home button: Exits the game. Additional Information ´üČ Some settings and features may not be available in this game. ´üČ Malfunction voids all pays and plays. ´üČ In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. ´üČ The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. ´üČ The results of the last game played are displayed. ´üČ If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. ´üČ Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. ´üČ Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. ´üČ All WWE programming, talent names, images, likenesses, slogans, wrestling moves, trademarks, logos and copyrights are the exclusive property of WWE and its subsidiaries. All other trademarks, logos and copyrights are the property of their respective owners. ┬ę 2022 WWE. All Rights Reserved. Return to Player ´üČ The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. ´üČ Values are calculated initially by dividing the total payouts by the total bets from a simulation of numerous game rounds. ´üČ Values reflect the maximum expected return and do not change. ´üČ The Return to Player is defined at different stages or modes of the game. ´üČ Overall RTP: 94.20%. ´üČ Buy Feature with Wild Blocks: 94.23%. ´üČ Buy Feature with Wild Multipliers: 94.23%. ´üČ Buy Feature with Nudging Wilds: 94.22%. ´üČ Buy Feature with Sticky Wilds: 94.19%. ´üČ Buy Feature with Ladder Match: 94.24%. Last modification date: 11/17/2022