Jade Shuriken About this Game This is a 5 reel 4 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Payline Rules This game includes 40 paylines. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. A win is awarded when at least 3 matching symbols or mixed pay combination symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. The number of paylines played is fixed. Only the highest win is paid per line. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the payline cost of 20. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the paylines played. Payout Rules Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins and all Scatter, Respin or Bonus symbol wins resulting from a spin. The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Mixed Pay Combination A mixed pay combination is when 3 or more different high symbols combine to complete a regular win combination. A minimum of 3 symbols are required in order to be eligible for a payout. If there is more than one regular winning combination for the same symbol on a payline, you are paid out the value of the highest win. In this game there are 7, 77 and 777 symbols. Any 3 of these symbols can combine to complete a regular win combination. The wild symbol can substitute to complete a mixed pay combination. Wild Symbols Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Scatter, Respin and Bonus symbols. Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Scatter Symbols Scatter symbols appear on reels 2, 3 and 4. Scatter symbols can create their own winning combination. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Scatters pay in any position. Scatter wins are added to regular wins. Scatters appear in base game and Free Spins. Respin Symbols Respin symbols appear on reels 2, 3 and 4. Land 3 or more Respin symbols to trigger the Epic Strike™ Respins feature. Land 12 Respin symbols to win 2500x total bet. During Free Spins, Respin symbol wins are not multiplied by the Free Spin multiplier. Respin symbol wins are multiplied by the total bet. Respin symbols create their own winning combinations. Respin symbols can appear stacked. Respin symbols pay in any position. Epic Strike™ Respins Feature 3 or more Respin symbols landing on reels 2, 3 or 4 trigger this feature. 1 free respin is awarded. Any additional Respin symbols that land are held, and award another free respin. Triggering Respin symbols are held in place while all other symbol positions spin again. Any Respin symbols that land during the feature are held in place for the duration of the feature. Any Respin symbols that land during the feature will reset the Respin amount to 1. Every Respin symbol that lands will increase the ladder position. The feature ends when either no respins remain or when 12 Respin symbol positions are filled. The final multiplier value and win awarded will be determined when either no respins remain or when all 12 Respin symbol positions have been filled. The final multiplier value and win awarded is related to the amount of Respin symbols that have landed during the feature. The feature can award from 1x to 2500x the total bet. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Ladder tier payouts are not cumulative. All bets and lines played are the same as the spin that triggered the feature. The feature includes Respin symbols and blank symbol positions only. The feature can trigger during base game and Free Spins. Epic Strike™ Feature Bonus symbols appear on reels 2, 3 and 4. Land 3 or more Bonus symbols to win a cash prize. Bonus symbols create their own winning combinations. Land 12 Bonus symbols to instantly win 2500x total bet. During Free Spins, Bonus symbol wins are not multiplied by the Free Spin multiplier. Bonus symbol wins are multiplied by the total bet. The final multiplier value and win awarded is related to the amount of Bonus symbols that have landed for that spin. The feature can award from 1x to 2500x the total bet. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Bonus symbols can appear stacked. Bonus symbols pay in any position. Bonus symbols appear in base game and Free Spins. Free Spins 3 Scatter symbols trigger Free Spins. Select 1 of 3 Free Spins options. 15 Free Spins with a 2x multiplier and a minimum of 1 Respin symbol on the trail. 10 Free Spins with a 3x multiplier and a minimum of 4 Respin symbols on the trail. 6 Free Spins with a 5x multiplier and only Respin symbols on the trail. The Free Spins multiplier is only applicable to line wins. Free Spins play out automatically. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Free Spins can be retriggered. The same number of Free Spins and multiplier awarded on a retrigger are equal to the initial Free Spins feature selection. Additional Free Spins are added to the remaining Free Spins. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Balance: Displays the current balances. Win: Displays the most recent win. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Spin Settings button: Displays additional spin options. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Game Menu Menu button: Displays additional game options. Close button: Closes the game menu. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Banking button: Displays the banking page. Home button: Exits the game. Game Settings Quickspin: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Bet Settings Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Autoplay Settings Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. This feature is available in base game only. Additional Information Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. Translation of Game Terms Excellent! : Excellent! Incredible! : Incredible! Unstoppable! : Unstoppable! Well done! : Well done! Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Values are calculated initially by dividing the total possible payouts by the total possible outcomes that are available within the game. Values reflect the maximum expected return and do not change. Optimal RTP: 94.24%. The probability of triggering certain game events may change during gameplay depending on the current game state or progress. Last modification date: 3/21/2023