Bass Cash Christmas X UP About this Game This is a 5 reel 4 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. A transaction is all payouts and games that may occur as a result of a bet. Way Rules This game includes 1024 ways. A way is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs across the reels. Way wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other in this pattern. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the way cost of 10. Payout Rules Way win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. If multiple winning combinations land on a single way, all wins are awarded. The total payout is the sum of all way wins, cash, jackpot and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Wild Symbols Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a way combination. Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wilds substitute for all symbols except scatter, bonus, cash, jackpot and collect symbols. Scatter Symbols Red Scatter symbol Red Scatters can create their own winning combination when landing anywhere on the reels. Red Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. In the base game Red Scatter symbols appear on all reels. In Free Spins Red Scatter symbols appear on reels 1 and 5 only. Blue Scatter symbol In the base game Blue Scatter symbols appear on reels 1 and 5 only. Blue Scatter symbols do not appear in Free Spins. Blue Scatter symbols do not award wins. Blue Scatter symbols are no longer available on the reels after the 15x X UP trail multiplier increase is awarded. Gold Scatter symbol Gold Scatter symbols appear on reel 1 in the base game only. Gold Scatter symbols do not award wins. Cash Collect Fisherman symbol This game features cash and jackpot prizes. Cash and jackpot prizes of differing values can land on any reel when a spin stops. Cash and jackpot prize symbols appear in the base game and Free Spins. Fisherman symbols appear on reels 1 and 5 in the base game and Free Spins. Fisherman symbols are cash and jackpot prize collection symbols only, and do not form winning payout combinations. When 1 Fisherman symbol lands on the reels at the same time as any cash or jackpot prizes, all the prize amounts present are collected and awarded once. When 2 Fisherman symbols land on the reels at the same time as any cash or jackpot prizes, all the prize amounts present are collected and awarded twice. Cash prizes can appear in 3 size ranges: Small Fish symbol: Cash prizes between 0.2x - 1x bet amount. Medium Fish symbol: Cash prizes between 1.5x - 3x bet amount. Large Fish symbol: Cash prizes between 5x - 10x bet amount. MEGA Jackpot Prize symbol: Jackpot prize is 1 000x bet amount. MAJOR Jackpot Prize symbol: Jackpot prize is 250x bet amount. MINOR Jackpot Prize symbol: Jackpot prize is 50x bet amount. MINI Jackpot Prize symbol: Jackpot prize is 15x bet amount. X UP™ Feature The X UP feature uses a multi-level and multi-tiered trail with a token collection mechanism to activate different cash and jackpot prize multipliers. The X UP tokens are collected in the X UP trail. Greater cash and jackpot prize multipliers are activated as more X UP tokens are collected. During Free Spins the active multiplier is applied to all cash and jackpot prizes on the reels. During the base game 1 Gold Scatter will award the current X UP multiplier to any cash and jackpot prizes on the reels. 2 Red Scatter symbols award 1 X UP token. 2 Blue Scatter symbols award a permanent increase to 1 X UP trail multiplier. Starting from the highest level of the X UP trail, each occurrence of 2 Blue Scatter symbols landing will permanently increase 1 cash multiplier one-by-one from the highest (level 6) to lowest (level 1). The multiplier on each level of the X UP trail can be increased once, except for level 6 which can be increased twice. After all the multipliers of the trail have been increased, level 6 can be increased once again. When Free Spins is started, the active cash and jackpot prize multiplier is in effect from the beginning of the feature. When Free Spins is started any collected X UP tokens are carried into the feature. X UP tokens can be collected during Free Spins. The X UP trail has 6 levels. Number of X UP tokens required to activate the trail levels: X UP tokens are not required to activate Level 1 of the X UP trail. Collecting 1 X UP token will activate Level 2 of the X UP trail. Collecting 3 X UP tokens will activate Level 3 of the X UP trail. Collecting 6 X UP tokens will activate Level 4 of the X UP trail. Collecting 10 X UP tokens will activate Level 5 of the X UP trail. Collecting 15 X UP tokens will activate Level 6 of the X UP trail. X UP tokens cannot be collected while X UP level 6 is active. X UP trail levels, and multiplier tiers: Level 6: Tier 1 (10x), Tier 2 (12x), Tier 3 (15x). Level 5: Tier 1 (8x), Tier 2 (10x). Level 4: Tier 1 (5x), Tier 2 (8x). Level 3: Tier 1 (3x), Tier 2 (6x). Level 2: Tier 1 (2x), Tier 2 (4x). Level 1: Tier 1 (1x), Tier 2 (2x). 3 or more Red Scatter symbols do not award an X UP token. Collected X UP tokens are reset on completion of Free Spins. Free Spins 3 or more Red Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels trigger 8 free spins. Any activated X UP cash and jackpot prize multiplier is in effect from the start of the game. The active X UP multiplier is applied to cash and jackpot prizes only. Additional X UP tokens can be collected which can increase the active X UP cash and jackpot prize multiplier. 2 Red Scatters awards 2 additional spins and 1 X UP token. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. All ways played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Free Spins play out automatically. Free Spins cannot be re-triggered. Bass Cash Bonus Bonus Symbol Bonus symbols can land on any reel in the base game. When a Bonus symbol lands, it is collected to an empty slot above the reel. When all 5 slots have been filled, the Bonus game is triggered. During the Bonus an expanded Fisherman symbol appears on reel 1. Reels 2-5 then spin and only Cash prizes and Trophy symbols will land. All landing Cash prizes are collected during the Bonus spins. Gold, Silver, Red and Blue Trophy symbols appear on the reels during the Bonus. Any landing Trophy symbol is collected above the reels. Spins continue until any 3 of a kind Trophy symbols are collected. In addition to all collected cash prizes, the matching coloured jackpot prize amount is awarded and the bonus game will end. On return to the base game the collected Bonus symbol slots above the reels are reset. Upsizer™ Feature Before Free Spins begin, you have the option to purchase a higher starting cash and jackpot prize multiplier. Once you have selected a multiplier, you are prompted to confirm your choice and the cost of increasing your starting multiplier. The feature may be limited or made inaccessible while your bet exceeds a specified amount. The feature is only available when Free Spins is triggered with an active X UP level between 1 and 5. The feature may not be available in all regions. Buy Feature Selecting the active Buy Bonus button will open the Buy feature. The Buy feature allows you to purchase immediate access to the Free Spins feature. The calculated purchase cost is displayed above the '✓' and 'X' buttons. Selecting '✓' will confirm your choice. Selecting the 'X' button will close the Buy feature. This feature is available in the base game only. The feature may be limited or made inaccessible while the bet exceeds a specified amount. The feature may not be available in all regions. The feature is played at the current bet. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Balance: Displays the current balances. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Game Menu Close button: Closes the game menu. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Banking button: Displays the banking page. Help button: Displays help and additional information. Home button: Exits the game. Game Settings Sounds: Enables game sounds. Quickspin: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Bet Settings Quick Bet: Displays a range of quick betting options to select your total bet amount. Advanced: (+) or (-) Selects the total amount you want to bet. Max Bet: Available in both Quick Bet and Advanced modes, places the maximum bet permitted. Bet options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. Autoplay Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. This feature is available in the base game only. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of additional game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to accept the offer and begin playing. Only one offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the offer. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired, the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. The game displays the bet information and offer expiry date and time. This feature is only available in selected games. Translation of Game Terms COLLECT : COLLECT MEGA : MEGA MAJOR : MAJOR MINOR : MINOR MINI : MINI Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. RTP: 94.2% Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Last modification date: 11/11/2025