Gem Fire Frenzy About this Game This is a 5 reel 4 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Way Rules This game includes 1024 ways. A way is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other in this pattern. Way wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the number of coins multiplied by the coin size. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the ways played. Payout Rules Way win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The total payout is the sum of all way wins resulting from a spin. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. If multiple winning combinations land on a single way, all wins are awarded. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. Wild Symbols Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Scatters. Wild symbols appear on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 in base game and Free Spins. Scatter Symbols This symbol does not have a payout. This symbol appears on all reels in base game and Free Spins. Rolling Reels™ Feature This feature triggers after any ways win. Winning symbols are removed from the reels and the symbols above move into the empty spaces. If new winning combinations are formed, the feature triggers again. The feature continues until no winning combinations are present on the reels. This feature can trigger in base game and Free Spins. Synced Reels Symbols landing on selected synced reels will be identical. This feature occurs randomly in base game. This feature occurs on every spin during Free Spins. 2, 3 or 4 random reels are selected to be linked on each spin. Free Spins Selection 1 or more Scatters on all 5 reels triggers the Free Spins selection. The number of Free Spins increases with the number of triggering Scatters. 2 Free Spins features are available for selection. Free Spins Free Spins play out automatically. Landing 5 Scatters trigger 10 Free Spins. Landing 6 Scatters trigger 12 Free Spins. Landing 7 Scatters trigger 15 Free Spins. Landing 8 Scatters trigger 18 Free Spins. Landing 9 Scatters trigger 20 Free Spins. Landing 10 or more Scatters trigger 25 Free Spins. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Synced reels occur on every spin during Free Spins. 1 or more Scatters on all 5 reels triggers an additional 3 Free Spins. Free Spins feature 1 multiplier trail increases additively by 1x every spin to a maximum of 50x for the duration of Free Spins. Free Spins feature 2 multiplier trail increases additively by 2x every roll to a maximum of 20x and resets on each spin. Buy Feature The feature is played at the current bet. The cost of the feature is a multiple of the current bet size, and is displayed in game. This feature is available in base game only. This feature may not be available above a certain bet threshold. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. This feature is available in base game only. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Bet Settings Total Bet: Displays the total bet. Coin Size: Sets the coin value. Coins Bet: Sets the number of coins to bet. Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Max Bet button: Sets the current bet to the maximum value. Game Settings Sounds: Enables game sounds. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Values are calculated initially by piding the total possible payouts by the total possible outcomes that are available within the game. Values reflect the maximum expected return and do not change. RTP: 94.00%. Buy Feature RTP: 94.00% The RTP of all Buy Features remains the same when choosing either Free Spins option. Last modification date: 9/14/2023