Splash of Gold About this game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Whenever a Leprechaun collect symbol appears during a base game spin, the sum value of all Coins is multiplied by the Collect Multiplier value. The Collect Multiplier will start at x1 and increases by 1 at 10, 50, 155, 305, 520, 850, 1200, 1600, 2250 Coins landed on the reels since the last collect. The Collect Multiplier will reset to x1 after every collect. The Collect Multiplier and Bonus Guarantee only increase in the base game. Payline Rules This game includes 20 paylines. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. The number of paylines played is fixed. Payout Rules Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins resulting from a spin. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. It’s possible to achieve a bonus, and line win combinations. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. Wild Symbols Rainbow symbols are Wild symbols. Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Coin, Pot of Gold and Leprechaun. Bonus Feature 6 Coins in view initiates the bonus. Coin symbols can have values between 0.20x - 50x bet. All Coins are locked for the respins. The player has 3 respins to land more Coin, Pot of Gold or Leprechaun symbols. Each respin equals one chance. If at least one Coin, Pot of Gold or Leprechaun symbol lands in a spin, the number of available respins resets to 3. The bonus ends when all respins are used. At the beginning of the feature there is a Trail that displays Leprechaun collect symbols, Multiplier values and Grand prize. The Trail starts on x1 and increases by one position after every Leprechaun that lands, and any collect wins are processed. Whenever a Leprechaun symbol appears during a respin, the sum of all Coin and Pot of Gold symbols in view is collected and cleared off the reels, then multiplied by the current Trail Multiplier. The maximum multiplier available is x5. Leprechaun symbols do not stick. If 8 Leprechauns appear during a feature, the Grand prize is awarded. After any spin a Leprechaun collects and multiplies all Coins or a Pot of Gold, the chances are reset to 3. On any occasion all positions are filled with both Coins or a Pot of Gold, the feature automatically ends and the total is collected. The Bonus Guarantee is displayed on the screen, and will increase every time you achieve a winning combination involving the Leprechaun symbol. The minimum Bonus Guarantee will increase by 10x. The maximum Bonus Guarantee is 200x. The Bonus Guarantee will reset between 50x and 200x after the bonus has been completed. The maximum win amount is limited to 6000x bet. If the total win of a bonus round reaches 6000x bet, the round immediately ends. All lines played are the same as the spin that triggered this bonus. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this bonus. Pot of Gold Prize Rules A single Pot of Gold can land randomly on any spin during the base game. A single Pot of Gold can land randomly during the duration of the bonus. The Pot of Gold will randomly award one of 5 prizes at the end of the game round. Mini: 10x Minor: 50x Major: 200x Grand: 5 000x Golden: 6 000x The Golden Pot of Gold is available in the base game only. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Hold to Quick Spin: Hold the spin button to enable Quick Spin. Quick Spin ends when the spin button is lifted. This does not influence the results of the spin. Stake: Displays the current total bet. Stake button: Displays options to change the current bet. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Win: Displays the most recent win. Credits: Displays the current balances. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Sound button: Access volume slider and toggle sound on and off. Options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. Exit button: Exits the game. Game Settings Sounds: Enables game sounds. Music: Enables game music. Quickspin: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Close button: Closes the game menu. Home button: Exits the game. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Bet Settings Stake: Displays the current bet value. Bet controls: Increase or decrease the bet with the plus and minus symbols. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. This feature is available in base game only. In quick spin (where available), spins play out automatically at the increased speed selected. Big Win: Stops Autoplay after winning a big win. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Translation of Game Terms BIG WIN = BIG WIN SUPER WIN = SUPER WIN MEGA WIN = MEGA WIN EPIC WIN = EPIC WIN LEGENDARY WIN = LEGENDARY WIN MINI = MINI MINOR = MINOR MAJOR = MAJOR GRAND = GRAND GOLDEN = GOLDEN BONUS GUARANTEE = BONUS GUARANTEE COLLECT MULTIPLIER = COLLECT MULTIPLIER Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. RTP:94.17% Last modification date: 9/30/2025