Area Cash Thor About this Game This is a 15 reel 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the paylines played. The initial bet is the current total bet pided by the payline cost of 20. Payline Rules This game includes 20 paylines. The number of paylines played is fixed. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Payout Rules Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins resulting from a spin. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Autoplay This feature is available in base game only. Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. Independent Reels Each position is an independent reel. There are 15 reels in total. Wild symbols can only land on the reel at the center position. Prize Coin symbols can only land in the 14 non-center position reels. Prize Coin symbols can display credit prizes, Jackpots and Free Spins. Wild Symbols Hammer symbols are Wild symbols. Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Prize Coin symbols. Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. Wild can land with a 2x, 3x, or 5x multiplier in the base game and in the Free Spins. Multipliers are applied to line pays on lines that pass through the multiplier. AREA CASH™ Feature Prize Coin symbols land locked. If Wild symbol lands in the center reel, and at least one Prize Coin symbol lands, the AREA CASH™ feature is triggered. All Prize Coin symbols on the reels are unlocked and immediately awarded. If the Wild symbol has a multiplier, it is applied to all cash prizes and jackpots. If at least one Prize Coin symbol showing Free Spins is unlocked, Free Spins are triggered. AREA CASH™ with Surge Spin If a Wild lands in the center position and there are no Prize Coin symbols on the screen, there is a chance for the Surge Spin feature to be awarded. A random number reels will re-spin. Each reel that re-spins is guaranteed to land a Prize Coin symbol. All such Prize Coin symbols are immediately awarded. Free Spins can be awarded from a Surge Spin. AREA CASH™ with Power Prize If the Area Cash™ feature is triggered with only 1 or 2 Prize Coins unlocked, then the Power Prize feature can trigger. A random number reels will re-spin. Each reel that re-spins is guaranteed to land a Prize Coin symbol. All such Prize Coin symbols are immediately awarded. Prize Coin symbols generated from the Power Prize feature always award a Jackpot. Free Spins All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Free Spins are a possible value that can be shown on the Prize Coin symbol. If the Area Cash™ feature unlocks a Free Spin Prize symbol, Free Spins are triggered. 8 Free Spins are awarded for the initial Free Spin symbol, and 5 additional Free Spins are awarded for each additional Free Spin symbol on the trigger screen. During Free Spins the center reel contains only Wild symbols. During the Free Spins if a Free Spin Prize symbol is unlocked, the amount of additional spins awarded are either +1 or +2 spins. Surge Spins and Power Prize features can be triggered during the Free Spins. Pick Feature At the end of each base game spin that doesn't trigger the Area Cash™ feature, Prize Coin symbols can randomly trigger the Pick feature. Match 3 icons to win the respective prize. If one of the 3 MAJOR, MINOR or MINI matching icons has a 2x, 3x or 5x, then the respective winning prize is multiplied by the displayed 2x, 3x or 5x. The Pick feature cannot trigger from within Free Spins. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Values are calculated initially by piding the total possible payouts by the total possible outcomes that are available within the game. Values reflect the maximum expected return and do not change. RTP: 94.18%. Last modification date: 11/7/2023