Amber Sterling's Mystic Shrine Action Reel Rules The Action Reel randomly opens and spins on any reel spin, except during the Blazing Wild Streak feature. The Action Reel can mark 1, 2 or 3 positions or award a Respin. Adds 1 Marked Position Adds 2 Marked Positions Adds 3 Marked Positions Respin Symbols The Action Reel does not spin during the Blazing Wild Streak feature. Marked Positions The bottom center position is always marked. Each time a position is marked a multiplier on that position will increment by 1X. A position’s multiplier cannot exceed 5X. Positional Multipliers are inactive during normal spins. All marked positions become Wild and multipliers are activated when the Respin is triggered. If a marked position has no visible multiplier, its multiplier is 1X. All marked positions are stored and saved per bet amount. Blazing Wild Streak Feature Respin Symbols A Respin Symbol landing on the Action Reel triggers the Blazing Wild Streak feature. The Respin Symbol will display a X1, X2, or X3 multiplier. The Respin Symbol remains on the Action Reel and 1 free Respin is awarded. Each position marked with a frame becomes Wild. All multipliers become active and position multipliers involved in a line win multiply each other. All line wins are further multiplied by the multiplier associated with the Respin Symbol. The total win shown on a Respin is the base triggering win plus the Respin win. On completion of the Respin, the base game will clear all marked positions and re-mark the bottom center position. Bonus Symbol The Bonus Symbol is a Scatter symbol. The Bonus Symbol cannot be substituted by the Wild symbol. The Bonus Symbol only appears on reels 2, 3, and 4, except during the Blazing Wild Streak feature. 3 Bonus Symbols scattered on the reels trigger the Bonus Game. The graphical collection pot in the game is purely for visual entertainment and as such does not influence awarding a Jackpot. Bonus Game 3 Bonus Symbols scattered on the reels trigger the Bonus Game. The Bonus Game is a match 3 to win feature. 12 items are shown. Selecting each item will reveal a gem associated with 1 of 4 Jackpots. Matching 3 gems awards the corresponding jackpot and ends the feature. All bets during the Bonus Game are the same as the triggering spin. Wild Symbols The Wild substitutes for all symbols except the Bonus and Action Reel symbols. The Wild symbol can appear on all reels except the Action Reel. The Wild symbol is available during the base game and the Blazing Wild Streak feature. Line Payouts Winnings paid out for a payline are dependent on the symbols displayed on the payline, once the reels have come to a stop. Line wins are calculated by multiplying the line combination payout by the line bet. The line bet is total bet divided by 20. The symbols must be next to each other on a payline to produce a winning line combination. Payline winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, a winning payline combination must start with the leftmost payline position and continue on adjacent positions on the payline. Line wins are paid out only on the highest paying combination on each line. At most 1 winning combination is paid out per payline. Only the available lines can produce a winning line combination. You are paid the total of all payline wins that land on a spin. Game Payouts Winnings paid out on the slot machine are dependent on the symbols displayed in the reel area, once the reels have come to a stop. All payout tables display the number of credits that are won for each winning combination. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Icons Autoplay Main Menu Return Decrement Increment Bet Quick Spin Mute / Unmute Responsible Gaming Player Protection Loyalty Game History Transaction History Banking Settings Paytable / Information Help Files Lobby Discard Some of these options may not be available in your location. Playing the Game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form winning combinations. The payout is dependent on the winning combinations formed. Your balance is displayed in credits and is available in the console bar. Select your bet on a mobile device by tapping the Bet icon or the Bet area. Select your bet in desktop through the Main Menu or on the console bar. Click or tap the spin button to spin the reels. Select the stop button to stop the current reel spin. This can also be done by clicking or tapping the reels. This does not influence the results of the spin. If enabled in Settings, you may press spacebar to spin or stop. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is completed and you can play again. Once the reels stop, wins are highlighted if you have a winning combination. You are paid out the win amount as displayed in the win box. The theoretical return to the player (RTP) is 94.15%. Bet Selection Select your bet in desktop with the Increment and Decrement icons on the console bar. You can also select your bet from the Main Menu using the Bet icon, or by clicking the bet area. Select your bet on a mobile device by tapping Bet in the console bar or by tapping the Bet icon. Settings The Settings panel provides access to multiple game settings. Some settings may not be available in your location. To access the Settings panel, open the Main Menu and select the Settings icon. You can choose which settings to turn on or off. Intro Screen setting displays the intro screen at startup. Show Tutorial at Startup setting displays the tutorial on launching the game. Quick Spin setting increases the speed of the slot reel spin. All Sounds setting controls all sounds, including game and background sounds. Game Sounds setting controls console and spin sounds, as well as sounds for winning combinations and sequences. (Only enabled if All Sounds is ON.) Background Music setting controls background music. (Only enabled if All Sounds is ON.) Spacebar to Spin setting allows you to spin the reels using your computer's spacebar. Autoplay Using Autoplay, you can spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game. A bet amount must be set before starting the Autoplay session, as Autoplay plays with the last bet value. Autoplay can be stopped at any time. This does not influence the results of the spin. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Triggering any feature will stop Autoplay. Last modification date: 6/15/2021