Asian Fusion About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. A transaction is all payouts and games that may occur as a result of a bet. Payline Rules This game includes 20 paylines. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. The number of paylines played is fixed. Only the highest win is paid per line. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the payline cost of 10. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the paylines played. Payout Rules Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins and jackpot wins resulting from a spin. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Wild Symbols Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Scatter, Trigger and Upgrade symbols. Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wild symbols appear in base game and Free Spins. Scatter Symbols This symbol appears in base game only. This symbol does not have a payout. Trigger Symbols This symbol appears in base game and Free Spins. This symbol is an overlay symbol. Depending on the feature that is triggered, this symbol will either be removed from the reels, revealing the symbol beneath, or replaced. This symbol does not have a payout. Upgrade Symbols This symbol appears in base game and Free Spins. This symbol is an overlay symbol. This symbol will be removed from the reels, revealing the symbol beneath, once the upgrade is awarded. This symbol does not have a payout. Feature Tabs in Base Game A feature tab is located at the top of each reel. Land Upgrade or Trigger symbols to upgrade or trigger the prize of the feature tab above. The prize awarded is dependent on the upgrade achieved. Unless otherwise stated, upgrade and trigger levels achieved will reset upon feature trigger. Unless otherwise stated, upgrade and trigger levels achieved will not be available in the Free Spins features. Multiple prizes can be awarded per spin. Multiple prizes are awarded from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. All bets and lines played are the same as the spin that triggered the feature tab prize. Wild Multipliers Feature Tab: Above reel 1. Awards 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, 9x or 10x Wild multipliers on reel 1. Land 1 Upgrade symbol to increase or 1 Trigger symbol to win the prize. The Wild multiplier only applies to line wins that it is a part of. MINI Jackpot Feature Tab: Above reel 2. Awards 10x to 30x the total bet. Land 1 Upgrade symbol to increase the jackpot by 0.2x the total bet per symbol land. Land 4 Trigger symbols, 1 per spin, to win the prize. Upgrade and trigger levels achieved and not reset will be available in the Jackpot Free Spins feature. Extra Wilds Feature Tab: Above reel 3. Awards and randomly adds 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9 or 10 Wild symbols to the reels. Land 1 Upgrade symbol to increase or 1 Trigger symbol to win the prize. Awarded Wild symbols will not replace any already landed Wild symbols. MINOR Jackpot Feature Tab: Above reel 4. Awards 30x to 80x the total bet. Land 1 Upgrade symbol to increase the jackpot by 0.5x the total bet per symbol land. Land 4 Trigger symbols, 1 per spin, to win the prize. Upgrade and trigger levels achieved and not reset will be available in the Jackpot Free Spins feature. Walking Wilds Feature Tab: Above reel 5. Awards 1, 2 or 3 Walking Wilds on reel 5. Land 1 Upgrade symbol to increase or 1 Trigger symbol to win the prize. Upgrades achieved will reset once all Walking Wilds have been removed from the reels. Walking Wilds will move 1 reel to the left per spin. After reaching reel 1, Walking Wilds will be removed from the reels on the next spin. Walking Wilds only apply to line wins that they are a part of. Walking Wilds are stored per bet amount. Upgrades are stored per bet amount. Jackpot Spin A MAJOR spin or a GRAND spin can randomly trigger on any base game spin and award the associated prize. Awarded prizes are dependent on the upgrade level achieved during the Jackpot Free Spins feature. Any upgrades will reset upon feature trigger. The GRAND jackpot awards 2500x to 7500x the total bet. The MAJOR jackpot awards 250x to 750x the total bet. During a random MAJOR spin or a random GRAND spin, collect all letters by landing a Trigger symbol on each reel to win the prize. A random MAJOR spin or a random GRAND spin plays out automatically. Wins awarded during a random MAJOR spin or a random GRAND spin are added to base game wins. A random MAJOR spin or a random GRAND spin cannot trigger during Free Spins. Free Spins 3 Scatter symbols trigger Free Spins. A feature tab is located at the top of each reel. Land Upgrade or Trigger symbols to upgrade or trigger the prize of the feature tab above. The prize awarded is dependent on the upgrade achieved. Unless otherwise stated, upgrade levels achieved will not reset upon feature trigger. Unless otherwise stated, upgrade and trigger levels achieved will not be available in base game. Multiple prizes can be awarded per spin. Multiple prizes are awarded from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. All bets and lines played are the same as the spin that triggered the feature tab prize. Spin the Free Spins Randomizer to be awarded 1 of 4 Free Spins features. Wild Multipliers Free Spins feature: Includes 10 Free Spins and a Wild Multipliers Feature Tab above every reel. Awards 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, 9x or 10x Wild multipliers on the reel below the triggered feature tab. Land 1 Upgrade symbol to increase or 1 Trigger symbol to win the prize. The Wild multiplier only applies to line wins that it is a part of. Wild multipliers are additive when part of a line win. Extra Wilds Free Spins feature: Includes 10 Free Spins and an Extra Wilds Feature Tab above every reel. Awards and randomly adds 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9 or 10 Wild symbols to the reels. Land 1 Upgrade symbol to increase or 1 Trigger symbol to win the prize. Awarded Wild symbols will not replace any already landed Wild symbols. Walking Wilds Free Spins feature: Includes 10 Free Spins and a Walking Wilds Feature Tab above every reel. Awards 1, 2 or 3 Walking Wilds on the reel below the triggered feature tab. Land 1 Upgrade symbol to increase or 1 Trigger symbol to win the prize. Walking Wilds will move 1 reel to the left per spin. On reel 1 or after reaching reel 1, Walking Wilds will be removed from the reels on the next spin. Walking Wilds only apply to line wins that they are a part of. Jackpots Free Spins feature: Includes 10 Free Spins and a jackpot feature tab above every reel. MINI, MINOR, MAJOR and GRAND jackpots can be awarded. Upgrade and trigger levels achieved will reset upon feature trigger. MINI Jackpot Feature Tab in the Jackpots Free Spins feature: Above reel 2. Awards 10x to 30x the total bet. Land 1 Upgrade symbol to increase the jackpot by 0.2x the total bet per symbol land. Land 4 Trigger symbols, 1 per spin, to win the prize. Upgrade and trigger levels achieved and not reset will be available in base game. MINOR Jackpot Feature Tab in the Jackpots Free Spins feature: Above reel 4. Awards 30x to 80x the total bet. Land 1 Upgrade symbol to increase the jackpot by 0.5x the total bet per symbol land. Land 4 Trigger symbols, 1 per spin, to win the prize. Upgrade and trigger levels achieved and not reset will be available in base game. MAJOR Jackpot Feature Tab in the Jackpots Free Spins feature: Above reel 1. Awards 250x to 750x the total bet. Land 1 Upgrade symbol to increase the jackpot by 10x the total bet per symbol land. Land 4 Trigger symbols, 1 per spin, to win the prize. Upgrade levels achieved and not reset will be available in the base game Jackpot Spin. Trigger levels achieved will reset upon feature trigger and completion of the Jackpots Free Spins feature. GRAND Jackpot Feature Tab in the Jackpots Free Spins feature: Above reel 3. Awards 2 500x to 7 500x the total bet. Land 1 Upgrade symbol to increase the jackpot by 100x the total bet per symbol land. Land 4 Trigger symbols, 1 per spin, to win the prize. Upgrade levels achieved and not reset will be available in the base game Jackpot Spin. Trigger levels achieved will reset upon feature trigger and completion of the Jackpots Free Spins feature. Multi-Jackpot Feature Tab in the Jackpots Free Spins feature: Above reel 5. Trigger symbols that land on reel 5 will apply to all other reels. Upgrade symbols that land on reel 5 will apply to all other reels not already on the highest upgrade. Free Spins play out automatically. Free Spins cannot be re-triggered. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. All lines played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Upsizer™ Feature This feature is offered after the Free Spins Randomizer has been spun. This feature allows a more valuable Free Spins feature to be purchased before Free Spins begins. The Free Spins Randomizer result will affect what Free Spins features are available for purchase. Any available Free Spins features are presented with their calculated purchase costs. Once a Free Spins feature is selected, a confirmation prompt will display with details of the purchase. Selecting the ‘✓’ button will complete the feature purchase. Selecting the ‘X’ button will close the feature. Free Spins feature options are activated at the prices displayed. Selecting the 'Start Free Spins' button will start the Free Spins feature. Selecting the '?' button displays a dialog box with descriptions of the Free Spins features. The feature may be limited or made inaccessible while the bet exceeds a specified amount. The feature may not be available in all regions. Buy Feature Selecting the active Buy feature button will open the Buy feature. The Buy feature allows the purchase of immediate access to the Free Spins Randomizer and the subsequent Free Spins feature. A cost dialog displays the calculated purchase cost. The Buy Feature cost is 50x bet. Updating the current bet amount will update the cost of the feature. Once the ‘Buy’ button is selected, a confirmation prompt will display with details of the purchase. Selecting the ‘✓’ button will complete the feature purchase. Selecting the ‘X’ button will close the feature. Bet changes are applied on confirmation of the Buy feature purchase. The feature is played at the current bet. This feature is available in base game only. The feature may be limited or made inaccessible while the bet exceeds a specified amount. The feature may not be available in all regions. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Balance: Displays the current balances. Win: Displays the most recent win. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Spin Settings button: Displays additional spin options. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Buy Feature button: Displays the option to purchase the Free Spins feature. Game Menu Menu button: Displays additional game options. Close button: Closes the game menu. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Banking button: Displays the banking page. Home button: Exits the game. Game Settings Quickspin: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Bet Settings Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Autoplay Settings Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Bet: Sets the current bet value. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. This feature is available in base game only. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of additional game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired, the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. This feature is only available in selected games. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Translation of Game Terms GRAND : GRAND MAJOR : MAJOR MINOR : MINOR MINI : MINI RTP: 94.24% Last modification date: 3/25/2026