Cossacks: The Wild Hunt About this Game This is a 6 reel 6 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. The reels are divided into the outer reel and inner reel zones. The outer zone includes reel 1 and 6, and the top row of the reel grid. The inner zone includes reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. Way Rules This game includes up to 46656 ways. A way is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other in this pattern. Way wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Wonderways® In each spin, a random number of Blocker symbols will land on the outer zone. This will dictate the number of Wonderways active for that spin. Maximum number of active Wonderways for one spin is 46656. Every win triggers a cascade. Winning combinations are cleared from the reels and replaced with new random symbols. Symbols in the outer zone are also replaced with new random symbols on each cascade. Every cascade increments the win multiplier by 1. The win multiplier resets to 1 after the first non-winning combination. Payout Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The award is multiplied by the number of symbols that occur per reel in the winning combination. The total payout is the sum of all way wins resulting from a spin. Way win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. Wild Symbol Wilds appear in the inner zone only. Wilds can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wilds can substitute for all symbols except Scatter symbols. Blocker Symbol Blocker symbols appear in the outer zone only. Blocker symbols do not pay anything and do not substitute for other symbols. To Arms! This feature can trigger in base game and Free Spins. This feature can trigger on any spin, but not on a cascade. Arrows will hit the reels and change some symbols to award a 6 of a kind win. Other winning combinations may appear together with the 6 of a kind. Release The Wilds This feature can trigger in base game and Free Spins. This feature can trigger on any spin, but not on a cascade. Blades can smash into the reels on any spin. Any symbols that are hit will change into Wilds and create winning combinations. Free Spins Scatters appear in the inner zone only. 4 scatters forming the word "HUNT" on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 will activate 8 Free Spins. Every extra Scatter in the base game will award 2 extra Free Spins. Free Spins are played at the triggering bet. Free Spins starts with a 1 win multiplier. Every win will increment the win multiplier by 1. The win multiplier is unlimited and persistent until the end of the Free Spins. Axe symbols can appear on reels 2, 3, 4 or 5. Every Axe symbol that lands is collected. 3 extra Free Spins will be awarded for every 4 Axe symbols collected. Buy Free Spins This feature is available in base game only. 8 Free Spins can be bought with a pre-set multiplier. A 1x, 10x, or 20x multiplier can be selected, at a cost of 100x, 250x, or 400x the total bet respectively. The Foxify™ mode does not affect the cost of the feature. The Foxify™ mode will deactivate when Free Spins are bought. Foxify™ This feature can be activated in base game only. The total bet is increased 5x. This feature does not affect symbol pays. All Blocker symbols are removed from the reels. The chances of triggering Free Spins are increased. Autoplay This feature is available in base game only. Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Balance: Displays the current balances. Game Menu Menu button: Displays additional game options. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Audio button: Toggles the game audio. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Translation of Game Terms The translated terms are only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. +3 spins - +3 spins Mega Win - Mega Win Epic Win - Epic Win Free Spins - Free Spins HUNT - Hunt Win Multiplier - Win Multiplier Win up to 10000X - Win up to 10000X Wonderways - Wonderways Big Win - Big Win Voice-Over Translations Big Win - Big Win Mega Win - Mega Win Epic win my friend - Epic win my friend Extra spins - Extra spins More spins - More spins We shall continue - We shall continue Free Spins - Free Spins Hunt time - Hunt time Release the wilds - Release the wilds Six of a kind - Six of a kind Last modification date: 1/5/2022