Alice in Wildland About this Game l This is a video slot game with 2 reel arrays. l Each reel array has 5 reels and 3 rows. l The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. l Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Bet Rules l Each spin played costs a total bet amount. l The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the payline cost of 20. l The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the paylines played. Payline Rules l This game includes 40 paylines. l The number of paylines played is fixed. l A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. l A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. l Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Payout Rules l Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. l The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. l If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. l Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. l The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. l The total payout is the sum of all payline wins resulting from a spin. Game Controls l Spin button: Starts a reel spin. l Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. l A click or tap on the reels stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. l Spin Settings button: Displays additional spin options. l Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. l Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. l Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. l Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. l Bet Increase button: Increases the current bet. l Bet Decrease button: Decreases the current bet. l Bet: Displays the current total bet. l Win: Displays the most recent win. l Credits: Displays the current balances. Game Menu l Menu button: Displays additional game options. l Home button: Exits the game. l Banking button: Displays the banking page. l Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. l Sounds: Enables game sounds. Additional Information l Some settings and features may not be available in this game. l Malfunction voids all pays and plays. l In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. l The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. l The results of the last game played are displayed. l If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Wild Symbols l Cheshire Cat symbols are Wild symbols. l Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Bonus symbols. l Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. l Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. Copycat Wild Feature l If an entire reel of Wilds lands on either reel set, the Wild stack will be copied to the corresponding reel on the other reel set. l If a Copycat Wild covers a Bonus symbol, that symbol position will behave as both a Wild and a Bonus symbol. Cheshire Multipliers l Trigger up to 6 Cheshire Multipliers! l If an entire reel of Wilds land on the same reel of both reel sets, a Cheshire Multiplier will be awarded. l A single Cheshire Multiplier can also be randomly awarded on any spin. l All awarded Cheshire Multipliers are added together, and then applied to all line wins. l Possible Cheshire Multipliers are 2, 3, 5, 7 and 10. Bonus Symbols l Clock symbols are Bonus symbols. l Clock symbols do not have a payout. Free Spins l 3, 4, 5 or 6 Bonus symbols anywhere on the reels trigger this feature. l 10, 15, 25 or 50 Free Spins are awarded respectively. l Wild stacks nudge to fill the reel. l The Copycat Wild feature occurs after all Wilds nudge. l If Wilds nudge on the same reel of both reel sets, a Cheshire Multiplier is awarded. l Free Spins play out automatically. l All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. l All lines played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. l Free Spins can be retriggered. Return to Player l The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. l This value is fixed and does not change. l This game has an RTP of 94.24%. Last modification date: 9/30/2021