Smooth Sailing About this Game l This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. l The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. l Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Bet Rules l Each spin played costs a total bet amount. l The initial bet is the number of coins multiplied by the coin size. l The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the paylines played. Payline Rules l This game includes 20 paylines. l The number of paylines played is fixed. l A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. l Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. l A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. l On a single payline if multiple winning combinations land, only the highest win is awarded. Payout Rules l Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. l The total payout is the sum of all payline wins and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. l The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. l Disclaimer: The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Wild Symbols l Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. l Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. l Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Scatters. l This symbol appears in base game only. Ship Scatter Symbols l Ship Scatter symbols are Scatter symbols. l Ship Scatter symbol appears in both base game and Free Spins. l Ship Scatter symbol wins are based on initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the paylines played. l Scatters can create their own winning combination when landing anywhere on the reels. Gold Coin Bet Feature l This feature is available in base game only. l Activating the Gold Coin Bet increases the total bet by 50%. l The Gold Coin Bet is an optional side wager that places Ticket Scatter symbols over random royal symbols on the base game reels. l The Gold Coin Bet increases chance of triggering Free Spins. l The Gold Coin Bet does not affect any pays. l Ticket Scatter symbols are Scatter symbols. l Ticket Scatter symbols appear in base game only. l Ticket Scatter symbols do not affect royal symbol pays. l Ticket Scatter symbol wins are based on initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the paylines played. l Scatters can create their own winning combination when landing anywhere on the reels. Free Spins l 3, 4 or 5 Ship symbols anywhere on the reels trigger this feature. l 3, 4 or 5 Gold Coin Bet Ticket Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels trigger this feature. l 10 Free Spins are awarded. l Free Spins can be retriggered and awards an additional 10 Free Spins. l Free Spins are played on a different reel set from the base game. l Free Spins royal symbols pay on adjacent reels from leftmost to right. l Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. l All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. l All lines played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Connectify Pays™ l During Free Spins, Gold Ship, Red Ship or Blue Ship symbols on winning paylines connect across reels from leftmost to right. l During Free Spins, winning combinations of Gold Ship, Red Ship or Blue Ship symbols pay Connectify Pays™. l During Free Spins, 2X on reel 5 multiplies any five of a kind Connectify Pays™ win by 2. Game Controls l Gold Coin Bet button: Toggle to turn Gold Coin Bet feature on or off. l Spin button: Starts a reel spin. l Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. l Play button: Continues the game. l Fast Play Active Indicator: Indicates when Fast Play is active. l Bet Up button: Increases the current bet up to the next highest available bet. l Bet Down button: Decreases the current bet down to the next lowest available bet. l Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. l Autoplay start button: Starts Autoplay session. l Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. l Game Menu button: Displays the game settings and game payout table. l Help button: Displays help and additional information. Game Menu l System Menu button: Displays additional system options. l Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. l Bet button: Displays the bet options. l Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. l Settings button: Displays the game settings. l Return to Game button: Closes the Game Menu and returns to the base game. Bet Settings l Coin Size: Sets the coin value. l Coins Per Line: Sets the number of coins to bet per line. l Gold Coin Bet button: Toggle to turn Gold Coin Bet feature on or off. Game Settings l Fast Play button: Toggle to turn Fast Play on or off to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. l Mute All Sounds button: Toggle to mute all game sounds. l Background Music button: Toggle to turn background music on or off. l Sound Effects button: Toggle to turn game sound effects on or off. l Intro Screen button: Toggle to turn the game Intro Screen on or off. l Left-Handed Mode button: Toggle to turn left-handed mode on or off. Additional Information l In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. l If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. l The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. l The results of the last game played are displayed. l Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. l Some settings and features may not be available in this game. l Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Return to Player l The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. l This game has an RTP of 94.85 %. l This game has a different RTP with the Gold Coin Bet enabled. l The RTP with the Gold Coin Bet enabled is 96. 22 %. Last modification date: 10/26/2021