Chronicles of Olympus X Up About this Game l This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. l The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. l Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. l This game includes 243 ways. X UP Feature l 2 landed Scatter symbols award an X UP token. No token is awarded for 3 landed Scatter symbols. l Awarded X UP tokens are collected and highlighted in the X UP Multiplier Trail device. l Greater Free Spins win multipliers are activated as more X UP tokens are collected. l When Free Spins is started, any active Free Spins win multiplier will be in effect from the beginning of the feature. l When Free Spins is started any collected X UP tokens will be carried into the feature. l Collecting 1 X UP token will activate the 2x Free Spins Multiplier. l Collecting 3 X UP tokens will activate the 3x Free Spins Multiplier. l Collecting 5 X UP tokens will activate the 4x Free Spins Multiplier. l Collecting 8 X UP tokens will activate the 5x Free Spins Multiplier. l Collecting 11 X UP tokens will activate the 7x Free Spins Multiplier. l Collecting 15 X UP tokens will activate the 10x Free Spins Multiplier. l Collecting 19 X UP tokens will activate the 25x Free Spins Multiplier. l Collecting 23 X UP tokens will activate the 50x Free Spins Multiplier and start the Free Spins Feature. l Collected X UP tokens and any activated Free Spins Multipliers are stored and used per bet amount. l Collected X UP tokens are removed on completion of Free Spins for the current bet amount. Upsizer feature l Before the Free Spins feature begins, you have the option to purchase a higher starting Free Spins multiplier. l Once you have selected a multiplier, you are prompted to confirm your choice and the cost of increasing your starting multiplier. l The feature is only available when Free Spins is triggered by Scatter symbols landing with a Multiplier less than 50x. l The feature may be limited or made inaccessible while your bet exceeds a specified amount. l The feature may not be available in all regions. Free Spins l 3 Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels 2, 3, and 4 trigger 8 Free Spins. l Any activated X UP Free Spins win multiplier will be in effect from the start of the game. l During Free Spins, landing 2 Scatters will award 2 additional Free Spins and an X UP token. l Additional X UP tokens can be collected during Free Spins which can increase the active X UP Free Spins win multiplier. l All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. l A maximum of 50x X UP Free Spins win multiplier can be achieved. l All ways played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. l Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. l Free Spins cannot be retriggered. l Free Spins play out automatically. Buy Feature l Tapping the active Buy Bonus button will open the Buy feature. l Buy feature allows you to purchase 8 Free Spins, starting at a randomly awarded free spins multiplier. l The awarded multiplier can be equal to, or higher than your current multiplier. l Tapping ' ✓ ' will confirm your choice to buy a randomly awarded multiplier. l Tapping the 'X' button will close the Buy feature. l The Buy Bonus Feature and any purchased Free Spins are played at the currently selected bet. l This feature is available in base game only. l The feature may be limited or made inaccessible while your bet exceeds a specified amount. l The feature may not be available in all regions. Bet Rules l Each spin played costs a total bet amount. l The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the way cost of 30. Way Rules l This game includes 243 ways. l A way is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs across the reels. l A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other in this pattern. l Way wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Payout Rules l Way win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. l The total payout is the sum of all way wins and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. l Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. l The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. l The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. l If multiple winning combinations land on a single way, only the highest win is awarded. Wild Symbols l Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. l Wild symbols expand to fill the reel. l Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Scatters. l Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a way combination. Scatter Symbols l In base game this symbol appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. l In free spins this symbol appears on reels 2 and 4 only. l Scatters can create their own winning combination when landing anywhere on the reels. l Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Autoplay l This feature is available in base game only. l Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. l Selecting an autoplay option button will set the number of spins and start Autoplay l AutoPlay plays with the last bet value you selected, so you must select a bet amount before starting AutoPlay. l The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. l Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Autoplay Options l AutoPlay options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. l Number of spins: Set the number of spins you want to play. l Bet settings: Set the bet amount you want to play. l Until stop: Set the session to play until you select to stop. This does not influence the results of the spin. l Stop if a win exceeds or equals: Stop the session if the win exceeds or equals the amount selected. l Win Limit or If win at least: Stop the session if the win exceeds or equals the amount selected. l Loss Limit or If amount drops by: Stop the session if your balance decreases and drops below or equals the amount selected. l Stop once all spins are complete: Stop after playing the number of spins selected. l Stop on any win: Stop the session if you win on a spin. l Stop if credits increase by: Stop the session if your balance increases and exceeds or equals the amount selected. l Stop if credits decrease by: Stop the session if your balance decreases and drops below or equals the amount selected. l Stop on a feature: Stops if Free Spins or another bonus feature is activated. Bet Settings l Quick Bet: Displays a range of quick betting options to select your total bet amount. l Advanced: (+) or (-) Selects the total amount you want to bet. l Max Bet: Available in both Quick Bet and Advanced modes, places the maximum bet permitted. l Bet options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. Game Controls l Spin button: Starts a reel spin. l Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. l Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. l Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. l Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. l Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. l Bet: Displays the current total bet. l Balance: Displays the current balances. l Menu button: Displays additional game options. Game Menu l Close button: Closes the game menu. l Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. l Settings button: Displays the game settings. l Menu button: Displays additional game options. l Banking button: Displays the banking page. l Help button: Displays help and additional information. l Home button: Exits the game. Game Settings l Sounds: Enables game sounds. l Quickspin: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Additional Information l Some settings and features may not be available in this game. l Malfunction voids all pays and plays. l In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. l The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. l The results of the last game played are displayed. l If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. l Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. l Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. Return to Player l The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. l This value is fixed and does not change. l This game has an RTP of 96.33%. l This game has an RTP for different game modes. l Buy Feature RTP is 96.33%. Last modification date: 10/26/2021