Stars Bonanza About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Payline Rules This game includes 10 fixed paylines. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Betting and payout rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. Wins are multiplied by the total bet. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins resulting from a spin. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Wild Symbols Joker symbols are Wild symbols. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Starfruit symbols. Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. This symbol appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. This symbol does not have a payout. Wild Collection Reels 2, 3, 4 have Wild Collection. Each Wild Collection has 2 spots that need to be filled in in order to trigger the feature. Each time a Wild symbol lands on a reel, it is added to the collection for that reel. A full Wild collection awards a Wild Reel on that reel for the next 2 spins. Each symbol in the Wild Reel is a Wild symbol. The collection state is saved per bet. Changing the bet size restores the collection state for that bet size. Starfruit Symbols Starfruit symbols can create their own winning combination when landing anywhere on 3 or more consecutive reels, starting from the leftmost reel. The Starfruit symbols can't land on the reels when at least 1 Wild Reel is active. Each Starfruit symbol reveals a cash prize or a Jackpot prize. The possible Jackpot prizes are: Mini - 10x, Minor - 20x, Major - 50x, and Mega - 500x. Only 1 Mega Jackpot prize can land during a spin. The possible cash prizes are: 0.5x, 1x, 1.5x, 2x, 2.5x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 7x, and 8x the bet. All cash prizes and Jackpot prizes are multiplied by the Starfruit Multiplier. All Jackpot prizes displayed in the game have the current Starfruit Multiplier applied. Cash prizes are multiplied on winning combination. Starfruit Multiplier The Starfruit Multiplier increases by 1x if Starfruit symbols land on both reel 1 and 2 without creating a winning combination. The multiplier starts at 1x, and can increase up to 10x. The Starfruit Multiplier is applied to winning Starfruit symbols only. The Starfruit Multiplier resets to 1x when Starfruit symbols create a winning combination, except during Stars Bonus. The Starfruit Multiplier does not change if the bet changes. Stars Bonus All Starfruit symbols that did not contribute to a winning combination or to the Starfruit Multiplier are collected to the Starfruit Collection. The more Starfruit symbols collected, the higher the chance of triggering the Stars Bonus. This feature can randomly trigger on any spin. The Stars Bonus can't be triggered when at least 1 Wild Reel is active. The Stars Bonus does not reset the Starfruit Multiplier. When the feature is triggered, the Starfruit symbols are distributed to the board during the spin, creating a winning combination. During the spin, additional Starfruit symbols can land increasing the payout. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. This feature is available in the base game only. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. When all Autoplay rounds are played, 3 options are presented: "START" starts the same number of Autoplay rounds with the same settings, "MORE" opens the Autoplay settings, "X" closes the feature. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Bet Settings Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Balance: Displays the current balances. Spacebar: Pressing this keyboard button starts or stops a spin. This does not influence the result of the spin. Spacebar: Holding this keyboard button starts a quickspin. This does not influence the result of the spin. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Game Menu Sounds: Enables game sounds. Home button: Exits the game. Banking button: Displays the banking page. Help button: Displays help and additional information. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Menu button: Toggles the game menu. Game Settings Push spacebar to spin: enables or disables this option. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of additional game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired, the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Translation of Game Terms Big Win = Big Win Mega Win = Mega Win Super Win = Super Win MEGA = Mega MAJOR = Major MINOR = Minor MINI = Mini Bonus = Bonus Stars Bonus = Stars Bonus Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. RTP: 94.15% Last modification date: 12/16/2025