Dragon's Loot Link and Win 4Tune About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Payline Rules This game includes 25 paylines. The number of paylines played is fixed. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the payline cost of 10. Payout Rules Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins resulting from a spin. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. Wild Symbols Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Scatters, Dragon Coin symbols, Royal Dragon Coin symbols and Token symbols. Wild symbols appear on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 only. This symbol does not have a payout. Scatter Symbols Scatters can create their own winning combination when landing anywhere on the reels. This symbol appears in base game only. General Rules for Link&Win 4Tune™ Features Dragon Coin symbol can trigger Link&Win 4Tune™ feature, Royal Dragon Coin symbol can trigger Enhanced Link&Win 4Tune™ feature. The feature can trigger only in the base game. The feature is played on 4 grids, each has 5 reels and 3 rows. 3 free respins are awarded. Triggering symbols are held in place while all other symbol positions respin. Only Coin symbols and blank reel symbol spaces appear on the reels. Each Coin symbol reveals a random multiplier value or one of the following jackpots: Mini, Minor or Major. The multiplier values allocated are 0.5x, 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 10x and 15x. The multiplier values are multiplied by the total bet. Major Jackpot awards 1 000x total bet. The Minor Jackpot awards 100x total bet. Mini Jackpot awards 20x total bet. Every Coin symbol that lands remains on screen for the duration of the feature. When Coin symbol lands anywhere on the active grids, all spin counters are reset to 3. The feature ends when no respins remain or when there are no symbol positions available. At the end of the feature, the values of all landed Coin symbols on active grids are added to the feature win. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. When the win cap limit is reached, the feature will be completed. The win cap limit is 15 000x. If one of the Link&Win 4Tune™ features and Free Spins are triggered on the same spin, Free Spins game is played out first. Link&Win 4Tune™ and Enhanced Link&Win 4Tune™ features cannot be triggered on the same spin. Link&Win 4Tune™ with Dragon Coins 6 or more Dragon Coin symbols anywhere on the reels trigger this feature. All triggering Dragon Coin symbols are placed on the first grid. The number of active grids depends on the amount of Dragon Coin symbols on the reels. The grids become active one after another depending on how many Dragon Coin symbols have landed. When there are at least 8 Dragon Coin symbols on the first grid, the second grid is activated. When there are at least 20 Dragon Coin symbols on the first and on the second grids, the third grid is activated. When there are at least 36 Dragon Coin symbols on the first three grids, the fourth grid is activated. When all positions on an active grid are filled with a Dragon Coin symbols, Grand Jackpot is awarded additionally. Grand Jackpot awards 5 000x total bet. During feature session, Grand Jackpot can be awarded once. Enhanced Link&Win 4Tune™ with Royal Dragon Coins 6 or more Royal Dragon Coin symbols anywhere on the reels trigger this feature. All triggering Royal Dragon Coin symbols are put on the same positions on all 4 grids. All 4 grids are active throughout the feature. When all positions on any grid are filled with Royal Dragon Coin symbols, Grand Jackpot is awarded additionally. Grand Jackpot awards 5 000x total bet. During feature session, Grand Jackpot can be awarded once. Free Spins 3, 4 or 5 Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels trigger this feature 10 Free Spins are awarded. Free Spins play out automatically. Free Spins are played on 4 grids, each has 5 reels and 3 rows. On entry to Free Spins, one grid has to be picked as a favourite grid. During Free Spins, there is a special Token symbol on the reels. Each grid has individual Token symbol counter. When a Token lands on the reel, it is added to that grid's Token counter. If by the end of Free Spins the Token counter of favourite grid is equal to other counters or higher, then the wins of all grids are awarded. If by the end of Free Spins the Token counter of favourite grid is smaller than other counters, then only the win of favourite grid is awarded. Token counter is reset when Free Spins is completed. Free Spins cannot be retriggered. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. All lines played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Bonus Pick Bonus Pick is represented by a little pouch. The pouch collects Scatter and Coin symbols. The graphical collection of Scatter and Coin symbols in this game is purely for visual entertainment and as such does not influence triggering the features. Bonus Pick can trigger, when there are 1-5 Dragon Coin symbols or 1-2 Scatter symbols on the reels. Bonus Pick will not trigger, when there are Royal Dragon Coin symbols on the reels. When the feature is triggered, one of the following prizes is awarded: 1x bet cash prize, 10x bet cash prize, 10 Free Spins, Link&Win 4Tune™ or Enhanced Link&Win 4Tune™. Buy Feature This feature is available in base game only. Activating this feature will instantly trigger the selected feature. 35x current bet triggers Free Spins. 60x current bet triggers Link&Win 4Tune™. 140x current bet triggers Enhanced Link&Win 4Tune™. The feature is played at the current bet. This feature is not available above a certain bet threshold. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Translation of Game Terms GRAND, Grand Jackpot - Grand jackpot. MAJOR, Major Jackpot - Major jackpot. MINI, Mini Jackpot - Mini jackpot. MINOR, Minor Jackpot - Minor jackpot. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. This feature is available in base game only. Autoplay Settings Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. Bet Settings Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Bet Amount: Sets the current bet value. Game Controls Balance: Displays the current balances. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Menu button: Displays a menu of general system and game options. Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Pressing the Spin button during the current spin stops the reels quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Continue button: Advances to the next screen. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Pressing the Spin button during AutoPlay ends the current Autoplay session. Home button: Exits the game. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Last modification date: 11/14/2023