Cosmic Moon About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. Payline Rules This game includes 25 fixed paylines. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Payout Rules Wins are multiplied by the base bet. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the number of paylines played. Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Wild Symbols Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Link ™ symbols and Scatter symbols. Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. Win Booster™ Win Booster™ adds additional Link ™ symbols to the base reels, increasing the chance of triggering the Link ™ feature. Win Booster™ can be activated or deactivated in the base game. Activating the Win Booster™ multiplies the total bet by 2.5x. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Link ™ This feature is triggered when 6 to 14 Link ™ symbols land on reels. This feature can be triggered in both the base game and Free Spins. All triggering Link ™ symbols are locked on the reels during the feature. Respins have special reels with Link ™ symbols and blank positions only. This feature begins with 3 respins. Each unlocked position spins individually. All Link ™ symbols that land are locked on reels during the feature. Each time at least 1 Link ™ symbol lands, the number of respins resets to 3. Each Link ™ symbol reveals a cash prize or a Bonus Prize. The Mini, Minor, and Major Bonus Prizes are awarded for each Link ™ symbol they appear on. Filling the board with 15 Link ™ symbols awards the Mega Bonus Prize. The Mega Bonus Prize is added to the sum of the prizes awarded on the individual Link ™ symbols. This feature ends when there are no respins left or when the board is filled with Link ™ symbols. Link ™ symbols cannot be substituted by the Wild symbols. Free Spins Free Spins symbols are Scatter symbols. This symbol appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. Landing 3 Scatter symbols awards with 10 Free Spins. 3 Scatter symbols award 1x the bet. During the feature, reels 2, 3, and 4 create a 3 x 3 Jumbo Block. The Link ™ Jumbo Block acts as 9 individual symbols. Landing a Scatter symbol Jumbo Block awards 10 additional Free Spins and 1x total bet. Win Booster™ state stays the same as the spin that triggered Free Spins and cannot be changed during the feature. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. This feature is available in base game only. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. When all Autoplay rounds are played, 3 options are presented: "START" starts the same number of Autoplay rounds with the same settings, "MORE" opens the Autoplay settings, "X" closes the feature. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Bet Settings Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Any Quick Bet selected when Win Booster™ is active includes the Win Booster™ multiplier. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Help button: Displays help and additional information. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Balance: Displays the current balances. Spacebar: Pressing this keyboard button starts or stops a spin. This does not influence the result of the spin. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Game Menu Home button: Exits the game. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Banking button: Displays the banking page. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Menu button: Toggles the game menu. Game Settings Push spacebar to spin: enables or disables this option. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Translation of Game Terms Big Win = Big Win Super Win = Super Win Mega Win = Mega Win MINI = Mini MINOR = Minor MAJOR = Major MEGA = Mega Free Spins = Free Spins Wild = Wild Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the default reel positions are displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the default reel positions are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Depending on the game you are playing, the RTP value may be defined as a single value or defined by the different stages or modes of the game. Values are calculated initially by dividing the total payouts by the total bets from a simulation of numerous game rounds. Values reflect the maximum expected return and do not change. RTP: 94.08%. RTP with Win Booster™ enabled: 94.35%. Last modification date: 2/21/2024