Break da Bank Again Megaways Break da Bank Again is a five reel, nine payline, and ninety coin slot machine, including: Regular symbols Wild, multiplier symbol Scatter symbol Free Spins bonus game Gamble feature This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Game Rules General Your bet is dependent on the number of paylines, the number of coins per payline and coin size played. All payout tables display the number of coins or credits that are won for each combination. All payout table win amounts in PlayCheck are displayed in coins. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size bet. Only one regular winning combination is paid out per payline and you are paid out the value of the highest win. Only one scatter winning combination is paid out per spin and you are paid out the value of the highest win. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. If you have a winning combination, the win is highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. Regular symbols Matching symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, starting from the first slot reel. Regular payouts depend on your bet per payline. Wild, multiplier symbol This symbol does not substitute for the scatter symbol. This symbol creates its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear in a line on an enabled payline. You win the same value as thehighest paying symbol. During the regular game, this symbol multiplies the payout of any combination it completes as a wild symbol by 5. During the free spins, this symbol multiplies the payout of any combination it completes as a wild symbol by 25. Scatter symbol This symbol does not need to appear on an enabled payline to win. This symbol cannot be substituted by the wild, multiplier symbol. Scatter wins are displayed as a multiplier value on the paytable. Scatter payouts depend on your total bet. Free Spins bonus game The last bet you placed in the game is used as the free spins bet amount. There are no payouts for any scatter winning combinations during the free spins. For each scatter symbol displayed on the reels, you are awarded an additional free spin. Free spins cannot be re-activated. Winnings are automatically collected during this feature. Gamble feature This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Any win activates the Gamble feature.This feature is not available if your win exceeds the gamble activation limit. You can choose to play the feature or you can skip it. If you select the correct card colour your win is doubled. If you select the correct card suit your win is quadrupled. You can play your winnings until the gamble limit is reached. The gamble limit is set at an amount limit or five gambles per game. Winnings are automatically collected during this feature. Game Controls Item Description Balance box Displays your casino balances. You can choose to view all bets, payouts and balances in coins, credits or both. All your bets, payouts and balances are displayed according to the option you select. Depending on your game: • Click Coins to convert to credits. • Click Credits to convert to coins. Or: • Click Options to select to play in coins, credits or both. • Click Summary to view a summary of your casino balances. Bet box Display total be Depend • s your total bet amount per spin. You can change your t amount. ing on your game: Click Bet and select the total number of coins or credits you want to bet per spin. Or: • Click (+) or (-) to select the total amount you want to bet. • Click Coin Size (+) or (-) to select the coin size you want to bet. • Click Coins (+) or (-) to select the number of coins you want to bet. • Click Max Bet to bet the maximum bet permitted. Depending on your game, this can convert the coin size and the number of coins to the maximum bet permitted. Win box Displays your most recent win amount. Spin button Starts the game. Stop button Displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. button Displays the game settings. Bet size Your bet is dependent on the number of paylines, the number of coins per payline and coin size played. Item Description Click Coin Size and select a coin size. Click Coins Per Line and select the number of coins. Quick spin Quick spin increases the reel spin speed to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Click On to disable quick spin. Click Off to enable quick spin. Sounds Click On to turn sounds off. Click Off to turn sounds on. ≡ button Displays the game settings and game payout table. Settings Coins or Credits You can change your balance, bet and win amounts to display in coins or credits. Click Coins to convert to coins. Click Credits to convert to credits. Bet size Your bet is dependent on the number of paylines, the number of coins per payline and coin size played. Click Coin Size and select a coin size. Click Coins Per Line and select the number of coins. Show balance Click On to hide the Balance box. Click Off to show the Balance box. Quick spin Quick spin increases the reel spin speed to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Click On to disable quick spin. Click Off to enable quick spin. Sounds Click On to turn sounds off. Click Off to turn sounds on. Paytable Displays the game payout tables. Click the next and previous buttons to browse the Item Description payout tables. Menu button Displays a menu of general system and game options. You can also change your game options or view your current game play statistics. button or Pays button Displays the game payout tables. Click the next and previous buttons to browse the payout tables. AutoPlay button Displays the AutoPlay options where you can select to spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game. Click AutoPlay and select the number of spins you want to play and the stop options. X button Closes the game. Each game has different options and AutoPlay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed, and does not change. This game has an RTP of 94.18%. Last modification date: 9/1/2021