Fishing Deeper Floats of Cash About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the number of coins multiplied by the coin size. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the bet multiplier played. Payline Rules This game includes 25 paylines. The number of paylines played is fixed. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Payline wins are awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payout Rules Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. Winning combination payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The total payout is the sum of all winning combination wins resulting from a spin. Disclaimer: The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Wild Symbols Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Free Spins Scatter symbols, Prize symbols, Wheel Bonus symbols and Trigger symbols. Wild symbols do not appear on reel 1. This symbol does not have a payout. Wild symbols appear in the base game and Free Spins. Express Collect™ Land Express Collect™ Prize symbols on reels 1 - 4 and a Trigger symbol on reel 5 to trigger the Express Collect™ feature. The feature awards the displayed prize values. Prize values can be credit values or the Major and Mini prizes. Wheel Bonus Land a Wheel Bonus symbol on reel 1 and a Trigger symbol on reel 5 to trigger the Wheel Bonus. The wheel will spin once and award a single wedge containing a prize. 7 prizes are available. Prizes can be the Mega, Major, or Mini prizes, Link&Win™ feature, or a Multiplier. Multipliers are applied to the base game win which triggered the wheel, including any Major and Mini prizes. This feature can trigger in base game only. Link&Win™ The Link&Win™ feature awards cash prizes. The Link&Win™ feature can be triggered in the Wheel Bonus. Link&Win™ symbols can be credit values or the Major and Mini prizes. Wheel Bonus symbol and Trigger symbol reveal Link&Win™ symbols at the end of the feature. The feature begins with 3 spins. The Wheel Bonus symbol, the Trigger symbol and all Link&Win™ symbols are held on the reels. Each position that is not held spins individually. All additional Link&Win™ symbols that land are held on the reels and spins are reset to 3. The feature ends when no spins remain or when 15 Link&Win™ symbols are held on the reels. 15 Link&Win™ symbols award the Mega prize. The Mega prize is added to the sum of the prizes awarded on the Wheel Bonus symbol, Trigger symbol and Link&Win™ symbols. Free Spins Land 3 Free Spins Scatter symbols on reels 2, 3, and 4 to trigger 10 Free Spins. Free Spins Scatter symbols are Scatter symbols. Free Spins Scatter symbol appears in both base game and Free Spins. Free Spins Scatter symbols do not have a payout. Free Spins can be retriggered. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. All lines played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Free Spins are played on a different reel set from the base game. Free Spins feature trail is active. Free Spins can be retriggered and will be played at current multiplier for ExpressCollect™ wins. If Free Spins and Wheel Bonus are triggered simultaneously, Free Spins are played after Wheel Bonus completes. Free Spins Feature Trail Trigger Symbol Each trigger symbol landing on reel 5 moves one position along the Feature Trail. The Feature Trail starts from the left and moves to the right. Up to 3 trigger symbols can land on one spin. When an upgrade position is reached on the Feature Trail the remaining Free Spin count is increased by 5 and the new multiplier will apply for future ExpressCollect™ wins. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Play button: Continues the game. Fast Play button: toggles Fast Play on and off. Fast Play Active Indicator: Indicates when Fast Play is active. Bet button: Opens the Bet dialog. Bet Up button: Increases the current bet up to the next highest available bet. Bet Down button: Decreases the current bet down to the next lowest available bet. Max Bet button: Sets the current bet to the maximum value. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay start button: Starts Autoplay session. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Game Menu button: Displays the game settings and game payout table. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Sounds button: Toggle sounds on or off. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Help button: Displays help and additional information. Game Menu System Menu button: Displays additional system options. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Return button: Returns to the game. Bet Settings Coin Size: Sets the coin value. Number of Coins: Sets the number of coins. Autoplay The Autoplay start button starts the Autoplay session based on your selected options. Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. If any condition is met to stop the session, all AutoPlay settings return to default. If you are disconnected, AutoPlay will stop. All AutoPlay settings return to default when the game is reloaded. Game Settings Intro Screen button: Toggle to turn the game Intro Screen on or off. Fast Play button: Toggle to turn Fast Play on or off to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Mute All Sounds button: Toggle to mute all game sounds. Background Music button: Toggle to turn background music on or off. Sound Effects button: Toggle to turn game sound effects on or off. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Values are calculated initially by dividing the total possible payouts by the total possible outcomes that are available within the game. Values reflect the average expected return and do not change. RTP: 94.05%. Product Information Helpfile versions: Content 1.1.0 | App 1.2.2 © 2022. All rights reserved. Page generated: 2023-05-03 Last modification date: 4/10/2024