Getaway Gangsters About this Game This is a 5 reel 4 row video slot game. This game has 30 lines. It features Multiplier Wilds, Sticky Wilds, Free Spins with Extra Spins, and Buy Free Spins. General Win on a line pays if the same symbol appears in succession on adjacent reels, from the leftmost to the rightmost position according to the PAYTABLE. Only the highest win per line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different lines are added. Multiple wins can be awarded per spin. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Wild Symbols Multiplier Wild symbols appear anywhere on reels 2, 3, and 4 in base game and Free Spins. Multiplier Wild symbols can have a Multiplier of x1, x2 or x3. Multiplier Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except Free Spins symbols. Multiplier Wild symbols substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a line according to the Paytable. Wins on a line containing a Multiplier Wild symbol are multiplied by that Multiplier. Wins on a line containing more than one Multiplier Wild symbol are multiplied by the product of the Multipliers. Free Spins Free Spins symbols appear anywhere on reels 1, 3, and 5 in the base game and anywhere on reels 1 and 5 in Free Spins. Land 3 Free Spins symbols in base game to trigger 8 Free Spins. Every landed Free Spins symbol in the Free Spins feature awards +1 Free Spin. All Multiplier Wild symbols turn into Sticky Wild symbols upon landing and stay on the reels until the end of the Free Spins feature. All bets and lines played are the same as the spin that triggered the feature. Buy Free Spins In the Buy Free Spins feature, guaranteed Free Spins can be purchased at a multiple of the current bet. 8 Free Spins can be purchased for 100x the current bet. When choosing the Buy Free Spins feature, the Free Spins symbols are placed on reels 1, 3, and 5. When choosing the Buy Free Spins feature, Sticky Wild symbols have a guaranteed Multiplier of x2 or x3. The Buy Free Spins feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Buy Free Spins feature can only be used at any time a bet change can take place. Game Terms Translations The following list is only applicable in a language other than English FREE SPIN / FREE SPINS - FREE SPIN / FREE SPINS 30 LINES - 30 LINES WILD / WILDS - WILD / WILDS MULTIPLIER / MULTIPLIERS - MULTIPLIER / MULTIPLIERS STICKY - STICKY EXTRA SPINS - EXTRA SPINS WIN OVER 5000X - WIN OVER 5000X STICKY WILDS IN FREE SPINS - STICKY WILDS IN FREE SPINS ALL WILDS ARE STICKY - ALL WILDS ARE STICKY BUY - BUY BUY FREE SPINS - BUY FREE SPINS BIG WIN - BIG WIN MEGA WIN - MEGA WIN EPIC WIN - EPIC WIN JUST FOR THE WIN - JUST FOR THE WIN Game Controls Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Spin button: Start the game with the current bet size as displayed in the bet field. Pressing anywhere on the reels or the Spin button during a spin displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button: Select a number of spins to auto play by selecting a value. Start and stop the Autoplay by pressing the spin button. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Balance field: Displays the current account balance. Bet field: Displays the current bet size. Total and Win field: Displays the pay in a winning round. Game Menu Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Sound button: Turn sound on or off. Autoplay button: Select a number of spins to auto play by selecting a value. Start and stop the Autoplay by pressing the spin button. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Banking button: Navigate to the Banking pages. Lobby button: Navigate back to the lobby. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Values are calculated initially by piding the total payouts by the total bets from a simulation of numerous game rounds. Values reflect the maximum expected return and do not change. RTP: 94.10%. RTP with Buy Free Spins: 94.10%. Last modification date: 6/19/2024