25000 Talons About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations . l Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. l This game includes 10 paylines. Fire Spin Feature lThis feature is randomly activated during the base game. l A random High or Wild symbol expands to create a symbol stack on reels 1 and 2. l Giant 3x3 sized High, Wild and Bonus Wheel symbols spin over reels 3, 4 and 5. l The giant symbols spin to create possible winning combinations. l Landing a full giant Bonus Wheel symbol triggers the Wheel Bonus Game. lThis feature cannot be retriggered. l The last bet you placed in the game is used as the feature bet amount. l Winnings are automatically collected during this feature. Wheel Bonus Game lThis game is activated when a full Bonus Wheel activation symbol is displayed during the Fire Spin feature. l You can win one of four guaranteed prizes. lThis game consists of a wheel pided into coloured segments. Each segment is associated with a different prize. l Depending on where the wheel stops, you can win one of the following prizes: l The Mega prize awards a 25 000x multiplier value. l The Major prize awards a 1000x multiplier value. l The Minor prize awards a 75x multiplier value. l The Mini prize awards a 20x multiplier value. l The multiplier value is multiplied by your current base game bet. l The last bet you placed in the game is used as the feature bet amount. l Winnings are automatically collected during this feature. Free Spins l Free spins trigger when 3 or more Scatter symbols appear on the reels. l Before Free Spins begins a choice of starting Fire Trail animal must be made. l When triggering Free Spins with 3 Scatters choose to start the Fire Trail with: l Cougar - The Cougar symbol is activated and 8 Free Spins are awarded. l Bison - The Bison symbol is activated and 6 Free Spins are awarded. l Bear - The Bear symbol is activated and 4 Free Spins are awarded. l When triggering Free Spins with 4 Scatters choose to start the Fire Trail with: l Cougar - The Cougar symbol is activated and 10 Free Spins are awarded. l Bison - The Bison symbol is activated and 8 Free Spins are awarded. l Bear - The Bear symbol is activated and 6 Free Spins are awarded. l When triggering Free Spins with 5 Scatters choose to start the Fire Trail with: l Cougar - The Cougar symbol is activated and 12 Free Spins are awarded. l Bison - The Bison symbol is activated and 10 Free Spins are awarded. l Bear - The Bear symbol is activated and 8 Free Spins are awarded. l The active symbol on the Fire Trail creates a stack of matching symbols on reels 1 and 2. l The symbols stacked on reels 1 and 2 are held until the next Fire Trail symbol is activated. l High, wild and Level Up symbols transform to create giant symbols across reels 3, 4 and 5. l The giant symbols spin to create possible winning combinations. l Landing a full Level Up symbol will activate the next highest symbol on the Fire Trail and award an additional 4 Free Spins. l Wild is the final symbol on the Fire Trail. Once activated, landing the Level Up symbol will only award an additional 4 Free Spins for the remainder of the feature. l Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. All lines played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. l All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. l Free Spins play out automatically. l Free Spins cannot be retriggered. Bet Rules l Each spin played costs a total bet amount. l The initial bet is the current total bet pided by the number of paylines played. l The total bet is based on the initial bet placed on each payline played. l The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the paylines played. Payline Rules l This game includes 10 paylines. l A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. l A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. l Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. l The number of paylines played is fixed. Payout Rules l Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. l The total payout is the sum of all payline wins and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. l Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. l The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. l The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. l If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. l The total payout is the sum of all payline wins resulting from a spin. Wild Symbols l Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. l Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Scatters. l Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. Scatter Symbols l Scatters can create their own winning combination when landing anywhere on the reels. l Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. l This symbol appears in base game only. Bonus Wheel Symbols l This symbol appears in Fire Spin only. l This symbol does not have a payout. Level Up Symbols l This symbol appears in Free Spins only. l This symbol does not have a payout. Bet Settings lQuick Bet: Displays a range of quick betting options to select your total bet amount. l Advanced: (+) or (-) Selects the total amount you want to bet. lMax Bet: Available in both Quick Bet and Advanced modes, places the maximum bet permitted. l Bet options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. Game Controls l Spin button: Starts a reel spin. l Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. l Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. l Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. l Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. l Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. l Bet: Displays the current total bet. l Balance: Displays the current balances. l Menu button: Displays additional game options. Game Menu l Close button: Closes the game menu. l Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. l Settings button: Displays the game settings. l Menu button: Displays additional game options. l Banking button: Displays the banking page. l Help button: Displays help and additional information. l Home button: Exits the game. Game Settings l Sounds: Enables game sounds. l Quickspin: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Additional Information l Some settings and features may not be available in this game. l Malfunction voids all pays and plays. l In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. l The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. l The results of the last game played are displayed. l If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. l Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. l Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. Return to Player l The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. l This value is fixed and does not change. l This game has an RTP of 94.03%. Last modification date: 4/5/2022