Ticket to Riches About this Game ´üČ This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. ´üČ The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. ´üČ Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. ´üČ Way wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Bet Rules ´üČ Each spin played costs a total bet amount. Way Rules ´üČ A way is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs across the reels. ´üČ A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other in this pattern. ´üČ Way wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. ´üČ This game includes up to 243 ways. Symbol Rules ´üČ High symbols can appear stacked in the base game and Free Spins. Collect Symbol ´üČ Collect symbols appear on reels 1, 2, 4 and 5. ´üČ Land a Collect symbol on reels 1 or 2 to trigger the Last Call bonus. ´üČ Land a Collect symbol on reels 4 or 5 to trigger the Free Spins bonus. ´üČ The Collect symbol is active in the base game. ´üČ This symbol does not have a payout. Ticket symbol ´üČ Ticket symbols can appear 1x1 as a single symbol. ´üČ Ticket symbols can also appear 2x1 as a stacked symbol. ´üČ The Ticket symbol acts as a token. ´üČ A 1x1 Ticket symbol adds 1 token to a Bonus Meter. ´üČ A 2x1 Ticket symbol adds 2 tokens to a Bonus Meter. ´üČ Collected tokens are saved per bet. ´üČ The Ticket symbol is available in the base game. ´üČ This symbol does not have a payout. Bonus Meters ´üČ Bonus Meters are available in the base game. ´üČ Ticket symbols that land on reels 1 or 2 collects into the Last Call Bonus Meter. ´üČ Ticket symbols that land on reel 3 collects into the Free Spins multiplier Bonus Meter. ´üČ Ticket symbols that land on reels 4 or 5 collects into the Free Spins Bonus Meter. Last Call Bonus ´üČ Land a Collect symbol on reels 1 or 2 to trigger the Last Call bonus. ´üČ The tokens collected in the Last Call Bonus Meter is awarded as the number of picks. ´üČ The departure board displays random destinations with bet multipliers. ´üČ Pick a boarding pass to reveal a destination, extra picks or a Grand pass. ´üČ Up to 5 extra picks can be awarded. ´üČ Up to a x200 destination multiplier can be awarded. ´üČ Destination multipliers award multiples of the current bet. ´üČ Grand passes adds into the Grand Meter. ´üČ Picking 3 Grand passes awards the Grand prize. ´üČ The Grand Meter resets at the end of the feature. ´üČ The feature ends when there are no picks left. ´üČ The Last Call Bonus Meter resets at the end of the feature. Free Spins ´üČ Land a Collect symbol on reels 4 or 5 to trigger the Free Spins bonus. ´üČ The tokens collected in the Free Spins Bonus Meter is awarded as the number of Free Spins. ´üČ The tokens collected in the Free Spins multiplier Bonus Meter is awarded as the multiplier. ´üČ The multiplier awarded lasts for the duration of Free Spins and applies to every win. ´üČ Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. ´üČ All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. ´üČ All ways played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. ´üČ Free Spins play out automatically. ´üČ The Free Spins and Free Spins multiplier Bonus Meters reset at the end of the feature. Autoplay ´üČ This feature is available in base game only. ´üČ Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. ´üČ Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. ´üČ Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. ´üČ Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. ´üČ The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. ´üČ Spins are played at the current selected bet. ´üČ Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Game Controls ´üČ Spin button: Starts a reel spin. ´üČ Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. ´üČ Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. ´üČ Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. ´üČ Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. ´üČ Menu button: Displays additional game options. ´üČ Sounds: Enables game sounds. ´üČ Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. ´üČ Bet: Displays the current total bet. ´üČ Plus button: Increases the bet value. ´üČ Minus button: Decreases the bet value. ´üČ Total Win: Displays the most recent total win. ´üČ Balance: Displays the current balances. ´üČ Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Game Menu ´üČ Game Rules button: Displays payout tables and game rules. ´üČ Banking button: Displays the banking page. ´üČ Home button: Exits the game. ´üČ Close button: Closes the game menu. Additional Information ´üČ In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. ´üČ The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. ´üČ The results of the last game played are displayed. ´üČ If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. ´üČ Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. ´üČ Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. ´üČ The win over value is achieved from the cumulative winnings of an entire Free Spins session. ´üČ Some settings and features may not be available in this game. ´üČ Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Return to Player ´üČ The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. ´üČ Values are calculated initially by piding the total payouts by the total bets from a simulation of numerous game rounds. ´üČ Values reflect the maximum expected return and do not change. ´üČ Overall RTP: 94.10%. ´üČ The probability of triggering certain game events may change during gameplay depending on the current game state or progress. Last modification date: 6/9/2023