Quick Cash About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. This game includes 10 fixed paylines. This game features Cash symbols that can be awarded in the base game and during the Respin Feature. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Payout Rules If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins and Cash symbol wins resulting from a spin. Payline Rules A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. This game includes 10 fixed paylines. Bet Rules Each spin played costs the bet amount. The total bet is based on the initial bet, multiplied by the number of the paylines played. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the number of paylines played. The initial bet is also known as the bet per payline. Wild Symbols This symbol creates its own winning combination. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Cash symbols. Cash Symbols Land Cash symbols, starting on reels 1 and 2, to trigger the feature. Cash symbols award Mega, Major, Minor, Mini, or cash values. Mega, Major, Minor, and Mini only appear on reels 4 and 5. Cash values appear on all reels. Higher cash values appear on reels 4 and 5. All Cash symbols pay left to right on adjacent reels. Cash symbol wins are added to payline wins. Respin Feature 3 stacked Cash symbols on reel 1 triggers the Respin Feature. 3 respins are awarded. All Cash symbols are held on the reels. All wins are awarded at the end of the feature. The feature ends when all positions are filled, or no respins remain. Respin Feature cannot be retriggered. All lines played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Game Controls Credits: Displays the current balances. Bet: Sets the current bet value. Win: Displays the most recent win. Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Spins are played at the current selected bet. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Selecting the game screen can stop the spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Hold to Turbo Spin: Hold the spin button to enable Turbo Spin. Turbo Spin ends when the spin button is lifted. This does not influence the results of the spin. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Home button: Exits the game. Help button: Displays help and additional information. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Spins are played at the current selected bet. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. This feature is available in base game only. Game Settings Quickspin: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Music: Enables game music. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Startup Screen button: Enables game advertisement on game load. Left-Handed Mode button: Enables left-handed mode. Bet Settings Bet Value buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Max Bet button: Sets the current bet to the maximum value. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Values are calculated initially by dividing the total possible payouts by the total possible outcomes that are available within the game. Values reflect the maximum expected return and do not change. Overall RTP: 94.22%. The probability of triggering certain game events may change during gameplay depending on the current game state or progress. Last modification date: 12/19/2022