Dog Days About this Game This is a 5 column, 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Payline Rules A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. This game includes 20 fixed paylines. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. Payout Rules Wins are multiplied by the base bet (excluding the Bonus Bet cost). Win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The total payout is the sum of all wins resulting from a spin. The total payout is awarded at the round end. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Wild Symbols Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Free Spins, Bonus, Paw and Tasty Treat symbols. Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. Paw Collections Each reel in the game has an associated Paw collection. When the Paw Collection is active on a reel, landing a Paw symbol on that reel adds it to the collection. Collecting 5 Paw symbols triggers the Tasty Treat collection for the reel. The progress of each Paw Collection is maintained between spins. All Paw Collections are saved separately for each bet type and size. Paw Collections are restored when returning to a bet size or type. When the game is started for the first time, a starting booster is added to the Paw Collections. Paw Collections on reels 1, 2 and 3 receive 2 Paw symbols. Paw Collections on reels 4 and 5 receive 1 Paw symbol. Tasty Treat Collections When the Tasty Treat Collection is active on a reel, landing a Tasty Treat symbol on that reel adds 1 point to the collection. When a Tasty Treat doesn't land on a reel where the Tasty Treat collection is active, 1 chance is lost in that reel collection. Each Tasty Treat Collection starts with 0 Tasty Treats collected and the maximum number of chances. When a Tasty Treat symbol lands on a reel where the Tasty Treat collection is active, it resets the number of chances to maximum value. The progress of each Tasty Treat Collection is maintained between spins. If the maximum of 10 Tasty Treats is collected on the reel, the collection pays out according to the Tasty Treat Collection paytable in the Paytable section. If no Tasty Treat lands when the last chance is lost, the collection pays out according to the Tasty Treat Collection paytable in the Paytable section. The Bonus Bet settings of Bronze, Silver or Gold determine the maximum number of chances in the Tasty Treat Collection. Bronze Bet - 3 chances. Silver Bet - 4 chances. Golden Bet - 5 chances. All Tasty Treat Collections are saved separately for each bet type and size. Tasty Treat Collections are restored when returning to a bet size or type. Following the Tasty Treat Collection payout, the Tasty Treat Collection ends and the empty Paw Collection becomes active for that reel. Free Spins 3, 4 or 5 Free Spins symbols anywhere on the reels trigger this feature. 5 Free Spins triggers 20 Free Spins. 4 Free Spins triggers 14 Free Spins. 3 Free Spins triggers 10 Free Spins. All line wins and the Bonus Game cash wins are multiplied by x3. 5 Free Spins symbols anywhere on the reels award 10 additional Free Spins. 4 Free Spins symbols anywhere on the reels award 7 additional Free Spins. 3 Free Spins symbols anywhere on the reels award 5 additional Free Spins. 2 Free Spins symbols anywhere on the reels award 3 additional Free Spins. All Tasty Treat Collections are active from the beginning and start at 0. Maximum chances are not active. All collected Tasty Treats pay out at the end of this feature. Tasty Treat Collections in Free Spins do not contribute to Tasty Treat Collections in the base game. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. All lines played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Bonus Game This feature can trigger in the base game and Free Spins. Landing 3 or more Bonus symbols in the base game triggers the Bonus Game. Landing 2 or more Bonus symbols in Free Spins triggers the Bonus Game. Open landed Bonus symbols to reveal an instant cash win, a Paw symbol or a Tasty Treat symbol. Instant cash wins are: 40x, 10x, 4x, 3x or 2x the base bet. Bonus symbols can award a Tasty Treat or Paw symbol depending on the collection active on the reel on which the Bonus symbol landed. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins or Free Spins wins, depending in which mode it was triggered. Bonus Bet Bonus Bet can be enabled and disabled any time between the bets in the base game. There are three types of bet in the game. Bronze Bet is the base bet and does not have an additional cost. Bronze Bet sets the maximum number of chances for the Tasty Treat Collections to 3. Silver Bet increases the maximum number of chances in Tasty Treat Collections to 4. Silver Bet also increases the amount of Wild, Bonus and Free Spins symbols on the reels in the base game. Every spin with the Silver Bet enabled costs 50% more than the base bet. Golden Bet increases the maximum number of chances in Tasty Treat Collections to 5. Golden Bet increases the amount of Wild, Bonus and Free Spins symbols on the reels in the base game more than the Silver Bet. Every spin with the Golden Bet enabled costs 100% more than the base bet. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. When all autoplay rounds are played, a popup with 3 options in presented: "START" starts the same number of autoplay rounds with the same settings, "MORE" opens the autoplay settings, "X" closes the popup. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Bet Settings Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Help button: Displays help and additional information. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Bonus Bet button: displays available Bonus Bet options with option to enable the chosen bet type. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Total Win: Displays the most recent win. Balance: Displays the current balances. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Game Menu Home button: Exits the game. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Banking button: Displays the banking page. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Menu button: Closes the game menu. Game Settings Push spacebar to spin: enables or disables this option. High quality (60 fps): Enables high quality 60 frames per second gameplay. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Translation of Game Terms Big Win = Big Win Mega Win = Mega Win Super Win = Super Win Wild = Wild Free Spins = Free Spins Bonus = Bonus Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. This feature is only available in selected games. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Values are calculated initially by dividing the total payouts by the total bets from a simulation of numerous game rounds. Values reflect the maximum expected return and do not change. RTP: 94.00%. Bronze Bet enabled: 94.00%. Silver Bet enabled: 94.00%. Golden Bet enabled: 94.00%. Last modification date: 9/1/2023