Akiva: Claws of Power About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Payline Rules This game includes 25 paylines. The number of paylines played is fixed. Line wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right only on adjacent reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the payline cost of 10. Payout Rules Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The total payout is the sum of all way wins and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. If multiple winning combinations land on a single way, only the highest win is awarded. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. Wild Symbol Wilds can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wilds can substitute for all symbols except Scatters and Coin symbols. Scatter Symbols 3 Scatters pay in any position. Scatter wins are added to playline wins. Scatters appear on reels 1, 3 and 5. Link&Win™ Land 6 or more Coin symbols to trigger the Link&Win™ feature. The feature can trigger in base game and Free Spins. The feature begins with 3 free respins. Only Coin symbols and blank reel symbol spaces appear on the reels. All Coin symbols are held on the reels. Any additional Coin symbols that land are held, and respins reset to 3. Each Coin symbol awards a cash, Mini or Mega jackpot prizes. The cash awards are 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, 10x, 12x, 15x, 16x, 18x, 20x, 30x, 100x total bet. The Mini jackpot awards a 30x total bet. The Mega jackpot awards a 100x total bet. The Grand jackpot awards a 1000x total bet. 15 Coin symbols award the Grand jackpot, in addition to other prizes! All prizes are awarded at the end of the feature. The feature ends when no respins remain or when all 15 symbol positions are filled. Akiva Sandstorm Akiva Sandstorm can trigger on any spin. Akiva can change some symbols to create winning combinations. Claws of Power Claws of Power can trigger on any spin. Claws can randomly shuffle the reels to create winning combinations. Free Spins 3 Scatters trigger 5 Free Spins. Reels 2, 3 and 4 are merged into a single reel with big symbols. Big symbols count as 9 symbols. Big Scatter symbols count as 1 symbol. Free Spins can be retriggered. Land 3 Scatters for 3 extra spins. All bets and lines played are the same as the spin that triggered the feature. Autoplay This feature is available in base game only. Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Balance: Displays the current balances. Game Menu Settings button: Displays the game settings. Audio button: Toggles the game audio. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Translation of Game Terms The translated terms are only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. Akiva: Claws of Power - The game name Akiva - The game character name Big Win - Big Win Mega Win - Mega Win Epic Win - Epic Win Mini - Mini (prize) Mega - Mega (prize) Grand - Grand (prize) Link&Win™ - The trademarked feature name Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Values are calculated initially by dividing the total payouts by the total bets from a simulation of numerous game rounds. Values reflect the maximum expected return and do not change. Last modification date: 3/5/2024