House of Spins About this Game This is a 5 reel 4 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Payline Rules This game includes 40 paylines. The number of paylines played is fixed. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. Line wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right only on adjacent reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the current total bet pided by the payline cost of 10. Payout Rules Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins resulting from a spin. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. Collect Feature When a Collect symbol lands on reel 5, the total value of all the House Chips on the reels is awarded. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. This feature can be triggered in the base game. House Chips Land a House Chip for a chance to increase your win! House Chips appear on reels 1 - 4. Prestige House Chips award 1x - 5x bet. Elite House Chips award 6x - 15x bet. Royal House Chips award 20x - 50x bet. Collect Symbol A Collect symbol has a multiplier of 1x - 5x. The multiplier is applied to the total value of all House Chips on reels. Bonus Games Each House Chip is piled in the royal cups of a relevant colour. Every time a House Chip is collected, there is a chance for the Bonus Game to be triggered. There are 3 bonus games: Elite, Prestige and Royal. Prestige Entry Rush bonus game is played with Prestige House Chips. Elite Odds Rush bonus game is played with Elite House Chips. Royal Spins Rush bonus game is played with Royal House Chips. Bonus Game Symbols Bonus symbols are Prestige House Chips, Elite House Chips, Royal House Chips, Star Multiplier, Ruby Extra Spin and Mystery Box symbols. Star Multiplier symbols include a 1x - 5x multiplier. This value is added to the current multiplier of the bonus game. The bonus game starts with a 1x multiplier. The bonus game multiplier is applied to the total value of House Chips. Star Multiplier symbols are removed from the following bonus spin. Ruby Extra Spin symbol increases the reset value of the spins by 1. Ruby Extra Spin symbols are removed from the following bonus spin. The Mystery Box symbol reveals Star Multiplier, Ruby Extra Spin and House Chips symbols. Jackpots: Mini, Major, Grand The Mini Jackpot is awarded when 10 House Chips land on the reels in any bonus game. The Mini Jackpot award is 10x bet. The Major Jackpot is awarded when 15 House Chips land on the reels in any bonus game. The Major Jackpot award is 50x bet. The Grand Jackpot is awarded when 20 House Chips land on the reels in any bonus game. The Grand Jackpot award is 20 000x bet. Only the highest reached Jackpot is awarded during the bonus game. The Bonus Multiplier does not apply to Jackpot awards. The Jackpot awards are added to the total bonus award. The Boost feature does not affect the Jackpot awards. Jackpot values scale with bet changes. Boost Activating the Boost increases win potential. The base game includes more House Chips, with Prestige, Elite and Royal patterns appearing more frequently. The chances of triggering Bonus Games are increased. The total bet is increased by 50%. This feature does not affect payouts. This feature can be activated in the base game. Wild Symbols Wilds can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wilds can substitute for all symbols except House Chips and Collect symbols. Autoplay This feature is available in base game only. Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Game Settings Audio: Enables the game audio. Show Video Intro: Displays the video intro on game launch. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information In-game video is used for promotional purposes only. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Translation of Game Terms The translated terms are only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. Big Win - Big Win Bonus - Bonus Boost - Boost (mode) Collect - Collect (symbol label) Elite House Chips - Elite House Chips Elite Odds Rush - Elite Odds Rush (Bonus game) Epic Win - Epic Win Extra Spin - Extra Spin Grand - Grand (prize) House Chips - House Chips Major - Major (prize) Mega Win - Mega Win Mini - Mini (prize) Prestige Entry Rush - Prestige Entry Rush (Bonus game) Royal Spins Rush - Royal Spins Rush (Bonus game) Prestige House Chips - Prestige House Chips Royal House Chips - Royal House Chips Win Up To - Win up to Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) 94.57% is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Values are calculated initially by piding the total payouts by the total bets from a simulation of numerous game rounds. Values reflect the average expected return and do not change. Last modification date: 9/26/2025