Tritons Fortune About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Payline Rules This game includes 20 paylines. The number of paylines played is fixed. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Payout Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins resulting from a spin. Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. Wild Symbol Wilds can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wilds can substitute for all symbols except Scatter symbols and Triton Symbols. Triton Symbol 6 or more Triton Symbols anywhere on the reels award the associated cash prize. Triton Symbol prizes are dependent on the total bet. Triton Symbol wins are added to payline wins. Triton Symbols can appear on all reels. Triton's Fortune The Triton's Fortune feature can randomly trigger on any spin. 9 to 15 Triton Symbols will be added to random positions on the reels. Scatter symbols will not appear during the feature. Free Spins 3 Scatters anywhere on the reels retrigger Free Spins. Scatters appear on reels 1, 3 and 5. The feature starts with a mini-game, including a Free Spins Wheel and Triton's Favour Wheel. The Free Spins Wheel can award 7, 10, 12 or 15 Free Spins. The Triton's Favour Wheel can award 1 - 5 favours. The Triton's Favour awarded reduces the amount of Triton Symbols required to win a prize. 3 Scatters anywhere on the reels trigger the Free Spins feature. The triggering number of spins will be awarded. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Autoplay This feature is available in base game only. Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Balance: Displays the current balances. Game Menu Menu button: Displays additional game options. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Audio button: Toggles the game audio. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Translation of Game Terms The translated terms are only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. Big Win - Big Win Mega Win - Mega Win Epic Win - Epic Win Free Spins - Free Spins Triton's Favour - Triton's Favour Win up to 2000X - Win up to 2000X Earn up to 5 Triton's Favours in Free Spins - Earn up to 5 Triton's Favours in Free Spins Triton's Fortune - Triton's Fortune Refresh Refresh displays the results of the last game played, when you return to that game. Refresh does the following if you are disconnected from the casino server or Internet: If you are disconnected before the results of the last game are displayed, then the amount you won or lost, your credit balance, and the final game state is displayed when you return to the game. If you are disconnected while a game is in progress, and you can still make decisions in the game, you are able to complete that game when you return to it. If the request to play a new game does not reach the casino server before you are disconnected, the results of the previous game is displayed when you return to the game. In live dealer games, if you are disconnected from the casino server or Internet, if your session ends, or if you shut down the casino software, the following occurs: If your bet request is received and accepted as per the normal betting rules, it is played out and your balance is automatically updated with a win or loss. If your bet request is not received or accepted as per the normal betting rules, your balance is not affected. In video poker games, if you have a winning hand and are disconnected from the casino server or Internet, if your session ends, or if you shut down the casino software before collecting your win or selecting to double, the following occurs: The casino automatically collects your win for you. When you open the game, you are returned to the main game screen. If you are a real account player, when you return to the game, your credit balance is updated and your original winning hand is displayed. If you are a guest account player, your credit balance is updated, but your original winning hand is not displayed. As the casino automatically collects your win for you, you cannot double on your winning hand. Refresh is not available for guest account users. Disclaimer The casino strives to ensure the full protection of all its clients and their bets. However, there are certain events that are beyond the casino's control. If, for any reason, you are disconnected from the casino server, the casino cannot be held liable for any losses that may result from this disconnection. The balance of your account is recorded on the casino server and is not affected by the disconnection in any way. If a line has been disconnected or become unresponsive, when you log on to the casino the balance of credits recorded on the casino server after the last bet was completed, is displayed. We regret the imposition of the above, but it is necessary to avoid further complications. All games are played strictly subject to the casino's terms and conditions. By playing at the casino , you agree to abide by these terms and conditions. Free games Free games offers award you a number of free game spins over a set time period. Each offer has a unique reference number. Each offer has an expiry date and time. If you do not play the offer before this date and time, it will no longer be available. You cannot change your coin size or the amount you have bet. Wins are added to your cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. You can only play one offer at a time. When an offer is complete, discarded or expired, the next offer is displayed. Playing free games: Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. You cannot change your coin size or the amount you have bet. Select Play Now to play the free games. Select Play Later to postpone the free games until you want to play. You must play the free games before the expiry date and time. If you choose to play later, the offer is presented again the next time you enter the game. Discarding free games: Select the Bin icon, then select Discard . If you discard a free games offer, this can only be reversed by contacting the casino support staff and quoting the unique reference number for that offer. Free games may not be available in the game you are playing. Contact us If you could not find the answers to your questions, please visit our website for additional information. Things to note about game features Each game has different functionality. Some of the features, settings, and gameplay options mentioned in this documentation may not be available in the game you are playing. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. The win up to amounts displayed on payout tables are rounded off values, and are an approximate value of the highest win possible for the game. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. About help Version: 2.121.01 Last modification date: 10/25/2022