Dice About this Game Dice is an over/under Dice game allowing you to roll 1 to 5 dice at a time. The goal is to roll the dice to a value over or under the number you have selected. Selecting “Over” means you must roll the dice to a value over the number you have selected. Selecting “Under” means you must roll the dice to a value under the number you have selected. You can choose the number of dice you want to play with. The number of dice you choose affects the achievable multipliers and chances of winning. All dice are 6-sided, producing results from 1 to 6. Tapping the “+” icon will add another dice to the game. Tapping on an existing die will remove one from the game. Payout Details The Payout Details for each dice roll are displayed in a banner at the top of the game. The Win Chance displays your chance of winning on your next roll. The Payout on Win displays the amount you will win if your current roll is successful. The Multiplier displays how much your bet will be multiplied by if you win. Dynamic Paytable The bet settings and multiplier you currently have selected will be highlighted. The Dynamic Paytable can be accessed by tapping anywhere on the Payout Details banner. The Dynamic Paytable displays the multipliers you can achieve with your currently selected dice, and what number you will need to target to achieve each multiplier. Tapping on a multiplier in the Paytable will adjust your bet settings to target that multiplier. Autoplay Autoplay can be activated using the Autoplay button on the console. Autoplay can be stopped at any time. You can select the number of games you want to play. You can then start Autoplay. Autoplay allows a selected number of rounds to play out automatically. The number of games remaining in your Autoplay session is displayed. Autoplay rounds are played at the current selected bet. Autoplay ends when the selected number of rounds have played out. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Game Menu Home button: Exits the game. Banking button: Displays the banking page. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Music: Switches music On/Off. Information button: Displays game information. Sounds: Switches sound On/Off. Game Controls Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Win: Displays your latest win. Under/Over button: Select whether you are betting under or over. Number Slider: Select the value of the dice roll you are targeting. (+) and (-) Bet buttons: Changes the bet value. Bet: Displays the current bet. (+) Dice button: Adds a dice to the base game. Balance: Displays your current balance. Play button: Starts a round. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Help button: Displays help and additional information. Free Games Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired, the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. After a player selects a Free Game offer, they may choose how to play their Free Games with each Free Game representing 1 roll. A Free Games offer is a number of additional game rounds awarded to a player. These can also be done in combination to complete all available Free Games in the Free Game Offer. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Last modification date: 7/11/2025