Reel Big Boom This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. This feature is available in base game only. Autoplay Settings Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the payline cost of 25. Bet Settings The number of paylines played is fixed. Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. Bet Increase button: Increases the current bet. Bet Decrease button: Decreases the current bet. Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Game Controls Menu button: Displays additional game options. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Spacebar: Pressing this keyboard button starts or stops a spin. This does not influence the result of the spin. Spacebar: Holding this keyboard button starts a quickspin. This does not influence the result of the spin. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Balance: Displays the current balances. Win: Displays the most recent win. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Game Menu Lobby button: Exits the game. Home button: Exits the game. Information Button: Displays Paytable. Sound Button: Enables and Disables all sounds. Banking button: Displays the banking page. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Game Settings Show Intro Screen: Enables and disables intro screen. Left-Handed Mode button: Enables left-handed mode. Background Music: Enables and disables background music. Game Sounds: Enables and disables game sounds. Payline Rules This game includes 25 paylines. The number of paylines played is fixed. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payout Rules The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins resulting from a spin. Wild Symbols Prospector symbols are Wild symbols. Prospector symbols can substitute for all symbols except Plunger, Nugget and Diamond symbols. Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. All wins with a Wild substituting are multiplied x2. This symbol does not appear on reel 1 during Base Game and Free Spins. This symbol can appear stacked on the reels. Free Spins Plunger symbols are Scatter symbols. 3, 4 and 5 Plunger symbols anywhere on the reels trigger this feature. 5, 10 and 15 Free Spins are awarded for 3, 4 and 5 Plunger symbols respectively. A, K, Q, J and Nugget symbols do not appear on the reels during the feature. 2, 3, 4 and 5 Plunger symbols anywhere on the reels retrigger 3, 5, 10 and 15 Free Spins during the feature. Free Spins play out automatically. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. All lines played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Link&Win™ Feature 6 or more mixed Nugget and Diamond symbols anywhere on the reels trigger this feature. 3 free respins are awarded. Triggering Nugget and Diamond symbols are held in place while all other symbol positions respin. Any additional Nugget or Diamond symbols that land are held, and reset the remaining respins to 3. The feature ends when no respins remain or when all 15 symbol positions are filled. Before each spin some reel positions are randomly allocated Nugget or Diamond symbols. Each Nugget or Diamond symbol is allocated a random multiplier value. The multiplier values allocated to Nugget symbols are 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 8x. The multiplier values allocated to Diamond symbols are 10x, 12x, 16x, 20x, 30x, 40x, 50x, 60x, 80x, 100x. The multiplier values are multiplied by total bet. All Nugget and Diamond symbol prizes are awarded at the end of the feature. The Grand Prize is awarded in addition to other prizes when all 15 symbol positions are filled with Nugget or Diamond symbols. When the multiplier value allocated to a Diamond symbol is 20x, 50x, 100x it is displayed as Mini, Minor, or Major prize respectively. The MINI Prize awards a 20x total bet. The MINOR Prize awards a 50x total bet. The MAJOR Prize awards a 100x total bet. The GRAND Prize awards a 1000x total bet. The Link&Win™ feature can trigger in base game and Free Spins. Payline prizes are not awarded during this feature. Plunger symbols do not appear on the reels during this feature. Translation of Game Terms The following list is only applicable in a language other than English Grand - Grand Major - Major Mini - Mini Minor - Minor Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued Last modification date: 7/16/2024