Rhyming Reels - Hearts & Tarts About Rhyming Reels - Hearts and Tart Rhyming Reels - Hearts and Tarts is a five reel, thirty payline, and three hundred coin slot machine. Regular and special symbols Regular symbols Wild, multiplier symbol Scatter symbol Bonus features and games Free Spins bonus game Game play and advanced features Playing the game Free Games Regular symbols Regular symbols are all symbols on the reels that do not have a bonus feature but complete regular winning combinations on enabled paylines. Regular symbol rules: Matching symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. Regular payouts depend on your bet per payline. The Queen of Hearts symbol creates a symbol stack. Wild, multiplier symbol The Hearts and Tarts Logo symbol is a wild, multiplier symbol. Wild, multiplier symbol rules: This symbol substitutes for other symbols to complete wins. This symbol doubles the payout of any combination it completes as a wild symbol. This symbol does not substitute for the scatter symbol. This symbol creates its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear in a line on an enabled payline. These payouts are not multiplied. Scatter symbol The Crown symbol is a scatter symbol. Scatter symbol rules: This symbol completes a winning scatter combination when two or more appear on the reels. This symbol cannot be substituted by the wild, multiplier symbol. Scatter payouts depend on your total bet. Scatter wins are added to regular wins. If you have a scatter win and a regular win, you are paid out for both wins, as the scatter symbol does not need to appear on an enabled payline to win. This symbol activates the Free Spin bonus game when three or more appear on the five reels. Free Spins bonus game Three or more Crown symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Free Spins bonus game. Free Spins bonus game rules: You are awarded ten free spins. All wins are doubled during the free spins. All the bets and paylines played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. Free spins can be re-activated during the bonus game. So, if three or more Crown symbols are scattered on the reels during the free spins, you are awarded additional free spins. The extra free spins are added to the remaining number of free spins. The Queen of Hearts symbol creates a symbol stack. The Hearts and Tarts Logo symbol: Creates a wild symbol stack. Is a wild, multiplier symbol during the free spins. Multiplies the payout of any combination it completes as a wild symbol by 4. Playing the game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form a winning combination on the payline. The payout is dependent on the winning combination formed. In this game: There are 30 paylines. Paylines are not permanently enabled for every spin, so you can select or de-select paylines. You can bet up to ten coins per payline. All payout tables display the number of coins that are won for each combination. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size bet. Only one winning combination is paid out per payline. If there is more than one possible winning combination on a payline, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. What do you want to do? Place a bet and play Select your bet amount. How? Click Increase (+) or Decrease (-) to select the coin size you want to bet. Click Coins to select the number of coins you want to bet. Click Bet Max to bet the maximum bet permitted. The number of coins bet and paylines enabled increases to the maximum bet permitted and the game automatically starts playing. Click Spin. If you have a winning combination lined up on the pay way, the win is highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. In some slot games the Spin button becomes a Stop button. Click Stop to display your spin results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. AutoPlay, Options and Statistics You can change options and view statistics for games using the Options or Statistics buttons. You can also spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game, using AutoPlay or AutoSpin. In some games AutoPlay is available in Expert mode only. Each game has different options and AutoPlay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. What do you want to do? Learn about AutoPlay options AutoPlay options differ between games. Your game may not have all of these options. AutoPlay Options Number of spins Set the number of times the slot reels spins during your AutoPlay session. Number of seconds between spins Set the delay between AutoPlay spins. Until stop Continue Autoplay until you click the Stop button. This does not influence the results of the spin. Stop if a win exceeds or equals Stop spins if the number of credits won on any spin exceeds or equals the amount selected. Stop once all spins are complete Stop after playing the number of reel spins selected. Stop when jackpot is won Stop spins if the Jackpot is won. Stop on any win Stop the session if you win on a spin. Stop if credits increase by Stop the session if the number of credits increases by the amount selected. Stop if credits decrease by Stop the session if the number of credits decreases by the amount selected. Stop on a feature Stops if Free Spins or another bonus feature is triggered. Start AutoPlay without showing this dialog Start future sessions without viewing the AutoPlay settings, using your saved settings or the default settings. Turn on Expert mode Click Expert. The Expert mode features are activated, such as AutoPlay. Play an AutoPlay session Select a bet amount. You must select a bet amount before you start the AutoPlay session, as AutoPlay plays with the last bet value. If the game has Expert mode, click Expert. Click AutoPlay. In some games you cannot set the number of spins to play in the AutoPlay session, so clicking this button starts AutoPlay that continues until you click Stop. The Stop button does not influence the results of the spin. In other games this button enables you to choose the number of spins you want to play and your stop options. Once you have configured these options, click Start to begin your AutoPlay session. Learn about game options Game options differ between games. Your game may not have all of these options. Quick Spin Increases the speed of the Slot reel spin so your results are displayed quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Quick Spin in Free Spins Increases the speed of the Slot reel spin so your results are displayed quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Switch off Gamble feature Disables the Gamble feature during the Slot game. Allow Gamble Enables the Gamble feature during the Slot game. Sound Settings Displays the sound options. Switch off Cinematic Spins Plays the game with or without a selection of video clips in the background during reel spins. Graphics Displays the game graphics with basic or enhanced effects. High quality effects Plays the game with or without high quality effects. Hide Respin Cost Shows or hides the respin cost when you position your mouse pointer over a Respin button. Reel Stopping Order Displays the reel stopping order options. Balance, Bet and Win Values Displays these values for the game you are playing, in coins or credits. Enable 3D Stereo Enables you to toggle between 3D mode and Standard mode. Edit Avatar You can add an Avatar image, or edit an existing Avatar image. Change game options Click Options. Choose the required settings. Click OK. Learn about game statistics Spin Results Displays the number of spins played during the current game session, the length of your game session, and the average number of spins per hour. Highest Wins Displays the highest three win amounts during the current game session. View game statistics Statistics only apply to the current game session. When you exit the game, the statistics reset to zero. Click Statistics (%). View your current Game Play Statistics. Click OK. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 11/12/2020