Links of Ra II About this Game This is a 5 reel 4 row video slot game. This is a video slot game with variable reels. Up to 3 additional rows can be activated in the ULTRA Link&Win™ feature. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. A transaction is all payouts and games that may occur as a result of a bet. Payline Rules This game includes 40 paylines. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. The number of paylines played is fixed. Only the highest win is paid per line. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the payline cost of 10. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the paylines played. Payout Rules Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Wild Symbols Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Scatter and Coin symbols. Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wild symbols appear in the base game and Free Spins. Scatter Symbols Scatters can create their own winning combination when landing anywhere on the reels. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. This symbol appears in the base game only. Power Stacks™ Feature This feature triggers on every spin in base game and Free Spins. Symbols can be randomly Power Stacked on a spin. Power Stacked symbols are added to all reels. All symbols except Scatters and Wilds can be Power Stacked in base game. Only Wild and Coin symbols can be Power Stacked in Free Spins. ULTRA Link&Win™ Feature 6 or more Coin symbols anywhere on the reels trigger this feature. 3 free respins are awarded. Triggering Coin symbols are held in place while all other symbol positions respin. Any additional Coins that land are held, and reset the remaining respins to 3. Landing 4 or 5 Coins in base game or Free Spins will contribute to the ULTRA Link&Win™ meter. When the ULTRA Link&Win™ meter is full to the relevant level, the next ULTRA Link&Win™ feature will trigger in either Max Mode, Multiplier Mode or Collect Mode. The Max Mode ULTRA Link&Win™ feature starts with 3 additional rows active. The Multiplier Mode ULTRA Link&Win™ feature starts with 3 additional rows active and includes a guaranteed land of a Persistent 2x Multiplier Booster Coin. The Collect Mode ULTRA Link&Win™ feature starts with 3 additional rows active and includes a guaranteed land of a Persistent Cash Collect Booster Coin. Triggering the Collect Mode ULTRA Link&Win™ feature empties the ULTRA Link&Win™ meter. Each Cash Coin displays a random cash value. The cash values displayed are multiplied by the total bet. The multiplier values allocated are 0.5x, 1x, 1.5x, 2x, 3x, 5x, 8x, 10x, and 12x. The GRAND prize awards a 5 000x multiplier value. The MAJOR prize awards a 500x multiplier value. The MINOR prize awards a 50x multiplier value. The MINI prize awards a 15x multiplier value. Up to 1 of each of the GRAND, MAJOR, MINOR and MINI Prize Coins can land during the ULTRA Link&Win™ feature. The prize values displayed are multiplied by the total bet. Cash Coins are awarded at the end of the feature. Each Prize Coin that lands counts down once per spin. Prize Coins that land and complete their count down before the feature ends are awarded at the end of the feature. Booster Coins award ULTRA Link&Win™ boosters during the feature. The Persistent Cash Collect Booster Coin collects the sum of all Cash Collect Booster Coins and Cash Coins into a total cash value on every spin. Either 1 Persistent Cash Collect Booster Coin or 1 Persistent 2x Multiplier Booster Coin can land during the ULTRA Link&Win™ feature. The Persistent Cash Collect Booster Coin retriggers on every spin until the feature ends. The cash value collected by the Persistent Cash Collect Booster Coin is awarded at the end of the feature. The GRAND, MAJOR, MINOR and MINI prizes cannot be collected by the Persistent Cash Collect Booster Coin. The Cash Collect Booster Coin collects the sum of any Persistent Cash Collect Booster Coin and Cash Coins already landed into a total cash value for the current spin result. Up to 3 Cash Collect Booster Coins can land during the ULTRA Link&Win™ feature. The cash value collected by the Cash Collect Booster Coin is awarded at the end of the feature. The GRAND, MAJOR, MINOR and MINI prizes cannot be collected by the Cash Collect Booster Coin. The Persistent 2x Multiplier Booster Coin Randomly doubles up to 4 Cash Coins on every spin. The Persistent 2x Multiplier Booster Coin retriggers on every spin until the feature ends. The GRAND, MAJOR, MINOR and MINI prizes cannot be doubled by the persistent 2x multiplier. The 2x Multiplier Booster Coin randomly doubles up to 4 Cash Coins for the current spin result. Up to 3 2x Multiplier Booster Coins can land during the ULTRA Link&Win™ feature. The GRAND, MAJOR, MINOR and MINI prizes cannot be doubled by the 2x multiplier. The Unlock Booster Coin activates 1 additional row in the ULTRA Link&Win™ feature. Up to 3 additional rows can be activated in the ULTRA Link&Win™ feature. The Extra Chance Booster Coin awards 1 free respin. The Extra Chance Booster Coin activates when there are no respins remaining. The feature includes Coin symbols and blank symbol positions only. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. The feature is complete when no respins remain or all symbol positions are filled. The feature can be triggered during base game and Free Spins. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered the feature. Should a symbol win occur in conjunction with the trigger of this feature, the symbol win is awarded before the feature starts. Free Spins cannot be triggered in conjunction with this feature. Collection Pot Feature In base game, land an Eye of Ra Coin symbol on reel 5 to grow the Collection Pot and randomly trigger this feature. Spin the feature wheel to win either the GRAND, MAJOR, MINOR or MINI prize. The GRAND prize awards a 5 000x multiplier value. The MAJOR prize awards a 500x multiplier value. The MINOR prize awards a 50x multiplier value. The MINI prize awards a 15x multiplier value. The prize values displayed are multiplied by the total bet. If the Collection Pot feature is triggered, the Collection Pot will reset upon return to base game. This symbol appears in the base game only. This symbol appears on reel 5 only. This symbol does not have a payout. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. The feature ends when either the GRAND, MAJOR, MINOR or MINI prize has been won. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Should a symbol win occur in conjunction with the trigger of this feature, the symbol win is awarded before the feature starts. Free Spins cannot be triggered in conjunction with this feature. Free Spins 3, 4 or 5 Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels trigger 10 Free Spins. Wild or Coin symbols are Power Stacked on every Free Spin. Free Spins cannot be re-triggered. Free Spins play out automatically. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. All lines played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Buy Feature Selecting the active Buy feature button will open the Buy feature menu. The Buy feature allows the purchase of immediate access to either the ULTRA Link&Win™ feature, the Max Mode ULTRA Link&Win™ feature, the Multiplier Mode ULTRA Link&Win™ feature or the Collect Mode ULTRA Link&Win™ feature. The Max Mode ULTRA Link&Win™ feature starts with 3 additional rows active. The Multiplier Mode ULTRA Link&Win™ feature starts with all 3 additional active rows and includes a guaranteed land of a Persistent 2x Multiplier Booster Coin. The Collect Mode ULTRA Link&Win™ feature starts with 3 additional rows active and includes a guaranteed land of a Persistent Cash Collect Booster Coin. A cost dialog displays the calculated purchase costs. The Buy feature cost of the ULTRA Link&Win™ feature is 40x bet. The Buy feature cost of the Max Mode ULTRA Link&Win™ feature is 80x bet. The Buy feature cost of the Multiplier Mode ULTRA Link&Win™ feature is 110x bet. The Buy feature cost of the Collect Mode ULTRA Link&Win™ feature is 165x bet. Updating the current bet amount will update the cost of the features available for purchase. Once the ‘Buy’ button is selected, a confirmation prompt will display with details of the purchase. Selecting the ‘✓’ button will complete the Buy feature purchase. Selecting the ‘X’ button will close the Buy feature. Bet changes are applied on confirmation of the Buy feature purchase. The feature is played at the current bet. This feature is available in the base game only. The features available for purchase may be limited or made inaccessible while the bet exceeds a specified amount. The Buy feature may not be available in all regions. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Balance: Displays the current balances. Win: Displays the most recent win. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Spin Settings button: Displays additional spin options. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Buy feature button: Displays the option to purchase the ULTRA Link&Win™ feature, the Max Mode ULTRA Link&Win™ feature, the Multiplier Mode ULTRA Link&Win™ feature or the Collect Mode ULTRA Link&Win™ feature. Game Menu Menu button: Displays additional game options. Close button: Closes the game menu. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Banking button: Displays the banking page. Home button: Exits the game. Game Settings Quickspin: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Bet Settings Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Autoplay Settings Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Bet: Sets the current bet value. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. This feature is available in the base game only. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of additional game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to accept the offer and begin playing. Only one offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the offer. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired, the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. The game displays the bet information and offer expiry date and time. This feature is only available in selected games. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. RTP: 94.05% Last modification date: 12/16/2025