Hyper strike Wild Symbols The Wild symbol is a wild symbol. The Wild symbol can substitute for all symbols except the Hyper Strike™ and Free Spin symbols. Hyper Strike™ Symbol The Hyper Strike™ symbol is a scatter symbol. 3 or more Hyper Strike™ symbols appearing anywhere on screen pays out. Only the highest paying count of the Hyper Strike™ symbols pays out. Hyper Strike™ symbol pays are calculated by multiplying by total bet. Hyper Strike™ symbol wins are added to line wins. Hyper Strike™ symbols cannot be substituted by the Wild symbols. Free Spins The Free Spin symbol is a scatter symbol. 3 Free Spin symbols pays out and triggers a spin of the Free Spin Wheel. The wheel will spin once and award a single wedge containing a number of free spins and a multiplier. All line wins and Free Spin symbol wins during Free Spins will be multiplied by the wheel multiplier. During Free Spins, Hyper Strike™ Symbol wins are not multiplied by the wheel multiplier. Retriggering will grant additional free spins equal to the amount initially awarded and at the same multiplier level. All bets played in Free Spins are the same as the spin that triggered the Free Spins feature. Free Spin symbols appear on reels 2, 3, and 4 only. Free Spin Symbol pays are calculated by multiplying by total bet. Free Spin symbol wins are added to line wins. Free Spin symbols cannot be substituted by the Wild symbols. Line Payouts Winnings paid out for a payline are dependent on the symbols displayed on the payline, once the reels have come to a stop. Line wins are calculated by multiplying the line combination payout by the line bet. The line bet is total bet divided by 0.20. The symbols must be next to each other on a payline to produce a winning line combination. Payline winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, a winning payline combination must start with the leftmost payline position and continue on adjacent positions on the payline. Line wins are paid out only on the highest paying combination on each line. At most 1 winning combination is paid out per payline. Only the available lines can produce a winning line combination. You are paid the total of all payline wins that land on a spin. Game Payouts Winnings paid out on the slot machine are dependent on the symbols displayed in the reel area, once the reels have come to a stop. All payout tables display the number of credits that are won for each winning combination. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The Theoretical Return to Player (RTP) is 94.06% Icons Autoplay Main Menu Return Decrement Increment Bet Quick Spin Mute / Unmute Responsible Gaming Player Protection Loyalty Game History Transaction History Banking Settings Paytable / Information Help Files Lobby Discard Some of these options may not be available in your location. Playing the Game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form winning combinations. The payout is dependent on the winning combinations formed. Your balance is displayed in credits and is available in the console bar. Select your bet on a mobile device by tapping the Bet icon or the Bet area. Select your bet in desktop through the Main Menu or on the console bar. Click or tap the spin button to spin the reels. Select the stop button to stop the current reel spin. This can also be done by clicking or tapping the reels. This does not influence the results of the spin. If enabled in Settings, you may press spacebar to spin or stop. Once the reels stop, wins are highlighted if you have a winning combination. You are paid out the win amount as displayed in the win box. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is completed and you can play again. Bet Selection Select your bet on a mobile device by tapping Bet in the console bar or by tapping the Bet icon. Select your bet in desktop with the Increment and Decrement icons on the console bar. You can also select your bet from the Main Menu using the Bet icon, or by clicking the bet area. Settings The Settings panel provides access to multiple game settings. Some settings may not be available in your location. To access the Settings panel, open the Main Menu and select the Settings icon. You can choose which settings to turn on or off. Intro Screen setting displays the intro screen at startup. Show Tutorial at Startup setting displays the tutorial on launching the game. Quick Spin setting increases the speed of the slot reel spin. All Sounds setting controls all sounds, including game and background sounds. Game Sounds setting controls console and spin sounds, as well as sounds for winning combinations and sequences. (Only enabled if All Sounds is ON.) Background Music setting controls background music. (Only enabled if All Sounds is ON.) Spacebar to Spin setting allows you to spin the reels using your computer's spacebar. Autoplay Using Autoplay, you can spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game. A bet amount must be set before starting the Autoplay session, as Autoplay plays with the last bet value. Autoplay can be stopped at any time. This does not influence the results of the spin. Triggering the Free Spin feature will stop Autoplay. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Last modification date: 2/18/2021