Bank Vault About this Game l This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. l The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. l Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Bet Rules l Each spin played costs a total bet amount. l The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the payline cost of 20. l The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the paylines played. Payline Rules l This game includes 25 paylines. l A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. l A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. l Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. l The number of paylines played is fixed. Payout Rules l Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. l The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. l The total payout is the sum of all payline wins and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. l If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. l Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. l The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Game Controls l Spin button: Starts a reel spin. l Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. l A click or tap on the reels stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. l Spin Settings button: Displays additional spin options. l Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. l Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. l Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. l Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. l Bet Increase button: Increases the current bet. l Bet Decrease button: Decreases the current bet. l Bet: Displays the current total bet. l Win: Displays the most recent win. l Credits: Displays the current balances. l Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Game Menu l Menu button: Displays additional game options. l Home button: Exits the game. l Banking button: Displays the banking page. l Sounds: Enables game sounds. l Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Autoplay l This feature is available in base game only. l Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. l Spins are played at the current selected bet. l The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. l Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. l Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. l Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. l Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. Additional Information l Some settings and features may not be available in this game. l Malfunction voids all pays and plays. l Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. l In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. l The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. l The results of the last game played are displayed. l If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Wild Symbols l Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. l Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. l Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Scatter and Bonus symbols. Scatter Symbols l Diamond Dollar symbols are Scatter symbols. l Scatters can create their own winning combination when landing anywhere on the reels. l Scatter prizes displayed are based on total bet, and are not further multiplied. Cash Wheel Feature l Cash Wheel symbols appear in base game only. l Cash Wheel symbols appear on reel 1, 3 and 5 only. l 3 Cash Wheel symbols anywhere on the reels trigger this feature. l The Cash Wheel awards either the Cash Catch™ feature, Free Spins or a Diamond Dollar prize, as well as a multiplier. l Diamond Dollar prizes from the Cash Wheel are multiplied by the Cash Wheel multiplier and awarded. l The Cash Wheel multiplier applies to all wins in Free Spins or the Cash Catch™ feature. Free Spins l All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. l All lines played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. l Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. l Free Spins cannot be retriggered. Cash Catch™ Feature l During the Cash Catch™ feature, grab the flying cash to win prizes. l The number of prizes that can be selected before the feature ends is randomly determined. l All wins are multiplied by the triggering Cash Wheel multiplier. Return to Player l The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. l This value is fixed and does not change. l l This game has an RTP of 96.33%. Last modification date: 1/11/2022