Noble Sky Vault Bonus Jackpot Trigger symbols may appear only on base game spins. Jackpot Trigger symbols may appear over any symbols except wilds. Collecting Jackpot Trigger symbols grants a chance of triggering the Vault Bonus. Only the Jackpot Trigger symbols collected on the current spin contribute to the chance of triggering a jackpot. The graphical collection pot in the game is purely for visual entertainment and as such does not influence awarding a jackpot. The Vault Bonus is a match 3 to win feature. 12 selectable items are shown. Each item is associated with 1 of the 4 jackpots. Select until 3 matching items have been revealed. The jackpot corresponding to the 3 matching items is awarded. Auto Pick option randomly selects items without player interaction, and can be stopped at any time. All bets during the Vault Bonus are the same as the triggering spin. Jackpot prizes are scaled by the total bet. Airship Wild Respins An Airship Wild stack filling an entire reel triggers the respin bonus. Stacked Wilds and additional Airship Wilds do not appear during respins. The win multiplier starts at 1x for the first respin, and increases to 2x, 3x, 5x, and 10x for any subsequent respins. On each respin, full Airship Wild stacks move one reel to the left. The win multiplier increases with each subsequent respin. The triggering spin is not multiplied. Respins occur until the last Airship Wild stack moves off the reels. The final respin occurs with no Airship Wild stacks on the reels. Respins cannot be retriggered during feature. The Vault Bonus cannot be triggered during respins. Wild Symbols The Stacked Wild and Airship Wild symbols are wild symbols. Wild symbols can land on reels 2 through 5. All wild symbols are stacked. The Stacked Wild symbol can substitute for all symbols except the Jackpot Trigger and Airship Wild. The Airship Wild symbol can substitute for all symbols except the Jackpot Trigger. Line Payouts Winnings paid out for a payline are dependent on the symbols displayed on the payline, once the reels have come to a stop. Line wins are calculated by multiplying the line combination payout by the line bet. The line bet is total bet divided by 25. The symbols must be next to each other on a payline to produce a winning line combination. Payline winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, a winning payline combination must start with the leftmost payline position and continue on adjacent positions on the payline. Line wins are paid out only on the highest paying combination on each line. At most 1 winning combination is paid out per payline. Only the available lines can produce a winning line combination. You are paid the total of all payline wins that land on a spin. Game Payouts Winnings paid out on the slot machine are dependent on the symbols displayed in the reel area, once the reels have come to a stop. All payout tables display the number of credits that are won for each winning combination. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Icons Autoplay Main Menu Return Decrement Increment Bet Quick Spin Mute / Unmute Responsible Gaming Player Protection Loyalty Game History Transaction History Banking Settings Paytable / Information Help Files Lobby Discard Some of these options may not be available in your location. Playing the Game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form winning combinations. The payout is dependent on the winning combinations formed. Your balance is displayed in credits and is available in the console bar. Select your bet on a mobile device by tapping the Bet icon or the Bet area. Select your bet in desktop through the Main Menu or on the console bar. Click or tap the spin button to spin the reels. Select the stop button to stop the current reel spin. This can also be done by clicking or tapping the reels. This does not influence the results of the spin. If enabled in Settings, you may press spacebar to spin or stop. Once the reels stop, wins are highlighted if you have a winning combination. You are paid out the win amount as displayed in the win box. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is completed and you can play again. Bet Selection Select your bet on a mobile device by tapping Bet in the console bar or by tapping the Bet icon. Select your bet in desktop with the Increment and Decrement icons on the console bar. You can also select your bet from the Main Menu using the Bet icon, or by clicking the bet area. Settings The Settings panel provides access to multiple game settings. Some settings may not be available in your location. To access the Settings panel, open the Main Menu and select the Settings icon. You can choose which settings to turn on or off. Intro Screen setting displays the intro screen at startup. Show Tutorial at Startup setting displays the tutorial on launching the game. Quick Spin setting increases the speed of the slot reel spin. All Sounds setting controls all sounds, including game and background sounds. Game Sounds setting controls console and spin sounds, as well as sounds for winning combinations and sequences. (Only enabled if All Sounds is ON.) Background Music setting controls background music. (Only enabled if All Sounds is ON.) Spacebar to Spin setting allows you to spin the reels using your computer's spacebar. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. This value is fixed and does not change. This game has an RTP of 96.12%. Last modification date: 12/28/2021