Fishing Floats Connectify Pays About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the number of coins multiplied by the coin size. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the bet multiplier played. Payline Rules This game includes 25 paylines. The number of paylines played is fixed. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Payline wins are awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payout Rules Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. Winning combination payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The total payout is the sum of all winning combination wins resulting from a spin. Disclaimer: The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Express Collect™ The Express Collect™ feature can be triggered in the base game. Land Express Collect™ Prize symbols on reels 1 - 4 and a Collect symbol on reel 5 to trigger the Express Collect™ feature. The feature awards the displayed prize values. Land a Multiplier symbol on reel 1 to multiply all awarded Prize symbol values by the multiplier value displayed. Multiplier symbols will always land with at least 2 Prize symbols. Prize values can be credit values or the Mini, Minor and Major Jackpot prizes. Major Jackpot = 100x Bet Minor Jackpot = 50x Bet Mini Jackpot = 15x Bet Credit values range from 0.2x - 100x Bet Multiplier values range from 2x - 100x Pick Bonus The Pick Bonus can be randomly triggered anytime Express Collect™ Prize symbols are collected to the pot above the reels. When triggered 12 Pick Bonus symbols are presented to choose from. When selected each Pick Bonus symbol will reveal a Jackpot prize. When 3 of the same Jackpot prizes have been revealed the corresponding Jackpot prize is awarded and the feature ends. Jackpot prizes: Mega Jackpot = 2 000x Bet Major Jackpot = 100x Bet Minor Jackpot = 50x Bet Mini Jackpot = 15x Bet Free Spins Land 3 Free Spins scatters to trigger Connectify Pays™ Free Spins. Free Spins scatters appear on reels 2, 3, and 4. Two features are available to choose from. Multiplier Trail: This is available at all times. Reel Lock: This is available once the progress bar in the Base Game has been completely filled. Free Spins Scatter symbols do not have a payout. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Connectify Pays™ Connectify Symbol Boot Symbol Prize Symbols Trail Symbol Wheel Symbol During Free Spins Connectify symbols can land on reels 1-4. Land 4 Connectify symbols across the reels from left to right on a single row to collect the symbol on reel 5 on that row. Reel 5 symbols include Express Collect™ Prize symbols, Trail symbols, and Wheel symbols. Reel 5 also includes Boot symbols which award no prize. Prize symbols will award the displayed value including Jackpots. Trail symbol will be collected to the active feature trail. Wheel symbol awards one spin of the Wheel Bonus with the following prizes: Credit values (1x, 2x and 4x bet) Extra spins (1, 2 and 3 spins) Jackpot prizes (Mega, Major, Minor and Mini) Free Spins Multiplier Trail 6 Free Spins are initially awarded. Trail Symbol Each Trail symbol landing on reel 5 and collected via Connectify Pays™ moves one position along the feature trail. The feature trail starts from the left and moves to the right. Up to 3 Trail symbols can land and be collected on one spin. When an upgrade position is reached on the feature trail, the remaining Free Spins count is increased by 3 and the new multiplier will apply for all future Connectify Pays™ wins. The Multiplier Trail is available to be selected in the Free Spins feature at all times. Reel Lock Feature Progress Bar In the Base Game when two Free Spins scatters land on the reels the Reel Lock feature Progress Bar will fill up by one increment. Once the Progress Bar is completely full the Reel Lock feature will be available to be selected for play in all future Free Spins features. Reel Lock Feature 8 Free Spins are initially awarded. Connectify Symbol Trail Symbol The Free Spins Reel Lock feature locks in Connectify symbols on reels 4, 3 and 2 in that order. No reels are locked to start the Free Spins. Each Trail symbol landing on reel 5 and collected via Connectify Pays™ will be collected to the feature trail. When 3 Trail symbols are collected, Reel 4 is locked with Connectify symbols and 5 extra Free Spins are awarded. When 6 Trail symbols are collected, Reels 3 and 4 are locked with Connectify symbols and 4 extra Free Spins are awarded. When 9 Trail symbols are collected, Reels 2, 3 and 4 are locked with Connectify symbols and 3 extra Free Spins are awarded. Wild Symbols Wilds appear on reel 2-5 in the Base Game. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Free Spins Scatter, Prize, Multiplier and Collect symbols. This symbol does not have a payout. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Spacebar: Pressing this keyboard button will start or stop a reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Play button: Continues the game. Fast Play button: toggles Fast Play on and off. Fast Play Active Indicator: Indicates when Fast Play is active. Bet button: Opens the Bet dialog. Bet Up button: Increases the current bet up to the next highest available bet. Bet Down button: Decreases the current bet down to the next lowest available bet. Max Bet button: Sets the current bet to the maximum value. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay start button: Starts Autoplay session. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Game Menu button: Displays the game settings and game payout table. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Sounds button: Toggle sounds on or off. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Lobby button: Exits the game. Banking button: Displays the banking page. Help button: Displays help and additional information. Game Menu System Menu button: Displays additional system options. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Return button: Returns to the game. Bet Settings Coin Size: Sets the coin value. Number of Coins: Sets the number of coins. Autoplay The Autoplay start button starts the Autoplay session based on your selected options. Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. If any condition is met to stop the session, all AutoPlay settings return to default. If you are disconnected, AutoPlay will stop. All AutoPlay settings return to default when the game is reloaded. Game Settings Intro Screen button: Toggle to turn the game Intro Screen on or off. Fast Play button: Toggle to turn Fast Play on or off to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Mute All Sounds button: Toggle to mute all game sounds. Background Music button: Toggle to turn background music on or off. Sound Effects button: Toggle to turn game sound effects on or off. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. RTP: 94.3% Last modification date: 9/30/2025