Gold Boom About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Payline Rules This game includes 20 paylines. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. The number of paylines played is fixed. Only the highest win is paid per line. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the payline cost of 10. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the paylines played. Payout Rules Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Wild Symbols Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Scatters. Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wild symbols appear in base game and Free Spins. Scatter Symbols Scatters can create their own winning combination when landing anywhere on the reels. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Scatters pay in any position. Scatter wins are added to regular wins. Scatters appear in base game and Free Spins. Collection Prize Symbols Collection Prize symbols appear in the random MAJOR spin or random GRAND spin only. This symbol does not have a payout. Mine Cart Feature In base game, 1 of 5 mine cart types can randomly appear above reel 5. Land a Wild symbol on the reel below a mine cart to win its prize. Multiple prizes can be awarded per spin. Multiple prizes are awarded from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. All mine carts move 1 reel to the left per spin. All mine carts that have reached reel 1 without being awarded will be removed from the reels on the next spin. Mine cart positions, Walking Wild reels and any held Scatter symbol are stored per bet amount. All bets and lines played are the same as the spin that triggered the mine cart prize. The Extra Scatter Mine Cart awards 1 held Scatter symbol. The Scatter symbol is held until it has contributed towards a Free Spins trigger. The held Scatter symbol will contribute to a Free Spins trigger when 2 or more Scatter symbols land on the reels. The Wild Multiplier Mine Cart awards 2x, 3x or 5x Wild multipliers. The Wild multiplier only applies to line wins that it is a part of. The Wild Reel Mine Cart awards a Wild reel. The Wild reel will be removed from the reels on the next spin. The Wild reel only applies to line wins that it is a part of. The Walking Wild Reel Mine Cart awards a Walking Wild reel. The Walking Wild reel will move 1 reel to the left per spin. On reel 1 or after reaching reel 1, the Walking Wild reel will be removed from the reels on the next spin. The Walking Wild reel only applies to line wins that it is a part of. The Collection Prize Mine Cart awards MINI or MINOR letters in base game. Any MINI or MINOR letters collected during base game will be available in Free Spins. The Collection Prize Mine Cart awards MINI, MINOR, MAJOR or GRAND letters in the Collection Prize Free Spins feature. Collection Prize Collect all MINI, MINOR, MAJOR and GRAND letters that are awarded to achieve the associated prize. The GRAND prize awards 2 500x the total bet. The MAJOR prize awards 250x the total bet. The MINOR prize awards 50x the total bet. The MINI prize awards 15x the total bet. During base game, a random MAJOR spin or a random GRAND spin can award the associated prize. A MAJOR spin or a GRAND spin can randomly trigger on any base game spin. During a random MAJOR spin or a random GRAND spin, collect all letters by landing a Collection Prize symbol on each reel to win the prize. A random MAJOR spin or a random GRAND spin plays out automatically. Wins awarded during a random MAJOR spin or a random GRAND spin are added to base game wins. A random MAJOR spin or a random GRAND spin cannot trigger during Free Spins. MINI and MINOR prizes can be awarded in base game and the Collection Prize Free Spins feature. Any MINI or MINOR letters collected during the Collection Prize Free Spins feature will be available upon return to base game. Collected MINI and MINOR letters are stored per bet amount. MAJOR and GRAND prizes can be awarded in the Collection Prize Free Spins feature. All MAJOR or GRAND letters collected during the Collection Prize Free Spins feature will be cleared upon return to base game. Free Spins 3 or more Scatter symbols trigger Free Spins. Free Spins will begin with a mine cart above every reel. Land a Wild symbol on the reel below a mine cart to win its prize. A mine cart will appear above reel 5 on every spin. Spin the Free Spins Feature Wheel to be awarded 1 of 4 Free Spins features. The Wild Multipliers Free Spins feature will include 10 Free Spins and mine carts that award 2x, 3x or 5x Wild multipliers. The Wild multiplier only applies to line wins that it is a part of. The Wild Reels Free Spins feature will include 10 Free Spins and mine carts that award Wild reels. The Wild reel will be removed from the reels on the next spin. The Wild reel only applies to line wins that it is a part of. The Walking Wild Reels Free Spins feature will include 10 Free Spins and mine carts that award Walking Wild reels. The Walking Wild reel will move 1 reel to the left per spin. On reel 1 or after reaching reel 1, the Walking Wild reel will be removed from the reels on the next spin. The Walking Wild reel only applies to line wins that it is a part of. The Collection Prize Free Spins feature will include 20 Free Spins and mine carts that award letters. MINI, MINOR, MAJOR and GRAND letters can be awarded during the Collection Prize Free Spins feature. Free Spins play out automatically. Free Spins can be retriggered. The Free Spins retrigger will occur within the current Free Spins feature. Additional Free Spins are added to the remaining Free Spins. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. All lines played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. BONUS RECHARGE™ Feature At the end of Free Spins, the BONUS RECHARGE™ feature allows the purchase of 1 additional feature spin. A cost dialog displays the calculated purchase cost. Selecting the ‘✓’ button will complete the BONUS RECHARGE™ feature purchase. Selecting the ‘X’ button will close the BONUS RECHARGE™ feature. The feature is played at the current bet. The feature is available in Free Spins only. The feature may be offered multiple times during the Free Spins session. The feature may be limited or made inaccessible while the bet exceeds a specified amount. The feature may not be available in all regions. Upsizer™ Feature This feature is offered after the Free Spins Feature Wheel has been spun. This feature allows a more valuable Free Spins feature to be purchased before Free Spins begins. The Free Spins Feature Wheel result will affect what Free Spins features are available for purchase. Any available Free Spins features are presented with their calculated purchase costs. Once a Free Spins feature is selected, a confirmation prompt will display with details of the purchase. Free Spins feature options are activated at the prices displayed. Selecting the 'Start Free Spins' button will start the Free Spins feature. Selecting the '?' button displays a dialog box with descriptions of the Free Spins features. The feature may be limited or made inaccessible while the bet exceeds a specified amount. The feature may not be available in all regions. Buy Feature Selecting the active Buy Feature button will open the Buy Feature. The Buy Feature allows the purchase of immediate access to the Free Spins Feature Wheel and the subsequent Free Spins feature. A cost dialog displays the calculated purchase cost. The Buy Feature cost is 50x bet. Updating the current bet amount will update the cost of the feature. Once the ‘Buy’ button is selected, a confirmation prompt will display with details of the purchase. Selecting the ‘✓’ button will complete the Buy Feature purchase. Selecting the ‘X’ button will close the Buy Feature. Bet changes are applied on confirmation of the Buy Feature purchase. The feature is played at the current bet. This feature is available in base game only. The feature may be limited or made inaccessible while the bet exceeds a specified amount. The feature may not be available in all regions. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Balance: Displays the current balances. Win: Displays the most recent win. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Spin Settings button: Displays additional spin options. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Buy Feature button: Displays the option to purchase the Free Spins feature. Game Menu Menu button: Displays additional game options. Close button: Closes the game menu. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Banking button: Displays the banking page. Home button: Exits the game. Game Settings Quickspin: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Bet Settings Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Autoplay Settings Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Bet: Sets the current bet value. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. This feature is available in base game only. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. This feature is only available in selected games. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Translation of Game Terms GRAND : GRAND MAJOR : MAJOR MINOR : MINOR MINI : MINI Last modification date: 12/10/2024