Treasures of Kilauea 2 About this game This is a 5 reel 4 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Payline Rules This game includes 20 fixed paylines. The number of paylines played is fixed. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the paylines played. Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. Payout Rules The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins resulting from a spin. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. Wild Symbols Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except torch, jackpot and bonus symbols. When a winning line starts with a Wild, Wilds will substitute to create a highest paying combination. Wild Burst Feature There is a spin counter on top of the reels. The counter spins from 50 to 0 and then resets. When the counter reaches 0, Wild Burst features are unlocked. Counter is removed once all Wild Burst features are unlocked. Landing Wild Burst symbols triggers a random unlocked Wild Burst feature. Regular fire and Double fire symbols are available from first spin. All features create a fiery zone on the reels and all symbols in that zone turn wild. Regular Fire symbol has no additional features. Double Fire symbol adds an additional Wild Burst Symbol and creates a fiery zone. Respin Wild Burst feature is unlocked after 50 spins. Respin symbol locks all winning combinations and respins the reels. If there are no non-winning symbols to respin, the value of the initial spin will be awarded twice. No Low Wild Burst feature is unlocked after 100 spins. No Low symbol removes all Low value symbols. Reels then cascade and new symbols are dropped. Wild Stacks Wild Burst feature is unlocked after 150 spins. Wild Stacks symbol converts 1-3 reels with wilds into Wild Stacks. Any existing wilds and Wild Burst on these reels become x2. Wild Multiplier Wild Burst feature is unlocked after 200 spins. Wild Multiplier symbol upgrades any wilds or Wild Burst into X2-X10 multiplier wilds. Wild Multipliers are additive when they occur in a winning combination. UpZones LockNWin™ Feature selection The UpZones LockNWin™ feature may randomly trigger when Bonus symbols are collected to Bonus Pots. There are 4 bonus symbols: Bronze, Silver, Gold and Diamond. Bonus symbols get collected to respective Bonus Pots on top of reels. Bonus Pots grow with collection of Bonus symbols. The growth of the pots is only for visual purpose, it doesn’t affect the chance to trigger a feature. Only 1 feature can be triggered at a time. Each Pot has a fixed number of Spins and UpZones™. Bronze - 3 Spins - 3 UpZones™. Silver - 4 Spins - 4 UpZones™. Gold - 5 Spins - 5 UpZones™. Diamond - 6 Spins - 6 UpZones™. UpZones™ LockNWin™ feature can be gambled for more spins and UpZones™. Successful gamble awards a higher tier feature. Unsuccessful gamble pays nothing. Bronze has an upgrade chance of 57.85%. Silver has an upgrade chance of 59.71%. Gold has an upgrade chance of 66.54%. Diamond cannot be gambled. UpZones LockNWin™ Feature UpZones LockNWin™ feature plays on 5 reels x 4 rows with an additional top row with special symbols. Fireball symbols land in the main reel set. Fireball symbol appears only in the UpZones LockNWin™ feature. Fireball symbols can have values between 0.5X and 100X the total bet. UpZones™ are special positions highlighted on the reels. Landing Fireballs in the UpZones™ triggers a spin of the top row and creates an additional UpZones™. Top row spins horizontally and has Collect, Boost, Multiplier, Spin and Jackpot symbols. These symbols appear only in the top row in the UpZones LockNWin™ feature. Collect symbol collects all Fireballs when it lands. Boost symbol increases the value of all Fireballs by 1X - 25X bet. Multiplier symbol multiplies a random Fireball symbol by X2 - X100. Multiplier symbol will not multiply Fireballs that are already multiplied. Spin symbol awards 2 to 3 additional spins. Jackpot symbol triggers Jackpot feature. UpZones LockNWin™ feature ends when all positions are filled or spins are completed. Bonus Wheel Instant trigger Collecting a Torch symbol on all reels will trigger the Bonus Wheel. Bonus Wheel awards one of the Bronze, Silver, Gold or Diamond UpZones LockNwin™ features. Torch symbols can be collected over several spins and more than one Torch symbol can land at a time. Jackpot Wheel Collecting jackpot coins grants a chance of triggering a spin of the Jackpot wheel. There are 4 jackpot coins: mini, minor, major and mega. Jackpot coins land in the base game only. More than one jackpot coin of the same type may land in a single spin. Each jackpot coin increments the value of the corresponding Jackpot by 1x bet. The jackpot wheel awards 1 of 4 guaranteed jackpots. The starting mini Jackpot value is 10 x Bet and is capped at 25 x Bet. The starting minor Jackpot value is 25 x Bet and is capped at 100 x Bet. The starting major Jackpot value is 250 x Bet and is capped at 500 x Bet. The starting mega Jackpot value is 2500 x Bet and is capped at 5000 x Bet. Jackpot wheel triggers only once even if multiple Jackpot coins are collected. Once a jackpot has been awarded, that specific jackpot will reset to its starting value. The graphical progress bar collection in the game is purely for visual entertainment and as such does not influence awarding a jackpot. Buy feature This feature is available in the base game only. This feature is not available above a certain bet threshold. The bet level for the feature may be chosen in the buy menu. Activating the Buy feature instantly triggers the selected feature. The Bronze Upzones LockNWin™ cost is 36.48 x Bet. The Silver Upzones LockNWin™ cost is 62.49 x Bet. The Gold Upzones LockNWin™ cost is 104.13 x Bet. The Diamond Upzones LockNWin™ cost is 156.50 x Bet. The Mystery Upzones LockNWin™ cost is 42.12 x Bet. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. This feature is available in the base game only. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Big Win: Stops autoplay after winning a big win. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Autoplay is played at the current bet selected. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Balance: Displays the current balances. Exit button: Exits the game. Help button: Displays help and additional information. Hold to Turbo Spin: Hold the spin button to enable Turbo Spin. Turbo Spin ends when the spin button is lifted. This does not influence the results of the spin. Menu button: Opens the game menu. Spacebar: Pressing this keyboard button will start or stop a reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Spacebar: Holding down this keyboard button will start a quickspin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Desktop Controls Bet controls: Increase or decrease the bet with the plus and minus symbols. Info button: Opens the paytable menu. Max Bet button: Sets the current bet to the maximum value. Game Menu Home button: Exits the game. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Banking button: Displays the banking page. Help button: Displays help and additional information. Close button: Closes the game menu. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Big win toggle: Toggles big win celebration display on or off. Splash page toggle: Toggles the splash page display on or off. Bet Settings Bet Amount: Sets the current bet value. Bet Value buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Min Bet button: Sets the current bet to the minimum value. Max Bet button: Sets the current bet to the maximum value. Game Settings Quickspin: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Music: Enables game music. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Big Win: Enables big win animations. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Splash page toggle: Toggles the splash page display on or off. Turbospin button: Enables Turbospin to resolve spins faster than Quick Spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Game Terminology Wild Burst = Wild Burst UpZones™ = UpZones WILD = WILD MINI = MINI MINOR = MINOR MAJOR = MAJOR MEGA = MEGA BIG WIN = BIG WIN MEGA WIN = MEGA WIN SUPER WIN = SUPER WIN EPIC WIN = EPIC WIN Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Return to Player The return to player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Values reflect the maximum expected return and do not change. RTP: 94.01%. Last modification date: 1/6/2026