Coin Bash About this Game ´üČ This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. ´üČ The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. ´üČ Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. ´üČ This game is played with credits only. Payline Rules ´üČ This game includes 20 paylines. ´üČ The number of paylines played is fixed. ´üČ A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. ´üČ Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. ´üČ A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Bet Rules ´üČ Each spin played costs a total bet amount. Payout Rules ´üČ Wins are multiplied by the total bet. ´üČ The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. ´üČ Piggy Bank and Lucky Star Bonus symbols pay in any position. ´üČ The total payout is the sum of all payline wins, Piggy Bank wins and Lucky Star Bonus wins resulting from a spin. ´üČ If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. ´üČ The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Lucky Star Bonus Feature ´üČ Lucky Star Bonus is a Free Spins feature. ´üČ 3 Lucky Star Bonus symbols anywhere on the reels trigger this feature. ´üČ Lucky Star Bonus symbols appear in base game only. ´üČ Lucky Star Bonus symbols appear on reel 2, 3 and 4 only. ´üČ The Lucky Star Bonus awards 10, 12, 15 or 20 Free Spins, and a multiplier of 2, 3, 4 or 5. ´üČ The number of Free Spins and the multiplier are randomly awarded by the Wheel of Fortune draw. ´üČ The multiplier applies to all wins except Piggy Bank symbol wins. ´üČ Collecting 7 Lucky Star symbols retriggers Free Spins. ´üČ The number of Free Spins awarded on a retrigger is equal to the initial trigger. ´üČ Retriggering Free Spins awards a +1 multiplier. ´üČ Lucky Star symbols appear in Lucky Star Bonus feature only. ´üČ All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. ´üČ The Free Spins are free to the player. ´üČ Free Spins play out automatically. ´üČ Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Wild Symbols ´üČ Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. ´üČ Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Piggy Bank, Lucky Star Bonus and Lucky Star symbols. Scatter Symbols ´üČ Piggy Bank symbols are Scatter symbols. ´üČ Scatters can create their own winning combination when landing anywhere on the reels. ´üČ Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Coin Spin Feature ´üČ Extra Piggy Bank symbols are added to the reels during the Coin Spin feature. ´üČ This feature can trigger in base game and Free Spins. ´üČ This feature can randomly trigger on any spin. Game Controls ´üČ Spin button: Starts a reel spin. ´üČ Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. ´üČ Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. ´üČ Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. ´üČ Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. ´üČ Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. ´üČ Sounds: Enables game sounds. ´üČ Balance: Displays the current balances. ´üČ Bet: Displays the current total bet. ´üČ Win: Displays the most recent win. ´üČ Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Bet Settings ´üČ Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Game Settings ´üČ Music: Enables game music. ´üČ Sounds: Enables game sounds. ´üČ Effects: Enables game sound effects. ´üČ Quickspin: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Icons Main Menu Return Decrement Increment Bet Quick Spin Mute / Unmute Responsible Gaming Player Protection Loyalty Game History Transaction History Banking Settings Paytable / Information Help Files Lobby Discard Some of these options may not be available in your location. Additional Information ´üČ Some settings and features may not be available in this game. ´üČ Malfunction voids all pays and plays. ´üČ In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. ´üČ The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. ´üČ The results of the last game played are displayed. ´üČ Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Return to Player ´üČ The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. ´üČ This value is fixed and does not change. ´üČ This game has an RTP of 96.12%. Game Terminology ´üČ COIN BASHÔäó = COIN BASHÔäó ´üČ PIGGY BANK = PIGGY BANK ´üČ WILD = WILD ´üČ COIN SPIN = COIN SPIN ´üČ LUCKY STAR BONUS = LUCKY STAR BONUS ´üČ LUCKY STAR = LUCKY STAR ´üČ BIG WIN = BIG WIN ´üČ MEGA WIN = MEGA WIN ´üČ EPIC WIN = EPIC WIN ´üČ LEGENDARY WIN = LEGENDARY WIN Last modification date: 7/12/2021