Rome Supermatch About this Game This is a 5 column, 8 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to uncover the rows and land matching symbols. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. The game begins with 1 active row. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. Payout Rules Win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The total payout is based on the amount of matching symbols resulting from the bet. The total payout is awarded at the round end. The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Wins are multiplied by the base bet. Base bet does not include the Buy Feature cost. Supermatch This game awards wins for matching the symbols. The game starts with the first row unlocked. Placing a bet reveals the first row, and further rows if a match occurs. Only one symbol type can be a match in a single round. If 3 or more identical symbols are uncovered on the first row they constitute a match. A match on the first row determines the matching symbol for the round, and unlocks the second row. Uncovering at least one matching symbol on the following rows unlocks the next row, up to row 8. Round ends when a row is uncovered and there are no matching symbols on the row, or all rows are uncovered and contain matching symbols. Wild Symbols Wild symbols can occur on rows 2 to 8. Wild symbols count as the current matching symbol. There are two wild symbol types in the game, Spreading Wild and Multiplier Wild. Multiplier Wild increases the total win multiplier by 1. Total win multiplier is applied to the final payout. Spreading Wild awards a whole row of wild symbols. Multiplier Wilds are not replaced by Spreading Wilds if they occur on the same row. Mega Respin Mega Respin is awarded after a match on the 8th row. Mega Respin is played instantly when triggered. Mega Respin re-spins all symbols on board that do not match, for a chance of getting additional matching symbols. If the Second Chance bonus feature is not used when this feature is triggered, an additional Mega Respin is awarded. Second Chance bonus Second Chance bonus is awarded for matching a symbol on row 4. If a row is uncovered with no matching symbols, and the Second Chance bonus is active, the Second Chance bonus is used to re-spin that row. If this feature is active when the Mega Respin feature is triggered, an additional Mega Respin is awarded. Buy Bonus This feature is not available above a certain bet threshold. The Buy Bonus menu is available as the Bonus Store. The Bonus Menu has three selection options, Second Chance, Always Match and Normal Bet. When selected, buy bonus can be activated with spin button or de-selected before further play. The Second Chance option guarantees the next spin to match symbols to uncover up to the fourth row, activating the Second Chance bonus feature. This option costs 20x the bet to activate. The Always Match option guarantees the next spin to have a symbol match on the first row. This option costs 5x the bet to activate. Normal Bet de-activates a previously activated Buy Bonus option. This option returns the cost to 1x the bet. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. When all autoplay rounds are played, a popup with 3 options in presented: "START" starts the same number of autoplay rounds with the same settings, "MORE" opens the autoplay settings, "X" closes the popup. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Bet Settings Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Bonus Store button: Displays the option to purchase the available bonus features. Help button: Displays help and additional information. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Total Win: Displays the most recent win. Balance: Displays the current balances. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Game Menu Home button: Exits the game. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Banking button: Displays the banking page. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Menu button: Closes the game menu. Game Settings Push spacebar to spin: enables or disables this option. High quality (60 fps): Enables high quality 60 frames per second gameplay. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Translation of Game Terms Big Win = Big Win Mega Win = Mega Win Super Win = Super Win Wild = Wild Mega Respin = Mega Respin Second Chance = Second Chance Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. This feature is only available in selected games. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Values are calculated initially by dividing the total payouts by the total bets from a simulation of numerous game rounds. Values reflect the maximum expected return and do not change. RTP: 94.00%. Always Match enabled: 94.00%. Second Chance enabled: 94.00%. Last modification date: 6/8/2023