Area Link Luck About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the paylines played. The initial bet is the current total bet pided by the payline cost of 20. Payline Rules This game includes 20 paylines. The number of paylines played is fixed. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Payout Rules Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins resulting from a spin. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Autoplay This feature is available in base game only. Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Wild Symbols Rainbow symbols are Wild symbols. Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Coin symbols. Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. Area Link™ Feature Whenever one or more Coin appear there is a chance for Area Link™ to be triggered. Each Coin collects to the Pot of the same color above the reels. The combination of Coins that collect when the Area Link™ are triggered determines the Lucky Charm Upgrades awarded. Gold Pot symbol prize values are based on total bet. Gold Pot symbols lock in place and 3 respins are awarded. Any additonal Gold Pot symbols that land are locked in place and reset the remaining respins to 3 . The feature ends when all positions are filled or respins are finished. All locked prizes are awarded at the end of the feature. The GRAND prize is awarded when all positions are filled with Pot symbols. Bet multiplier is the same as the game that triggered the feature. Red Lucky Charm Upgrade On every spin a random multiplier of 2x, 3x, or 5x is awarded. Gold Pot symbols are multiplied one time when they first lock into place. This upgrade is awarded when the Red Coin triggers the Area Link™ Feature. Purple Lucky Charm Upgrade A second Area Link™ feature reel set is awarded with 3 respins per set. Each feature array plays out independently of the other array. The feature ends when each independent array has either completed all spins or filled all positions. This upgrade is awarded when the Purple Coin triggers the Area Link™ Feature. Green Lucky Charm Upgrade After the completion of the Green Pot feature, a Gold Pot is created in its place. Green Pots appear during this feature. Green Pots instantly award the prize values on all locked Gold Pots. This upgrade is awarded when the Green Coin triggers the Area Link™ Feature. Multiple Lucky Charm Upgrades Area Link™ is played with all Lucky Charm Upgrades triggered on a single base spin. If a Red Lucky Charm Upgrade is triggered with a Purple Lucky Charm Upgrade, the multiplier determined is used for all new Gold Pot on both reel sets. If a Red Lucky Charm Upgrade is triggered with a Green Lucky Charm Upgrade, the multiplier will apply to the Gold Pot created after the Green Pot feature. If a Green Lucky Charm Upgrade is triggered with a Purple Lucky Charm Upgrade, the Green Pot only collects values within its own reel set. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Values are calculated initially by piding the total possible payouts by the total possible outcomes that are available within the game. Values reflect the maximum expected return and do not change. RTP: 94.20%. Last modification date: 2/13/2024