Enchanted Wolf: Rising Rewards About this Game This is a 5 reel video slot game. Reels 1 and 5 feature 3 symbols, reels 2 and 4 feature 4 symbols, reel 3 features 5 symbols. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Way Rules A way is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other in this pattern. Way wins run from left to right and right to left, starting from the first and last reel respectively. This game includes 720 ways. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the way cost of 10. Payout Rules Way win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. If multiple winning combinations land on a single way, only the highest win is awarded. The total payout is the sum of all way wins resulting from a spin. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Wild Symbols This symbol appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except the Free Spins Scatters and Jackpot Trigger symbols. Wild symbols do not create their own win. Rising Rewards™ Jackpot Feature Collecting Jackpot Trigger symbols grants a chance of triggering a spin of the Jackpot Wheel. Only the Jackpot Trigger symbols collected on the current spin provide a chance to trigger a jackpot. The Jackpot Wheel awards 1 of 5 guaranteed jackpots. The Jackpot Wheel consists of a wheel divided into coloured segments. Each segment is associated with a different jackpot. The landing wheel segment will award the associated jackpot. The graphical collection pot in the game is purely for visual entertainment and as such does not influence awarding a jackpot. Jackpots are displayed above each reel. Jackpot values scale with bet changes. The Ultra Jackpot has starting value of 1 000x bet and maximum value of 5 000x bet. The Mega Jackpot has starting value of 200x bet and maximum value of 1 000x bet. The Major Jackpot has starting value of 50x bet and maximum value of 250x bet. The Minor Jackpot has starting value of 10x bet and maximum value of 100x bet. The Mini Jackpot has starting value of 5x bet and maximum value of 75x bet. Jackpot values are increased by 0.5x bet for each Jackpot Trigger symbol that lands on the associated reel. Once a jackpot has been awarded, that specific jackpot will reset to its starting value. The probability of triggering the Jackpot Wheel can change as the jackpot values change. This feature cannot trigger on a Free Spins trigger. This feature can be triggered in base game and Free Spins. The Paytable displays the starting value of each jackpot. Free Spins 1 or more Free Spins Scatters on every reel triggers the Free Spins feature. 4 Free Spins are awarded. Upon trigger, every Free Spins Scatter that landed awards either 1 additional Free Spin or increases the Free Spins Multiplier by 1x. The feature begins with a minimum of 6 Free Spins. Free Spins Scatters may appear stacked in the base game. The feature trigger awards 1x total bet. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per Free Spins Scatter combination. 1 or more Free Spins Scatters on every reel retriggers the Free Spins feature. The feature retrigger count is equal to the number of Free Spins when starting the feature. The feature retrigger awards 1x total bet multiplied by the Free Spins Multiplier. It is not possible to retrigger Free Spins or trigger the Jackpot Wheel on the last spin of Free Spins. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. All ways played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. Rising Rewards™ Free Spins Multiplier The Free Spins Multiplier is displayed in the Free Spins Multiplier meter. The Free Spins Multiplier can increase in the base game and upon entering Free Spins. The Free Spins Multiplier cannot increase during the Free Spins feature. The Free Spins Multiplier applies to way wins and retrigger pays during Free Spins. The Free Spins Multiplier increases by 0.5x when Free Spins Scatters land on exactly 4 reels in the base game. The maximum Free Spins Multiplier accumulated during the base game is 10x. The maximum Free Spins Multiplier upon entering Free Spins is 15x. The Free Spins Multiplier resets to 1x after Free Spins are complete. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. This feature is available in base game only. Autoplay Settings Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. Bet Settings Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Bet Amount: Sets the current bet value. Game Controls Balance: Displays the current balances. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Menu button: Displays a menu of general system and game options. Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Pressing the Spin button during the current spin stops the reels quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Continue button: Advances to the next screen. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Pressing the Spin button during AutoPlay ends the current Autoplay session. Home button: Exits the game. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. RTP: 94.01% Last modification date: 10/22/2025