Thunderstruck II About Thunderstruck II Thunderstruck II is a five reel, 243 ways and 300 coin slot machine, including: Regular symbols Wild, Multiplier Symbol Scatter symbol Great Hall of Spins bonus game Wild Storm bonus game Paytable Achievements feature This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Game Rules General All 243 pay ways are permanently enabled. Your bet is dependent on the number of coins and coin size played. A bet multiplier of 30 applies per spin. For example, 5 coins bet per spin x 30 bet multiplier = 150 total coins bet. All paytables display the number of credits that are won for each combination. Multiple regular winning combinations are paid per pay way. If there is more than one regular winning combination for different symbols on a pay way, you are paid out for each combination. If there is more than one regular winning combination for the same symbol on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest win. Only one scatter winning combination is paid out per spin and you are paid out the value of the highest win. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. If you have a winning combination, the win is highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. Regular symbols Matching symbols must be next to each other on an enabled pay way. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, starting from the first slot reel. Regular payouts depend on the number of coins and coin size you bet per spin. Wild, multiplier symbol This symbol doubles the payout of any combination it completes as a wild symbol. This symbol does not substitute for the scatter symbol. This symbol creates its own winning combination. These wins are not multiplied. Scatter symbol This symbol does not need to appear on an enabled pay way to win. This symbol cannot be substituted by the wild, multiplier symbol. Scatter payouts depend on your total bet. Wild Storm bonus game This bonus game is randomly activated. Up to five reels are transformed into wild reels. The wild symbol does not appear during this bonus game. The scatter symbol does not appear during this bonus game. Great Hall of Spins bonus game You can play one of four bonus games. After five sequential activations a bonus game is unlocked. Each bonus game awards free spins with an additional bonus feature. All the bets and pay ways played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. Winnings are automatically collected at the end of the bonus game. Valkyrie bonus game All wins are multiplied by 5 during the free spins. Free spins can be re-activated. Additional free spins are added to your remaining free spins. Loki bonus game If two, three, four or five scatter symbols appear in a free spin, you win one, two, three or four extra free spins respectively. These are added to your remaining free spins count. Free spins can be re-activated. Additional free spins are added to your remaining free spins. One symbol displayed on reel 3, transforms up to fifteen symbols into wild symbols. This symbol pays the same value as the wild, multiplier symbol combinations as displayed on the paytable. The 2x multiplier value does not apply. Odin bonus game Any win activates the Wild Raven bonus feature. Random symbols are transformed into a wild, multiplier symbol. Multiplies the payout by up to 6 when symbols complete a win. Free spins cannot be re-activated. Thor bonus game Any win activates the Rolling Reels™ feature, except for scatter symbol combination wins. Winning symbol combinations are removed from the reels after you are paid out. The symbols above the removed symbols shift position to fill the empty spaces. This process repeats itself, increasing your chances of winning without betting on another spin. If you have a win from the shifting symbols, you are paid out again with an increasing multiplier value. This continues until you do not have a win. The multiplier value increases by 1. The maximum multiplier value is 5. The multiplier value resets to 1 if the shifting symbols do not complete a win. Free spins cannot be re-activated. Paytable Achievements feature This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Tracks your win status by highlighting symbol combinations you have won. When you win all combinations for the same symbol it is highlighted. Achievements are permanently highlighted on the payout table, even after you exit the game. Regular game wins are logged as achievements. Regular wins in the Wild Storm bonus are logged as achievements. Wild, multiplier symbol substitute wins are not logged as achievements. Free spins wins are not logged as achievements. Game Controls Item Description Balance Box Displays your Casino balances. Bet Box Displays your total bet amount per spin. You can change your total bet amount per spin using the bet box. Win Box Displays your most recent wins. Settings Button Displays the game settings. Coin Size Selects the coin size you want to bet. Coins Per Line Selects the number of coins you want to bet. Quick spin Increases the reel spin speed to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Sounds Turns game sounds on or off. Paytable button Displays the game payout tables. Spin Button Starts the game Stop Button Displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Auto Play Button Displays the AutoPlay options where you can select to spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game. Each game has different options and AutoPlay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed, and does not change. This game has an RTP of 96.65%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays Last modification date: 12/28/2021