Queen of Alexandria Wild Symbols The Wild symbol is a wild symbol. Upon landing, the Wild symbol expands to cover the entire reel. The Wild symbol can only appear on reels 2, 3, and 4. The Wild symbol can substitute for all symbols except the Jackpot Trigger symbol. Free Respins 1 or more Wild symbols appearing anywhere on reels 2, 3, or 4 activates the Respin feature. 1 Free Respin is awarded. The respins awarded will play out automatically. During the Respin feature, the Wild symbol expands to cover the entire reel and locks in place while the other reels respin. If a new Wild symbol lands during a respin, it expands and locks along with any previously expanded Wild symbols for another respin. Up to 2 additional Wild symbols can appear after a Wild symbol activates a respin, triggering an additional respin, for a maximum of 3 respins. The Respin feature ends when no new Wild symbols appear during a respin. The respins are played at the same bet as the round activating the respins. All bets and lines played are the same as the spin that triggered the Respin feature. Jackpot Trigger symbols do not appear during the Respin feature. Wild symbols are available during the base game and the Respin feature. Jackpot Wheel Jackpot Trigger symbols may appear over all symbols except the Wild symbol. The Jackpot Trigger symbols may only appear on reels 2, 3, and 4. Collecting Jackpot Trigger symbols grants a chance of triggering a spin of the Jackpot Wheel. Only the Jackpot Trigger symbols collected on the current spin contribute to the chance of triggering a jackpot. The Jackpot Wheel awards 1 of 4 guaranteed jackpots. The Jackpot Wheel consists of a wheel divided into colored segments. Each segment is associated with a different jackpot. The landing wheel segment will award the associated jackpot. If you activate the Jackpot Wheel and the Respin feature, the Jackpot Wheel activates first. Then the Respin feature activates. Wins from both are then added to your winnings. The graphical collection pot in the game is purely for visual entertainment and as such does not influence awarding a jackpot. Line Payouts Winnings are paid out only on the highest combination in either direction on each line. Line wins are calculated by multiplying the line combination payout by the line bet. The line bet is total bet divided by 10. The symbols must be next to each other on a payline to produce a winning line combination. Line winning combinations pay out from left-to-right or right-to-left. Thus, one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel for winning combinations from the left, or on the last slot reel for winning combinations from the right. A symbol combination starting from a different slot reel does not pay out. The symbols must be next to each other on a line. In either direction, if there is more than 1 possible winning combination on a payline, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. At most 1 winning combination from the left is paid out per payline. At most 1 winning combination from the right is paid out per payline. All lines must be played. All payout tables display the number of credits that are won for each combination. The number of credits won is dependent on the line bet. Only the available lines can produce a winning line combination. You are paid the total of all payline wins that land on a spin. Game Payouts Winnings paid out on the slot machine are dependent on the symbols displayed in the reel area, once the reels have come to a stop. All payout tables display the number of credits that are won for each winning combination. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The theoretical return to player (RTP) is 94%. Icons Autoplay Main Menu Return Decrement Increment Bet Quick Spin Mute / Unmute Responsible Gaming Player Protection Loyalty Game History Transaction History Banking Settings Paytable / Information Help Files Lobby Discard Some of these options may not be available in your location. Playing the Game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form winning combinations. The payout is dependent on the winning combinations formed. Your balance is displayed in credits and is available in the console bar. Select your bet on a mobile device by tapping the Bet icon or the Bet area. Select your bet in desktop through the Main Menu or on the console bar. Click or tap the spin button to spin the reels. Select the stop button to stop the current reel spin. This can also be done by clicking or tapping the reels. This does not influence the results of the spin. If enabled in Settings, you may press spacebar to spin or stop. Once the reels stop, wins are highlighted if you have a winning combination. You are paid out the win amount as displayed in the win box. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is completed and you can play again. Bet Selection Select your bet on a mobile device by tapping Bet in the console bar or by tapping the Bet icon. Select your bet in desktop with the Increment and Decrement icons on the console bar. You can also select your bet from the Main Menu using the Bet icon, or by clicking the bet area. Settings The Settings panel provides access to multiple game settings. Some settings may not be available in your location. To access the Settings panel, open the Main Menu and select the Settings icon. You can choose which settings to turn on or off. Intro Screen setting displays the intro screen at startup. Show Tutorial at Startup setting displays the tutorial on launching the game. Quick Spin setting increases the speed of the slot reel spin. All Sounds setting controls all sounds, including game and background sounds. Game Sounds setting controls console and spin sounds, as well as sounds for winning combinations and sequences. (Only enabled if All Sounds is ON.) Background Music setting controls background music. (Only enabled if All Sounds is ON.) Spacebar to Spin setting allows you to spin the reels using your computer's spacebar. Autoplay Using Autoplay, you can spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game. A bet amount must be set before starting the Autoplay session, as Autoplay plays with the last bet value. Autoplay can be stopped at any time. This does not influence the results of the spin. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Triggering the Jackpot Wheel will stop Autoplay. Last modification date: 6/8/2021