Witch Feature About this Game ´üČ This is a 5 reel 4 row video slot game. ´üČ The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. ´üČ Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Payline Rules ´üČ This game includes 50 paylines. ´üČ The number of paylines played is fixed. ´üČ A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. ´üČ A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. ´üČ Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Bet Rules ´üČ Each spin played costs a bet amount. ´üČ The total bet is based on the initial bet placed on each payline played. ´üČ The initial bet is the current bet pided by the number of paylines played. Payout Rules ´üČ Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. ´üČ The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. ´üČ If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. ´üČ Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. ´üČ The total payout is the sum of all payline wins resulting from a spin. ´üČ The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. ´üČ The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. ´üČ The Paytable displays the payouts in a player's currency. Wild Symbols ´üČ Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. ´üČ Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Free Spins, Potion and Question mark symbols. Potion Features ´üČ The 4 Potion Features are High Symbols Respin, Random Wilds Respin, Multiplier Respin, Mega Wild Respin. ´üČ The 4 Potion Features are presented on 4 cards. ´üČ Each feature represents a different card which is activated by a different combination of Potion symbols. ´üČ Potion symbols appear only on reels 2, 3 and 4. ´üČ When a Potion symbol lands on the reels it is collected and the symbols above move into the empty spaces. ´üČ Potion symbols are collected from left to right. ´üČ Only 1 Potion symbol can appear on a reel per spin. ´üČ When 3 Potion symbols are collected, the combination can trigger one of the Potion Features or Explosion. ´üČ On the initial state the Random Wilds Respin, Multiplier Respin and Mega Wild Respin Features are locked. ´üČ When the High Symbol Respin feature is triggered, the Random Wilds Respin feature is unlocked. ´üČ When the Random Wilds Respin feature is triggered, the Multiplier Respin feature is unlocked. ´üČ When the Multiplier Respin feature is triggered, the Mega Wild Respin feature is unlocked. ´üČ When all 4 Potion Features are triggered, they remain unlocked. ´üČ Collected Potions are tied to the current bet. ´üČ Unlocked Potion features are tied to the current bet. High Symbols Respin ´üČ A Red Potion, Blue Potion and Green Potion symbols combination trigger this feature. ´üČ First, the base game spin winnings are paid and one respin is awarded. ´üČ When the feature is triggered, we have a respin only with the Wild, Witch, Cat, Owl, Book or poom symbols. ´üČ Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. ´üČ All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Random Wild Respin ´üČ A Red Potion and 2 Blue Potion symbols combination trigger this feature. ´üČ The feature awards a respin and a random number of Wild symbols land on the reels. ´üČ Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. ´üČ All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Multiplier Respin ´üČ A Red Potion and 2 Green Potion symbols combination trigger this feature. ´üČ The feature awards x2, x3, x5, x8 or x10 multiplier. ´üČ The feature awards respins. ´üČ The respins continue until a win. ´üČ The awarded multiplier is applied to the received win. ´üČ Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. ´üČ All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Mega Wild Respin ´üČ 2 Blue Potion and 1 Green Potion symbols combination trigger this feature. ´üČ A respin with Mega Wild is awarded. ´üČ The Mega Wilds can be either 1 symbol of 3x3 size or 2 symbols of 2x2 size. ´üČ The Wilds appear in random positions on the reels. ´üČ Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. ´üČ All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Explosion ´üČ Triggered randomly when there is a combination of Potion symbols that can not trigger one of the Potion Features. ´üČ First, the base game winnings are paid and then the feature is activated. ´üČ During this feature, a number of Question mark symbols land on random positions on the reels. ´üČ All Question mark symbols on the screen are substituted by Wild, Witch, Cat, Owl, Book or poom symbols. ´üČ Wild, Witch, Cat, Owl, Book or poom symbols have a different payout. ´üČ After the substitution, the payouts are evaluated. ´üČ Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. ´üČ All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Free Spins ´üČ Landing Free Spins symbols on both reels 1 and 5 triggers this feature. ´üČ 10 Free Spins are awarded. ´üČ During the Free Spins, Potion symbols do not appear on the reels. ´üČ A Potion feature can randomly trigger on any spin. ´üČ The Multiplier feature can be triggered together with any of the other Potion features. ´üČ When a Multiplier Potion Feature is triggered, either Respins until a win, or 1 Respin with another Potion feature, is awarded. ´üČ The total win of a Respin with Multiplier and another Potion feature is calculated by multiplying the Potion feature payout by the chosen Multiplier. ´üČ A Free Spins symbol on reel 1 or 5 awards 1 additional Free Spin. ´üČ Landing Free Spins symbols on both reels 1 and 5 awards 10 additional Free Spins. ´üČ Free Spins can be retriggered infinitely. ´üČ During Potion Respins, the Free Spins cannot be retriggered. ´üČ During the High Symbols Respin, Random Wild Respin, Multiplier Respin and Mega Wild Respin, the Free Spins could not be triggered. ´üČ Free Spins can be triggered in the base game only. ´üČ Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. ´üČ All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Game Controls ´üČ Spin button: Starts a reel spin. ´üČ Pressing the Spin button during the current spin stops the reels quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. ´üČ Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. ´üČ Mute button: Disables game sounds and music. ´üČ Unmute button: Enables game sounds and music. ´üČ Help button: Displays help and additional information. ´üČ Banking button: Displays the cashier. ´üČ Home button: Exits the game. ´üČ Bet: Displays the current total bet. ´üČ Win: Displays the most recent win. ´üČ Balance: Displays the current balances. ´üČ Menu button: Displays additional game options. ´üČ Bet Increase button: Increases the current bet. ´üČ Bet Decrease button: Decreases the current bet. ´üČ Turbo Mode button: Enables Turbo Mode to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. ´üČ Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay ´üČ Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. ´üČ Total Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. ´üČ Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. ´üČ Win Feature: Select this option to end Autoplay session when trigger feature. ´üČ Single Win: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. ´üČ The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. ´üČ Spins are played at the current selected bet. Game Menu ´üČ Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. ´üČ Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. ´üČ Payout button: Displays payout of the last spin. ´üČ History button: Displays the history of spins' result. ´üČ Notification button: Displays notifications. ´üČ Settings button: Displays the game settings. ´üČ Close button: Closes the game menu. Additional Information ´üČ Some settings and features may not be available in this game. ´üČ Malfunction voids all pays and plays. ´üČ In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. ´üČ The results of the last game played are displayed. ´üČ The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. ´üČ If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. ´üČ Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. ´üČ Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. Return to Player ´üČ The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. ´üČ This value is fixed and does not change. ´üČ This game has an RTP of 94.02%. Glossary ´üČ BIG WIN - BIG WIN ´üČ FREE SPINS - FREE SPINS ´üČ HUGE WIN - HUGE WIN ´üČ PLAY - PLAY ´üČ TOTAL WIN - TOTAL WIN ´üČ WILD - WILD ´üČ WITCH FEATURE - WITCH FEATURE Last modification date: 12/2/2022