Cash Spree Phoenix About this Game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Payout Rules If multiple winning combinations land on a single way, only the highest win is awarded. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The total payout is the sum of all way wins and Cash Spree™ wins resulting from a spin. Way win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Way Rules A way is 1 position on each reel beginning with the leftmost reel and pays left to right on adjacent reels. This game includes 720 ways. Only positions containing a winning symbol are used to determine the way win for that symbol. Only the highest win is awarded per way. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the way cost of 10. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the ways played. Wild Symbols Wilds only substitute for High and Low Paying symbols. Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. This symbol appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. These symbols do not have a payout. Cash Spree™ Symbols Land Cash Spree™ symbols, starting on reels 1 and 2, to trigger the feature. Cash Spree™ symbols award Mega, Major, Minor, Mini, or cash values. Mega, Major, Minor, and Mini only appear on reels 4 and 5. Only one Mega may land per reel. Cash values appear on all reels. Higher cash values appear on reels 4 and 5. All Cash Spree™ symbols pay left to right on adjacent reels. Cash Spree™ symbol wins are added to payline wins. Free Spins Symbol Collect Free Spins Symbol for a chance to randomly trigger the Free Spins feature. Collect Free Spins Symbol for a chance to randomly upgrade one, two, or three unique Free Spins Enhancers. Free Spins Symbol cannot upgrade Free Spins Enhancer on a Free Spins triggering spin. If the Free Spins Symbol does not trigger the Free Spins feature, it will accumulate. Free Spins symbols appear on reels 2, 3, and 4. Free Spins Symbol appears in the base game only. Free Spins Enhancers Each Free Spins Enhancer value determines what is awarded in the Free Spins feature. Free Spins Enhancers can only be collected in the base game. Spins Meter: Displays the number of free spins that will be awarded in the Free Spins feature. Free Spins Symbol may randomly increase the number of free spins by 1. Spins Meter will randomly reset from 5 to 8 after Free Spins are complete. Cash Spree™ Multiplier Meter: Displays the Cash Spree™ Multiplier that will be awarded in the Free Spins feature. The Cash Spree™ Multiplier earned in the base game applies to all Cash Spree™ wins in the Free Spins feature except Mega and Major and does not multiply the Cash Spree™ Bonus Meter value. Free Spins symbol may randomly increase Cash Spree™ Multiplier by 1X. Cash Spree™ Multiplier Meter will randomly reset from 1X to 3X after Free Spins are complete. Up to 5X multiplier can be collected. Cash Spree™ Bonus Meter: Displays the bonus value that is awarded on every free spin with a Cash Spree™ win during the Free Spins feature. Free Spins symbol may randomly increase Cash Spree™ Bonus by 1X bet. Maximum Cash Spree™ Bonus value is 20X bet. Cash Spree™ Bonus Meter will randomly reset from 5X to 8X bet after Free Spins are complete. Free Spins Number of free spins, Cash Spree™ Multiplier, and Cash Spree™ Bonus value collected during the base game are awarded in the Free Spins feature. One or more Free Spins Symbols in any position may randomly award Free Spins feature. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. All ways played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Bonus Buy Use the Bonus Buy to purchase Free Spins. The Bonus Buy feature options available are: 2X Multiplier, 5 Free Spins, 6X Cash Spree™ Bonus. 3X Multiplier, 10 Free Spins, 13X Cash Spree™ Bonus. 5X Multiplier, 15 Free Spins, 20X Cash Spree™ Bonus. Features are purchased at the prices displayed. Features are played at the current bet. Bonus Buy is available in base game only. Game Controls Credits: Displays the current balances. Bet: Sets the current bet value. Win: Displays the most recent win. Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Spacebar: Starts a reel spin. Spins are played at the current selected bet. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Spacebar during reel spin stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Selecting the game screen can stop the spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Hold to Turbo Spin: Hold the spin button to enable Turbo Spin. Turbo Spin resolves spins faster and will start the next spin. Turbo Spin ends when the spin button is lifted. This does not influence the results of the spin. Hold spacebar to Turbo Spin: Hold the spacebar to enable Turbo Spin. Turbo Spin resolves spins faster and will start the next spin. Turbo Spin ends when the spacebar is lifted. This does not influence the results of the spin. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Home button: Exits the game. Help button: Displays help and additional information. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Spins are played at the current selected bet. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. This feature is available in base game only. Game Settings Quickspin: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Left-Handed Mode button: Enables left-handed mode. Music: Enables game music. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Startup Screen button: Enables game advertisement on game load. Buy Feature button: Displays the option to purchase the Bonus Buy feature. Bet Settings Bet Value buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Max Bet button: Sets the current bet to the maximum value. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of additional game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired, the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. RTP - 94.2% Last modification date: 9/26/2025