Mad Hatters About Mad Hatters Mad Hatters is a five reel, thirty payline, and three hundred coin slot machine, with: A wild symbol. An expanding wild symbol. A scatter symbol. A Free Spins bonus game. A Cuckoo bonus game. [ top ] Game Payouts Winnings paid out on the slot machine are dependent on the symbols displayed on the payline, once the reels have come to a stop. Regular Payouts All payout tables display the number of coins that are won for each combination. The total number of coins paid out depends on the number of coins you play per payline. Regular wins are calculated by taking the number of coins won, multiplied by the number of coins played per payline. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size you select. For a combination of regular symbols to produce a winning regular combination, the following criteria must be met: The symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. Scatter Symbol Payouts Scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the scatter symbol combination payout by the total number of regular coins bet. Scatter wins are added to regular wins. If you have a scatter win and a regular win, you are paid out for both wins, as the scatter symbol does not need to appear on an enabled payline to win. For a combination of scatter symbols to produce a winning scatter combination, the following criteria must be met: Completes a winning scatter combination when three or more appear on the reels. Cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. Free Spins Bonus Game Payouts You are awarded up to fifty free spins. All wins are doubled during the free spins. The number of symbols that activated the bonus game indicates the number of free spins you win. All the bets and paylines played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. The bonus game cannot be re-activated during the free spins. The Cuckoo bonus game can be activated during the free spins. The Cuckoo bonus game wins are not multiplied during the free spins. Cuckoo Bonus Game Payouts You can win up to 11 100 coins in the bonus game. The number of symbols that activate the bonus game indicates the number of objects you can choose. The wins shown in the bonus game are already multiplied by the number of coins you bet per payline. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. You win the total of all the bonus win amounts revealed. There is no payout for any Cuckoo Clock symbol combination. The Cuckoo bonus game can be activated during the Free Spins bonus game. Game Rules Click the links for more information about the game rules. General Rules You can bet up to ten coins per payline. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. Wild Symbol Rules The Mad Hat symbol is a wild symbol. Does not substitute for the scatter symbol. Does not substitute for the Cuckoo symbol. On reel 3 the wild symbol is an expanding wild symbol. Creates its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear in a line on an enabled payline. Only one winning combination is paid out per payline. If there is more than one possible winning combination on a payline, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. Expanding Wild Symbol Rules The Mad Hat symbol on reel 3 is an expanding wild symbol during the regular slot game and the Free Spins bonus game. The John Mad Hatter symbol, the James Mad Hatter symbol and the Jeff Mad Hatter symbol on reel 3 are expanding wild symbols during the Free Spins bonus game. Does not substitute for the scatter symbol. Does not substitute for the Cuckoo symbol. Only one winning combination is paid out per payline. If there is more than one possible winning combination on a payline, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. Scatter Symbol Rules The Bunny symbol is a scatter symbol. Completes a winning scatter combination when three or more appear on the reels. Cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. Scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the scatter symbol combination payout by the total number of regular coins bet. Scatter wins are added to regular wins. If you have a scatter win and a regular win, you are paid out for both wins, as the scatter symbol does not need to appear on an enabled payline to win. 6. Three or more Bunny symbols scattered on the reels activate the Free Spins bonus game. Free Spins Bonus Game Rules Three or more Bunny symbols scattered on the reels activate the Free Spins bonus game. You are awarded up to fifty free spins. All wins are doubled during the free spins. The number of symbols that activated the bonus game indicates the number of free spins you win. You can choose an extra wild symbol for the free spins. The extra wild symbol, and the regular wild symbol, do not substitute for the Cuckoo Clock symbol and the Bunny symbol. On reel 3 the extra wild symbol and the regular wild symbol are expanding wild symbols. Bonus game wins are added to regular wins. The bonus game cannot be re-activated during the free spins. The Cuckoo bonus game can be activated during the free spins. The Cuckoo bonus game wins are not multiplied during the free spins. Winnings are automatically collected at the end of the bonus game. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. Cuckoo Bonus Game Rules Three or more Cuckoo Clock symbols scattered on consecutive reels activate the Cuckoo bonus game. You can win up to 11 100 coins in the bonus game. You choose objects to reveal random bonus win amounts. The number of symbols that activate the bonus game indicates the number of objects you can choose. The wins shown in the bonus game are already multiplied by the number of coins you bet per payline. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. There is no payout for any Cuckoo Clock symbol combination. Winnings are automatically collected at the end of the bonus game. Bonus game wins are added to regular wins. Betting and Payout Rules Winnings are paid out on the highest combination on each enabled payline only, except for scatter wins. Winning scatter combinations can appear in any position on the reels. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. The symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. All payout table win amounts in PlayCheck are displayed in coins. All payout tables display the number of coins that are won for each combination. The total number of coins paid out depends on the number of coins you play per payline. Regular wins are calculated by taking the number of coins won, multiplied by the number of coins played per payline. Scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the scatter symbol combination payout by the total number of regular coins bet. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size you select. The formula to calculate the conversion of your coins to credits is: number of coins x coin size played = amount in credits. alfunctions void all plays and pays. [ top ] Wild Symbol The Mad Hat symbol is a wild symbol. This symbol: Does not substitute for the scatter symbol. Does not substitute for the Cuckoo symbol. On reel 3 the wild symbol is an expanding wild symbol. Creates its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear in a line on an enabled payline. Expanding wild symbol The Mad Hat symbol on reel 3 is an expanding wild symbol during the regular slot game and the Free Spins bonus game. The John Mad Hatter symbol, the James Mad Hatter symbol and the Jeff Mad Hatter symbol on reel 3 are expanding wild symbols during the Free Spins bonus game. These symbols: Do not substitute for the scatter symbol. Do not substitute for the Cuckoo symbol. Scatter Symbol The Bunny symbol is a scatter symbol. This symbol: Completes a winning scatter combination when three or more appear on the reels. Activates the Free Spins bonus game when three or more appear on the five reels. Cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. Scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the scatter symbol combination payout by the total number of regular coins bet. Free Spins Bonus Game Three or more Bunny symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Free Spins bonus game. In this game: You are awarded up to fifty free spins. All wins are doubled during the free spins. The number of symbols that activated the bonus game indicates the number of free spins you win. All the bets and paylines played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. You can choose an extra wild symbol for the free spins. The extra wild symbol, and the regular wild symbol, do not substitute for the Cuckoo Clock symbol and the Bunny symbol. On reel 3 the extra wild symbol and the regular wild symbol are expanding wild symbols. The bonus game cannot be re-activated during the free spins. The Cuckoo bonus game can be activated during the free spins. The Cuckoo bonus game wins are not multiplied during the free spins. To play the bonus game: Choose a Mad Hatter symbol to act as an extra wild symbol during your free spins. A confirmation screen is displayed with the number of free spins you have won. The reels automatically start spinning the free spins. A confirmation screen is displayed with your total bonus win amount. You are automatically returned to the regular slot game. Cuckoo Bonus Game Three or more Cuckoo Clock symbols scattered on consecutive reels activate the Cuckoo bonus game. In this game: You can win up to 11 100 coins in the bonus game. You choose objects to reveal random bonus win amounts. The Cuckoo clock symbols change, and all other symbols on the reels are disabled. Behind each cuckoo clock is a random bonus win amount. The number of symbols that activate the bonus game indicates the number of objects you can choose. The wins shown in the bonus game are already multiplied by the number of coins you bet per payline. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. You win the total of all the bonus win amounts revealed. There is no payout for any Cuckoo Clock symbol combination. The Cuckoo bonus game can be activated during the Free Spins bonus game. To play the bonus game: Click a cuckoo clock. A random bonus amount is revealed. Click Back to Game . You are automatically returned to the regular slot game. Playing the game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form a winning combination on the payline. The payout is dependent on the winning combination formed. To play: 1. Select the number of paylines you want to play. How? Click a line number to select the number of paylines you want to bet. To increase the number of paylines you want to bet, click Select Lines . 2. Place a bet. How? Click Increase (+) or Decrease (-) to select the coin size you want to bet. To increase the number of coins you want to bet, click Select Coins . To bet the maximum number of coins permitted, click Bet Max . The number of coins bet increases to the maximum and the game automatically starts playing. 3. Click Spin . The reels start spinning. If you have a winning combination lined up on the payline, the win is highlighted on the reels. You are paid out the win amount as displayed in the Win box. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. [ top ] AutoPlay, Options and Statistics You can change options and view statistics for games using the Options or Statistics buttons. You can also spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game, using AutoPlay or AutoSpin. In some games AutoPlay is available in Expert mode only. How do I turn on Expert mode? 1. Click Expert . The Expert mode features are activated, such as AutoPlay. How do I use AutoPlay? 1. Select a bet amount. You must select a bet amount before you start the AutoPlay session, as AutoPlay plays with the last bet value. 2. If the game has Expert mode, click Expert . 3. Click AutoPlay . In some games you cannot set the number of spins to play in the AutoPlay session, so clicking this button starts AutoPlay that continues until you click Stop . In other games this button enables you to choose the number of spins you want to play and your stop options. Once you have configured these options, click Start to begin your AutoPlay session. What options do I have in Autoplay? AutoPlay options differ between games. Your game may not have all of these options. AutoPlay Options Number of spins Set the number of times the slot reels spins during your A utoPlay session. Number of seconds between spins Set the delay between AutoPlay spins. Until stop Continue Autoplay until you click the Stop button. Stop if a winexceeds or equals Stop spins if the number of credits won on any spin exceeds or equals the amount selected. Stop once all spins are complete Stop after playing the number of reel spins selected. Stop when jackpot is won Stop spins if the Jackpot is won. Stop on any win Stop the session if you win on a spin Stop if credits increase by Stop the session if the number of credits increases by the amount selected. Stop if credits decrease by Stop the session if the number of credits decreases by the amount selected. Stop on a feature Stops if Free Spins or another bonus feature is triggered. Start AutoPlay without showing this dialog Start future sessions without viewing the AutoPlay settings, using your saved settings or the default settings. How do I change game options? Click O ptions . Choose the required settings. Click O K . What are the options settings? Game options differ between games. Your game may not have all of these options. Quick Spin Increases the speed of the Slot reel spin so your results are displayed quicker. Quick Spin in Free Spins Increases the speed of the Slot reel spin so your results are displayed quicker Switch off Gamble feature Disables the Gamble feature during the Slot game Allow Gamble Enables the Gamble feature during the Slot game. Sound Settings Displays the sound options. Switch off Cinematic Spins Plays a selection of video clips in the background during reel spins. Graphics Displays the game graphics with basic or enhanced effects. High quality effects Plays the game with or without high quality effects. Hide Respin Cost Shows or hides the respin cost when you position your mouse pointer over a Respin button. Reel Stopping Order Displays the reel stopping order options. Balance, Bet and Win Values Displays these values for the game you are playing, in coins or credits. Enable 3D Stereo Enables you to toggle between 3D mode and Standard mode Edit Avatar You can add an Avatar image, or edit an existing Avatar image How do I see game statistics? Statistics only apply to the current game session. When you exit the game, the statistics reset to zero. Click Statistics (%) . View your current Game Play Statistics. Click O K . What statistics can I view? Spin Results Displays the number of spins played during the current game session, the length of your game session, and the average number of spins per hour Highest Wins Displays the highest three win amounts during the current game session. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000.