Solar Wilds About Solar Wilds Solar Wilds is a five reel and ten payline slot machine, including: Regular symbols Wild symbol Wild Respin feature General The number of credits bet per payline is your total bet per spin divided by the number of paylines. All paylines are permanently enabled for every spin. All paytables display the number of credits that are won for each combination. Only one regular winning combination is paid out per payline and direction. You are paid out the value of the highest win per direction. Bonus wins are added to regular wins. If you have a winning combination, the win is highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. Regular symbols Matching symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right and right-to-left. Regular payouts depend on your bet per payline. Wild symbol This symbol substitutes for other symbols to complete wins. This symbol only appears on reels 2, 3 and 4. This symbol does not create its own win. This symbol activates the Wild Respin feature. Wild Respin feature Wild symbols that display on the reels expand into wild reels and you are awarded 1 respin. If any additional wild symbols land on the reels as a result of the respin, they expand and award another 1 respin. If multiple wild symbols display on the reels on the same spin they expand, but award only 1 respin. Wild reels are held for the duration of the feature. Winnings are automatically collected during the feature. AutoPlay AutoPlay enables you to automatically play a set number of consecutive games without interacting with the game. AutoPlay plays with the last bet value you selected, so you must select a bet amount before starting AutoPlay. Each game has different options and AutoPlay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. The number of spins remaining in your AutoPlay session is displayed in the game. In some games AutoPlay is available in Expert mode only. To start AutoPlay: If the game has Expert mode, select Expert . Select a bet amount. Select and hold Spin or select AutoPlay . In some games this starts the session and it continues until you tap Stop . Select your AutoPlay options. Select Start AutoPlay , Start , Play or Spin . Select Stop to end AutoPlay. Selecting this button does not influence the results of the spin. AutoPlay Options AutoPlay options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. Number of spins Set the number of spins you want to play. Number of seconds between spins Set the delay between AutoPlay spins. Bet settings Set the bet amount you want to play. Until stop Set the session to play until you select to stop. This does not influence the results of the spin. Stop if a win exceeds or equals Stop the session if the win exceeds or equals the amount selected. Win Limit or If win at least Stop the session if the win exceeds or equals the amount selected. Loss Limit or If amount drops by Stop the session if your balance decreases and drops below or equals the amount selected. Stop once all spins are complete Stop after playing the number of spins selected. Stop when jackpot is won Stop spins if the Jackpot is won. Stop on any win Stop the session if you win on a spin. Stop if credits increase by Stop the session if your balance increases and exceeds or equals the amount selected. Stop if credits decrease by Stop the session if your balance decreases and drops below or equals the amount selected. Stop on a feature Stops if Free Spins or another bonus feature is activated. Start AutoPlay without showing this dialog Start future sessions without viewing the AutoPlay settings, using your saved settings or the default settings. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed, and does not change. This game has an RTP of 96.27%. Change my bet amount The Bet button displays your bet options. Bet options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. Bet Options Bet Value Selects the bet value you want to bet per spin. Max Bet or Max Places the maximum bet permitted. Min Bet or Min Places the minimum bet permitted. Game controls Item Description Balance box Displays your casino balances. Bet box Displays your total bet amount per spin. Page 4 of 5 Copyright © Microgaming 2021 - Confidential - Item Description Bet button Displays your bet options. You can change your total bet amount. Menu button Displays a menu of general system and game options. For example: Paytable - Displays the game payout tables. Spin button Starts the game. Depending on your game, pressing the space bar may also start or stop the game. AutoPlay button Displays the AutoPlay options where you can select to spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game. Home button Closes the game. Each game has different options and AutoPlay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. The maximum win from a single game is €100.000 . Last modification date: 3/17/2021