Serengeti Pride About this Game Welcome to Serengeti Pride. This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. This game has 25 lines. It features HYPERHOLD™ and Serengeti Free Spins. General Win on a line pays if in succession from the leftmost to the rightmost position according to the PAYTABLE. Only the highest win per line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different lines are added. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except Free Spins symbols and Bonus symbols. Wild symbols substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a line according to the PAYTABLE. Bonus symbols only pay out in HYPERHOLD™. Free Spins and HYPERHOLD™ cannot trigger in the same spin. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The theoretical return to player (RTP) is 94.08% Serengeti Free Spins 3 Free Spins symbols trigger the Free Spins wheel. Free Spins symbols can only appear on reels 1, 3, and 5 in the base game and in Free Spins. The wheel will spin once and award a single wedge containing a number of Free Spins and a multiplier according to the PAYTABLE. All line wins during Free Spins will be multiplied by the wheel multiplier. Landing 3 Free Spins symbols award an additional number of Free Spins. The number of additional Free Spins is equal to the initial number awarded from the wheel at the same multiplier level. Retriggering Free Spins does not retrigger the wheel. The last bet placed in the game is used as the Free Spins bet amount. Winnings are automatically collected during Free Spins. It is not possible to trigger Free Spins within HYPERHOLD™. HYPERHOLD™ 6 or more Bonus symbols anywhere on the reels trigger this feature. Bonus symbol appears in base game and HYPERHOLD™ only. The feature awards 3 Respins. The triggering Bonus symbols from the base game will remain in place at the start of HYPERHOLD™. Bonus symbols that land remain in place and the Respin counter resets to 3. The HYPERHOLD™ feature is played with 15 independent reels. Only Bonus symbols and blank spaces appear on the reels. Each Bonus symbol is allocated a random multiplier value. The multiplier values allocated are 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, 10x, 12x, 15x, 18x, 20x, Mini, Major. The Mini prize awards a 30x multiplier value. The Major prize awards a 100x multiplier value. The Mega prize awards a 2500x multiplier value and the collected win amount when all 15 reels are filled with Bonus symbols. The multiplier values are multiplied by your current bet. Line wins, if any, are paid out before the feature begins. The feature ends when there are no more Respins or if the Mega prize is awarded. The last bet you placed in the game is used as the feature bet amount. Winnings are automatically collected at the end of the feature. It is not possible to trigger HYPERHOLD™ within Free Spins. Game Terms Translations The following list is only applicable in a language other than English SERENGETI PRIDE - SERENGETI PRIDE BONUS - BONUS FREE SPINS - FREE SPINS HYPERHOLD™ - HYPERHOLD™ SERENGETI FREE SPINS - SERENGETI FREE SPINS WILD - WILD MULTIPLIER - MULTIPLIER 25 LINES - 25 LINES RESPIN / RESPINS - RESPIN / RESPINS MINI - MINI MAJOR - MAJOR MEGA - MEGA LAST RESPIN - LAST RESPIN BIG WIN - BIG WIN MEGA WIN - MEGA WIN EPIC WIN - EPIC WIN JUST FOR THE WIN - JUST FOR THE WIN Game Controls Autoplay settings: Select a number of spins to auto play by selecting a value. Start and stop the Autoplay by pressing the spin button. Balance field: Displays the current account balance. Bet field: Displays the current bet size. Bet settings: Change the bet size by selecting a value. Win field: Displays the pay in a winning round. Spin Button: Start the game with the current bet size as displayed in the bet field. Clicking or tapping anywhere on the reels during a spin displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Game Menu Advanced settings: Navigate to the Responsible Gaming pages. Advanced settings: Open the Advanced Settings menu. Advanced settings: Turn Quick Spin on or off. Banking: Navigate to the Banking pages. Lobby: Navigate back to the lobby. Menu button: Displays additional game options. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Sound settings: Turn sound on or off. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Autoplay Settings Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Last modification date: 2/23/2022