Gold collector About this Game ´üČ This is a 5 reel 4 row video slot game. ´üČ The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. ´üČ Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Payline Rules ´üČ This game includes 50 paylines. ´üČ The number of paylines played is fixed. ´üČ A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. ´üČ A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. ´üČ Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Bet Rules ´üČ Each spin played costs a total bet amount. ´üČ The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the payline cost of 10. Payout Rules ´üČ Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. ´üČ The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. ´üČ The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. ´üČ The total payout is the sum of all payline wins resulting from a spin. ´üČ If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. ´üČ The win up to value displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. Wild Symbols ´üČ Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. ´üČ Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Scatters and Coin symbols. ´üČ Wilds appear on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. ´üČ This symbol does not have a payout. Scatter Symbols ´üČ Scatters appear on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. ´üČ This symbol does not have a payout. HYPERHOLDÔäó Feature ´üČ The feature can trigger in base game and Free Spins. ´üČ 3 or more Coin symbols anywhere on the reels trigger this feature. ´üČ Only reels with triggering Coin symbols participate in the feature. ´üČ 3 free respins are awarded for each participating reel. ´üČ Each participating reel has an individual spin counter. ´üČ Only Coin symbols and blank reel symbol spaces appear on the reels. ´üČ Triggering Coin symbols are held in place while all other symbol positions respin. ´üČ Any additional Coin symbols that land are held, and reset the remaining respins to 3. ´üČ Each Coin symbol is allocated a random multiplier value. ´üČ The multiplier values allocated are 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, 10x, 12x, 15x, 20x. ´üČ The multiplier values are multiplied by total bet. ´üČ Prizes are awarded in addition to other prizes when all positions on that reel are filled with Coin symbols. ´üČ Each reel includes a Prize above it. ´üČ Reel 1 awards the Mini Prize, this Prize awards 10x total bet. ´üČ Reel 2 awards the Minor Prize, this Prize awards 20x total bet. ´üČ Reel 3 awards the Maxi Prize, this Prize awards 50x total bet. ´üČ Reel 4 awards the Major Prize, this Prize awards 100x total bet. ´üČ Reel 5 awards the Grand Prize, this Prize awards 1000x total bet. ´üČ The feature ends when no respins remain on any participating reel or when all participating reels are filled with Coin symbols. ´üČ All Coin prizes are awarded at the end of the feature. Free Spins ´üČ 3 Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels trigger this feature. ´üČ 8 Free Spins are awarded. ´üČ Free Spins can be retriggered. ´üČ Free Spins play out automatically. ´üČ Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. ´üČ All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. ´üČ All lines played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Bet Settings ´üČ Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. ´üČ Bet Amount: Sets the current bet value. Game Controls ´üČ Spin button: Starts a reel spin. ´üČ Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. ´üČ Pressing the Spin button during AutoPlay ends the current Autoplay session. ´üČ Balance: Displays the current balances. ´üČ Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. ´üČ Bet: Displays the current total bet. ´üČ Win: Displays the most recent win. ´üČ Home button: Exits the game. ´üČ Menu button: Displays additional game options. Additional Information ´üČ Some settings and features may not be available in this game. ´üČ Malfunction voids all pays and plays. ´üČ In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. ´üČ The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. ´üČ The results of the last game played are displayed. ´üČ If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. ´üČ Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Return to Player ´üČ The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. ´üČ This value is fixed and does not change. ´üČ This game has an RTP of 96.40%. Last modification date: 5/27/2021