Lucky Twins Link and Win About this Game This is a 5 reel 4 row video slot game. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. Payline Rules This game includes 40 paylines. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. The number of paylines played is fixed. Only the highest win is paid per line. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed, multiplied by the cost of the paylines played. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the payline cost of 20. Payout Rules Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. Wild Symbols Wild symbols can create their own winning combination when landing in a payline combination. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Scatter and Coin symbols. Wild symbols can substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Scatter Symbols Scatters can create their own winning combination when landing anywhere on the reels. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. This symbol appears in base game only. Power Stacks™ Feature This feature triggers on every normal spin in base game and Free Spins. Symbols can be randomly Power Stacked on a spin. Power Stacked symbols are added to all reels. All symbols except Scatters and Wilds can be Power Stacked in base game. Only Wild and Coin symbols can be Power Stacked in Free Spins. Link ™ Feature 6 or more Coin symbols anywhere on the reels trigger this feature. 3 free respins are awarded. Triggering Coin symbols are held in place while all other symbol positions respin. Any additional Coins that land are held, and reset the remaining respins to 3. Each Coin displays a random multiplier value. The multiplier values allocated are 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 8x, 10x, 12x, 15x. The GRAND prize awards a 5 000x multiplier value. The MAJOR prize awards a 1 000x multiplier value. The MINOR prize awards a 100x multiplier value. The MINI prize awards a 40x multiplier value. The prize values displayed are multiplied by the total bet. Filling all 20 symbol positions will award the GRAND cash prize. All Coin prizes are awarded at the end of the feature. The feature ends when either no respins remain or when the 20 symbol positions are filled. The feature can be triggered during base game and Free Spins. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered the feature. Free Spins 3, 4 or 5 Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels trigger 10 Free Spins. Wild or Coin symbols are Power Stacked on every Free Spin. Free Spins cannot be retriggered. Free Spins play out automatically. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. All lines played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Game Controls Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Stop button: Stops the current reel spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Balance: Displays the current balances. Win: Displays the most recent win. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Spin Settings button: Displays additional spin options. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Autoplay stop button: Ends the current Autoplay session. Quickspin button: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Game Menu Menu button: Displays additional game options. Close button: Closes the game menu. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Paytable button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Bet button: Displays options to change the current bet. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Banking button: Displays the banking page. Home button: Exits the game. Game Settings Quickspin: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Bet Settings Coins Per Line: Sets the number of coins to bet per line. Coin Size: Sets the coin value. Quick Bet buttons: Sets the current bet to the selected value. Autoplay Settings Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. This feature is available in base game only. Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Free Games A Free Games offer is a number of free game spins awarded to a player. Each offer has a unique reference number. The bet configuration is set by the game managers and cannot be changed. Wins are added to the cash or bonus balance, depending on the offer. An offer can be played now, played later, or discarded. Select Play Now to begin playing a Free Games offer. Only one Free Game offer can be played at a time. Select Play Later to postpone the offer. A postponed offer will be available again when re-entering the game. Select the Bin icon to discard the Free Games. A discarded offer can only be re-opened by contacting the game managers and providing the reference number. When an offer is complete, discarded, or expired the next available offer is displayed. Each offer has an expiry date and time; if an offer is not played before this time, it will no longer be available. Select the Information icon to view bet information and the offer expiry date and time. This feature is only available in selected games. Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any changes to game rules will be conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. The balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last game played are displayed. If a request does not reach the server before disconnection, the results of the previous game played are displayed. Any features in progress that require interaction or selection can be continued. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Values are calculated initially by dividing the total possible payouts by the total possible outcomes that are available within the game. Values reflect the maximum expected return and do not change. Overall RTP: 94.24%. Last modification date: 11/16/2022