Arena of Gold Arena of Gold is a five reel and twenty-five payline slot machine, including: Regular symbols Wild symbol Scatter symbol Free Spins bonus game Golden Re-Spins™ feature General Your bet is dependent on the number of coins and coin size played. The total number of credits bet per spin is your credits bet multiplied by the bet multiplier. Only the total number of credits bet per spin is displayed in the game. A bet multiplier of 10 applies per spin. For example, 2 coins bet per payline x 0.20 coins size = 0.40 credits bet per payline x 10 bet multiplier = 4 total credits bet per spin. All paylines are permanently enabled for every spin. All paytables display the number of credits that are won for each combination. Only one regular winning combination is paid out per payline and you are paid out the value of the highest win. Only one scatter winning combination is paid out per spin and you are paid out the value of the highest win. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. If you have a winning combination, the win is highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. Regular symbols Matching symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, starting from the first slot reel. Regular payouts depend on your bet per payline. Wild symbol This symbol substitutes for other symbols to complete wins. This symbol creates its own winning combination. This symbol does not substitute for the scatter symbol and coin symbol. Scatter symbol This symbol does not need to appear in a line on a payline to win. This symbol cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. This symbol only appears on reels 1, 3 and 5 in the base game. Golden Re-Spins™ feature Only coin symbols and blank reel symbol spaces appear on the reels. Each coin is allocated a random multiplier value. The multiplier values allocated are 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, 10x, 12x, 15x, 16x, 18x, 20x, 30x, 100x. The mini jackpot awards a 30x multiplier value. The mega jackpot awards a 100x multiplier value. The maxi jackpot is awarded when all 15 reel symbol spaces are filled with coins. You are awarded a 1000x multiplier value and the collected win amount. The multiplier values are multiplied by your current bet. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. You are awarded 3 respins. If additional coin symbols land on the reels as a result of the respin the counter resets to 3. The feature ends: After 3 respins with no coin symbols landing on the reels. All 15 symbol positions are filled. The last bet you placed in the game is used as the feature bet amount. Winnings are automatically collected at the end of the feature. Free Spins bonus game Reels 2, 3 and 4 are merged into one big symbol. Each symbol position on the big symbol still counts as a symbol, except for the scatter symbol. The scatter symbol only counts as one symbol if it is displayed as a big symbol. If three scatters appear on the reels, you are awarded additional three free spins. The last bet you placed in the game is used as the free spins bet amount. Winnings are automatically collected during the free spins. AutoPlay AutoPlay enables you to automatically play a set number of consecutive games without interacting with the game. In some games AutoPlay is available in Expert mode only. AutoPlay plays with the last bet value you selected, so you must select a bet amount before starting AutoPlay. Each game has different options and AutoPlay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. The number of spins remaining in your AutoPlay session is displayed in the game. What do you want to do? Learn about AutoPlay options AutoPlay options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. AutoPlay Options Number of spins Set the number of spins you want to play. Number of seconds between spins Set the delay between AutoPlay spins. Until stop Set the session to play until you select to stop. This does not influence the results of the spin. Stop if a win exceeds or equals Stop the session if the win exceeds or equals the amount selected. Win Limit or If win at least Stop the session if the win exceeds or equals the amount selected. Loss Limit or If amount drops by Stop the session if your balance decreases and drops below or equals the amount selected. Stop once all spins are complete Stop after playing the number of spins selected. Stop when jackpot is won Stop spins if the Jackpot is won. Stop on any win Stop the session if you win on a spin. Stop if credits increase by Stop the session if your balance increases and exceeds or equals the amount selected. Stop if credits decrease by Stop the session if your balance decreases and drops below or equals the amount selected. Stop on a feature Stops if Free Spins or another bonus feature is activated. Start AutoPlay without showing this Start future sessions without viewing the dialog AutoPlay settings, using your saved settings or the default settings. Start AutoPlay If the game has Expert mode, click Expert . Click a bet amount. Click AutoPlay . In some games this starts the session and it continues until you click Stop . Click your AutoPlay Click Start or Start AutoPlay . Click Stop to end AutoPlay. Clicking this button does not influence the results of the spin. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed, and does not change. This game has an RTP of 96.20%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Change my bet amount The Bet button displays your bet options. Bet options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. Bet Options Bet Value Selects the bet value you want to bet per spin. Max Bet or Max Places the maximum bet permitted. Min Bet or Min Places the minimum bet permitted. Game Controls Item Description Balance box Displays your Casino balances. Bet box Displays your total bet amount per spin. Bet button Displays your bet options. You can change your total bet amount. Menu button Displays a menu of general system and game options. For example: Paytable - Displays the game payout tables. Spin button Starts the game. Depending on your game, pressing the space bar may also start or stop the game. AutoPlay button Displays the AutoPlay options where you can select to spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game. Home button Closes the game. Each game has different options and AutoPlay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. Last modification date: 12/8/2020