Double Jackpot Gems Grand Wheel Progressive Jackpots Top Progressive is available only at max bet. Progressive prize winning symbol combinations may appear in any order on the reels. Progressive prizes are not multiplied by the Double Jackpot (Diamond) symbol. 2x Wild Diamonds Diamond, Ruby, and Amethyst symbols are wild and substitute for Seven and Bar symbols that also land on the active payline. One Diamond symbol in a winning Sevens or Bars combination pays 2x prize value. Two Diamond symbols in a winning Sevens or Bars combination pays 4x prize value. Diamond, Ruby, and Amethyst symbols are not wild to trigger the Grand Wheel Bonus. Only highest winner paid per line. Grand Wheel Bonus 3 wheels landing on an active payline trigger the Grand Wheel Bonus and award one wheel spin with a multiplier of 1. Press the "Play" button to initiate the wheel spin. The wheel contains credit prizes, 2x Spin Slices, and a Grand Progressive Slice. Refer to wheel for available credit prizes. The 2x Spin Slice doubles the multiplier to a maximum of 8x and awards an additional wheel spin. The maximum number of wheels spins is 4. Credit prizes are multiplied by the current multiplier. The Grand Progressive Slice is only available on the first wheel spin. At less than max bet, 5000 credits will be awarded for the Grand Progressive Slice. Wheels only appear in conjunction with other symbols. The Grand Wheel Bonus cannot occur on the same spin as a progressive. Progressive tiers are funded by a percentage of all wagers. PAYLINES Additional Information MENU Press to open and close game settings and view game information. BET Press to access Bet Settings without opening the Menu. AUTO SPIN Press to access Auto Spin settings without opening the Menu. SPIN Press to start playing with the current bet settings. Or, if applicable, press Space Bar to start playing with the current bet settings. Quick Stop: Press again to quick stop the reels. SOUND Press to enable or disable Sound. SETTINGS Press to access game Settings. BET SETTINGS Press to access Bet Settings. PAYS / HELP Press to view game pay and help information. RECALL Press to view game history. Game will automatically complete after 24-48 hours if left in a feature. Line wins must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. All wins occur on active lines. Wins on multiple active paylines are added together. Only highest winner paid when centered on payline. Payoffs on registered credits only. Different reels used by lines bet. Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 4/1/2025