Shamrock Spin Game Rules SPECIAL SYMBOLS All Shamrock Spin symbols are wild and substitute for Seven and Bar symbols that also land on the active payline. Only highest winner paid per line. MAX BET At Max Bet, the paytable values apply to all pays except 3 Shamrock Spin symbols landing on the active payline during Free Spins, which awards 4000 credits. FREE SPINS Available at Max Bet only. Free Spins are triggered by any Shamrock Spin symbol landing scattered on the active payline. The number of Free Spins awarded is equal to the total of the numbers shown on the Shamrock Spin symbols that land on the active payline. Maximum initial number of Free Spins is 9. Free Spins are retriggered by any Shamrock Spin symbol landing scattered on the active payline. Maximum total number of Free Spins is 29. PAYLINES ADDITIONAL INFORMATION MENU Press to open and close game settings and view game information. BET Press to access Bet Settings without opening the Menu. AUTO SPIN Press to access Auto Spin settings without opening the Menu. SPIN Press to start playing with the current bet settings. Or, if applicable, press Space Bar to start playing with the current bet settings. Quick Stop: Press again to quick stop the reels. LOBBY Press to return to Lobby. SOUND Press to enable or disable Sound. SETTINGS Press to access game Settings. BET SETTINGS Press to access Bet Settings. PAYS / HELP Press to view game pay and help information. RECALL Press to view game history. Game will automatically complete after 24 - 72 hours if left in a feature. Line wins must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. All wins occur on active lines. Wins on multiple active paylines are added together. Only highest winner paid per line. Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. © 2019 Everi Games, Inc. All rights reserved. All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of Everi in the U.S. and/or other countries. Shamrock Spin - 1.1.140-1 RTP 96% Last modification date: 3/1/2021