Blazin' Ice High Limit BONUS MULTIPLIERS Multipliers multiply winning combinations except progressives. Two or more multipliers on a payline multiply together and multiply the winning combination. The maximum total multiplier for a winning combination is 30X. 2X multipliers are available on 777, 77, 7, Double BAR, and Single BAR symbols. 3X multipliers are available on 7 and Single BAR symbols. 5X multipliers are available on 777, 77 and Double BAR symbols. Symbol Triggered Progressives The Diamond symbol is a scattered symbol. Progressives are available at max bet only. Only the highest triggered scatter pay is paid per spin. 5 or more scattered Diamond or Blazin' Ice symbols trigger the progressive jackpot. 9 Diamond symbols award the Top progressive at max bet. At less than max bet, 5 or more scattered Diamond or Blazin' Ice symbols award flat credit prizes which are multiplied by the total credits bet. Diamond symbols only contribute to scatter pay combinations. Blazin' Ice symbols can contribute to scatter pays and payline combinations. Blazin' Ice symbols can simultaneously contribute to winning scatter pays and multiple winning payline combinations. Progressive tiers are funded by a percentage of all wagers for the progressive games. PAYLINES: ADDITIONAL INFORMATION MENU Press to open and close game settings and view game information. BET Press to access Bet Settings without opening the Menu. AUTO SPIN Press to access Auto Spin settings without opening the Menu. SPIN Press to start playing with the current bet settings. Or, if applicable, press Space Bar to start playing with the current bet settings. Quick Stop: Press again to quick stop the reels. SOUND Press to enable or disable Sound. LOBBY Press to return to Lobby SETTINGS Press to access game Settings. BET SETTINGS Press to access Bet Settings. PAYS / HELP Press to view game pay and help information. RECALL Press to view game history. Game will automatically complete after 24 - 48 hours if left in a feature. Line wins must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. All wins occur on active lines. Wins on multiple active paylines are added together. Only highest winner paid per line. Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 9/9/2025