Super Dragon SYMBOL TRIGGERED PROGRESSIVE Symbol triggered progressives are available at any bet. Each progressive tier shares a contribution pool between all bet levels. Super Dragon Jackpot symbol is a scatter symbol. When 6 or more Super Dragon Jackpot symbols land scattered on the reels, the corresponding progressive tier is locked-in and awarded. Only the highest triggered progressive jackpot tier is paid per spin. A symbol triggered progressive cannot be triggered on the same spin as a Ways win, the Super Dragon Wheel Bonus or Progressive Wheel Bonus. The odds of winning a symbol triggered progressive vary as the bet level increases. Progressive tiers are funded by a percentage of all wagers. WILD SYMBOLS The Wild symbol only appears on columns 2, 3, or 4. PROGRESSIVE WHEEL BONUS On any non-winning base game spin, one or more scattered Wild symbols will send a coin to the coin pot area above the reels which may randomly trigger the Progressive Wheel Bonus. The accumulation of coins in the coin pot is for entertainment purposes only and has no effect on the odds of triggering the Progressive Wheel Bonus. Upon entering the Progressive Wheel Bonus, press the "PLAY" button or touch the screen to spin both the outer and inner wheel. The outer wheel will land first on a progressive tier which is locked in but not awarded. The inner wheel will then land on either Upgrade or Award. Award will reward the progressive tier and end the Progressive Wheel Bonus. If the inner wheel lands on Upgrade, the locked in progressive tier and all lower tiers are removed from the wheel for the remainder of the bonus and the player will spin again. Prior to the next spin, the locked in Upgrade slice will transform into an Award slice, and then both wheels will spin again. The wheels can spin up to 4 times. If the outer wheel lands on the Super slice, then the inner wheel cannot land on an Upgrade slice. The coin pot animations are for display purposes only and have no effect on triggering the Progressive Wheel Bonus. The Progressive Wheel Bonus cannot be triggered on the same spin as a symbol triggered progressive or Super Dragon Wheel Bonus. Odds of triggering the Progressive Wheel Bonus vary as bet level increases. SUPER DRAGON WHEEL BONUS Super Dragon Wheel Bonus symbol is a scatter symbol. On any non-winning base game spin, six or more Super Dragon Wheel Bonus symbols landing scattered on the reels triggers the Super Dragon Wheel Bonus. The wheel contains credit slices with values ranging from 200 to 20,000 credits multiplied by bet multiplier. One spin is awarded during the Super Dragon Wheel Bonus. Upon triggering the Super Dragon Wheel Bonus, the wheel will animate to display in green the number of slices that will be awarded after the spin. Six Super Dragon Wheel Bonus symbols will reveal 1 winning slice. For each additional triggering symbol over six an additional wheel slice is awarded. The maximum number of winning slices is 10. After revealing the number of slices, press the "PLAY" button or touch the screen to spin the wheel. When the wheel lands, the player will be awarded the sum of all values within the green glowing section of the wheel. Credit values on the wheel are already multiplied by bet multiplier. The Super Dragon Wheel Bonus, Progressive Wheel Bonus, and symbol triggered progressive cannot be triggered on the same spin. Odds of triggering the Super Dragon Wheel Bonus vary as bet level increases. Malfunction voids all pays and plays Last modification date: 1/15/2025