Crystal Star Platinum GAME RULES FIXED MULTIPLIER SYMBOLS Certain Seven and Bar symbols display a 2X, 3X, or 5X Multiplier. Multipliers multiply winning combinations they appear in. Two or more Multipliers on an active payline multiply together and multiply the winning combination. 2X Multiplier appears on a 7 symbol, a 77 symbol, a 777 symbol, a Single Bar symbol, and a Double Bar symbol. 3X Multiplier appears on a 7 symbol and a Single Bar symbol. 5X Multiplier appears on a 77 symbol, a 777 symbol, and a Double Bar symbol. SYMBOL TRIGGERED PROGRESSIVES Progressives are available at max bet only. Progressive triggering symbols must land on active paylines to award progressives. During the base game, at max bet, when three Crystal Star symbols land on payline 9, the top base game progressive is awarded. When three Crystal Star symbols land on paylines 1 to 8, the bottom base game progressive is awarded. During the Platinum Spins Bonus, at max bet, when three Crystal Star symbols land on payline 9, the top Platinum Spin Progressive is awarded. When three Crystal Star symbols land on paylines 1 to 8, the bottom Platinum Spin Progressive is awarded. At less than max bet, flat prizes are awarded. Prizes are multiplied by bet multiplier. During base game, three Crystal Star symbols on payline 9 awards 2,000 credits and three Crystal Star symbols on payline 1 to 8 awards 200 credits. During Platinum Spins, three Crystal Star symbols on payline 9 awards 5,000 credits and three Crystal Star symbols on payline 1 to 8 awards 700 credits. Progressive tiers are funded by a percentage of all wagers. PLATINUM SPINS When the Platinum Spins symbol lands on reel 3, the Platinum Spins bonus triggers, awarding 3 free spins. During the Platinum Spins bonus, the Platinum Spins Jackpots become available, and the Base Game Jackpots become unavailable. Landing the Platinum Spins symbol on reel 3 during the Platinum Spins bonus awards an additional 3 free spins. The maximum number of free spins is 30. Reels are weighted differently during the Platinum Spins bonus. CRYSTAL STAR SYMBOL The Crystal Star symbol is wild and substitutes in winning Seven or Bar symbol combinations when appearing on an active payline. Only highest winner paid per line. Wild symbols do not substitute for Multipliers or the Platinum Spins symbol. PAYLINES MENU Press to open and close game settings and view game information. BET Press to access Bet Settings without opening the Menu. AUTO SPIN Press to access Auto Spin settings without opening the Menu. SPIN Press to start playing with the current bet settings. Or, if applicable, press Space Bar to start playing with the current bet settings. Quick Stop: Press again to quick stop the reels. SOUND Press to enable or disable Sound. SETTINGS Press to access game Settings. BET SETTINGS Press to access Bet Settings. PAYS / HELP Press to view game pay and help information. Game will automatically complete after 24-48 hours if left in a feature. Payoffs on registered credits only. Line wins must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Wins on multiple active paylines are added together. Only highest winner paid per line. Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. Different reels used by lines bet. Different reels used at max bet. Last modification date: 8/14/2024