Double Black Diamond SPECIAL SYMBOLS BONUS MULTIPLIERS Bonus multipliers multiply winning combinations, except progressives or flat prizes. Two or more bonus multipliers on an active payline multiply together and multiply the winning combination. 2X bonus multipliers are available on 777, 77, Double Bar, and Single Bar symbols. 3X bonus multipliers are available on 7 and Single Bar symbols. 5X bonus multipliers are available on 777, 77, Double Bar, and Single Bar symbols. BLACK DIAMOND SYMBOL The Black Diamond symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols, except for bonus multipliers and the 2X Black Diamond symbol, to make winning combinations. 2X BLACK DIAMOND SYMBOL The 2X Black Diamond symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols, except for bonus multipliers and the Black Diamond symbol, to make winning combinations. One 2X Black Diamond symbol pays 2X the winning combination, except for flat prizes and progressives. Two 2X Black Diamond symbols pay 4X the winning combination, except for flat prizes and progressives. 2X Black Diamond symbols and bonus multipliers on an active payline multiply together and multiply the winning combinations. SYMBOL TRIGGERED PROGRESSIVES Progressives are available at max bet only. Progressive triggering symbols must land on an active payline to award progressives. Only the highest triggered progressive is paid per spin. When three 2X Black Diamond symbols land on an active payline, the top tier progressive is awarded. When two 2X Black Diamond symbols and one Black Diamond symbol land in any order on an active payline, the second tier progressive is awarded. When one 2X Black Diamond symbol and two Black Diamond symbols land in any order on an active payline, the third tier progressive is awarded. When three Black Diamond symbols land on an active payline, the bottom tier progressive is awarded. Progressive prizes are not multiplied by 2X Black Diamond symbols. 2X Black Diamond and Black Diamond symbols on an active payline, will pay only the progressive tier for the respective combination. At less than max bet, flat prizes are awarded. Triggering symbols must land on an active payline to award. Flat prizes are multiplied by bet multiplier. Only the highest triggered flat prize is paid per spin. When three 2X Black Diamond symbols land, 7,000 credits are awarded. When two 2X Black Diamond symbols and a Black Diamond symbol land in any order, 1,500 credits are awarded. When a 2X Black Diamond symbol and two Black Diamond symbols land in any order, 500 credits are awarded. When three Black Diamond symbols land, 200 credits are awarded. Flat prizes are not multiplied by 2X Black Diamond symbols. 2X Black Diamond and Black Diamond symbols on an active payline will pay only the flat prize for the respective combination. Progressive tiers are funded by a percentage of all wagers. PAYLINES Additional Information MENU Press to open and close game settings and view game information. BET Press to access Bet Settings without opening the Menu. AUTO SPIN Press to access Auto Spin settings without opening the Menu. SPIN Press to start playing with the current bet settings. Or, if applicable, press Space Bar to start playing with the current bet settings. Quick Stop: Press again to quick stop the reels. SOUND Press to enable or disable Sound. SETTINGS Press to access game Settings. BET SETTINGS Press to access Bet Settings. PAYS / HELP Press to view game pay and help information. RECALL Press to view game history. Game will automatically complete after 24-48 hours if left in a feature. Line wins must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. All wins occur on active lines. Wins on multiple active paylines are added together. Only highest winner paid when centered on payline. Payoffs on registered credits only. Different reels used by lines bet. Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 10/27/2023