Combo Cash Secret Treasures GAME RULES COMBO CASHR BONUS The Combo Cash Bonus reels are displayed above the main reels and appear locked during gameplay. appears on reels 2, 3, and 4. landing scattered on reels 2, 3, and/or 4 will trigger the Combo Cash Bonus. Prizes awarded during the Combo Cash Bonus are evaluated from left to right and any awards are displayed in dollars but awarded in credits. Only highest displayed prize is paid. Number symbols available on Combo Cash reel 1 are: (1c/2c denom:) 1, 2, 3, 5, and 10 (5c/10c denom:) 3, 5, 10, 15, and 20. Number symbols available on Combo Cash reel 2 are: 0, and 5. Number symbols available on Combo Cash reel 3 are: 0, 00, and 5. Combo Cash Bonus reel animations are for entertainment purposes only. Combo Cash Bonus uses an alternate set of reels. COMBO CASH BONUS: REEL ACTIVATION When the Combo Cash Bonus is triggered, 1-3 Combo Cash Bonus reels will activate for one spin. The activated reels correspond directly to which reel(s) triggered the bonus: COMBO CASH BONUS: WIN WHAT YOU SEE The total win of a Combo Cash Bonus is equal to the concatenated numbers that land centered on the single center payline from left to right. Combo Cash Bonus wins are displayed in dollars, but awarded in credits. COMBO CASH® BONUS: ZERO RESPIN The Zero Respin Feature is triggered after a losing Combo Cash Bonus spin with at least one active reel displaying 0 or 00 on the payline. When triggered, if any Combo Cash Bonus reels are inactive, they will activate for the remainder of the Zero Respin Feature. Any reels that do not have a 0 or 00 on the payline will respin once. If a respin lands another 0 or 00 on the payline with no additional symbol, the remaining reel will respin once more. The Zero Respin Feature will always end with a win. SECRET TREASURES® FREE SPIN The Secret Treasures Bonus symbol is a scatter symbol. The Secret Treasures Free Spin Bonus is triggered after landing a Scattered on each of reels 3, 4 and 5. When triggered the Secret Treasures Free Spin Bonus awards 9 free spins. The Secret Treasures Free Spin Bonus uses an alternate set of reels that do not contain The Combo Cash Bonus uses an alternate set of reels when triggered from the Secret Treasures Free Spin Bonus. The Secret Treasures Free Spin Bonus cannot trigger on the same spin as another bonus or feature. 243 WAYS® For all symbols except and , winning combinations pay through any positions on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Coinciding wins are added. Game will automatically complete after 24-48 hours if left in a feature. Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. The odds of triggering Combo CashR bonus and the Secret TreasuresR free spin bonus vary with changed bet. All pays except Combo CashR bonus prizes are shown in credits. All wins except scatter begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right across adjacent reels. Only highest winner paid per winning combination. Each symbol is only used once per winning combination. Different reels used by bet level. Payoffs on registered credits only. Last modification date: 6/11/2025