Jackpot Inferno GAME RULES SYMBOL TRIGGERED PROGRESSIVE WITH JACKPOT JUMP Jackpot Inferno symbol is a scatter symbol. Each progressive tier shares a contribution pool between all bet levels. An increasing flat pay is added to each tier by bet level. When between 5 and 10 Jackpot Inferno symbols land scattered in the reels, the corresponding progressive tier is locked-in but not yet awarded. The player is given 3 picks in a field of 20 icons. Selections can reveal credit prizes ranging between 6 and 120 times bet multiplier, +2 Picks which awards 2 additional picks, or Jackpot Inferno symbols. If a Jackpot Inferno symbol is found, the Jackpot Jump feature activates, causing the locked-in progressive tier to advance one tier higher. Once all picks have been made, the current locked-in progressive tier is awarded. The top two tiers are available through Jackpot Jump. Player's choice of picks have no impact on the awarded prize. Progressive tiers are funded by a percentage of all wagers. FREE SPIN BONUS Bonus symbol is a scatter symbol. 3, 4, or 5 Bonus symbols scattered anywhere on the reels trigger the Free Spin Bonus. 3 Bonus symbols award 6 spins and 2x total bet. 4 Bonus symbols award 10 spins and 5x total bet. 5 Bonus symbols award 20 spins and 10x total bet. During Free Spins, an alternate set of reels are used: only the four types of 7 symbol and WILD appear in the reels. Retriggers are not possible. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION MENU Press to open and close game settings and view game information. BET Press to access Bet Settings without opening the Menu. AUTO SPIN Press to access Auto Spin settings without opening the Menu. SPIN Press to start playing with the current bet settings. Or, if applicable, press Space Bar to start playing with the current bet settings. Quick Stop: Press again to quick stop the reels. SOUND Press to enable or disable Sound. SETTINGS Press to access game Settings. BET SETTINGS Press to access Bet Settings. PAYS / HELP Press to view game pay and help information. RECALL Press to view game history. Game will automatically complete after24 - 48hours if left in a feature. Line wins must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. All wins occur on active lines. Wins on multiple active paylines are added together. Only highest winner paid per line. Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. Payoffs on registered credits only. Last modification date: 1/24/2024