Power Shot Prosperity Power Shot Reel Feature The Power Shot reel Feature is awarded when a symbol lands and it spins to reveal a with a credit prize or a symbol. The credit prize displayed on a with credit prize is awarded in addition to any winning combinations after all reels have come to a stop. Each symbol can only award once per spin. Power Shot FREESPINS Bonus Power Shot symbol is a scattered symbol. Any combination of 3 or more scattered symbols triggers the Power Shot FREESPINS Bonus with 3 initial spins. The reels transition to a 29-reel bonus game. Any symbols that triggered the bonus will transform into a for the remainder of the Bonus. Any symbols with credit prizes that landed on the Bonus trigger reel stop are awarded at the end of the Power Shot FREESPINS Bonus. During the Power Shot FREESPINS Bonus, if one or any combination of or with a credit prizes symbols land, those symbols lock for the remainder of the bonus and the number of spins remaining is reset to 3. The Power Shot FREESPINS Bonus will end when the spins remaining meter is at 0. The maximum number of free spins is 19 at bet levels 75, 150, 225, 120, 240, and 360. The maximum number of free spins is 21 at bet levels 165, 330, and 495. Five progressives are available to win: Ultra, Grand, Mega, Major and Minor. Locking in or with credit prize symbols in two of two of the Minor reel spaces during the Power Shot FREESPINS Bonus awards the Minor progressive. Locking in or with credit prize symbols in three of three of the Major reel spaces during the Power Shot FREESPINS Bonus awards the Major progressive. Locking in or with credit prize symbols in four of four of the Mega reel spaces druing the Power Shot FREESPINS Bonus awards the Mega progressive. Locking in or with credit prize symbols in five of five of the Grand reel spaces during the Power Shot FREESPINS Bonus awards the Grand progressive. Locking in or with credit prize symbols in fifteen of fifteen of the Ultra reel spaces druing the Power Shot FREESPINS Bonus awards the Ultra progressive. Progressives are only available during the Power Shot FREESPINS Bonus. Progressive jackpot prizes increase as the bet multiplier is increased with the exception of Ultra, Grand and Mega. Each progressive tier shares a contribution pool between all bet levels. An increasing flat pay is added to each tier by bet multiplier with the exception of Ultra, Grand and Mega. Any credit prizes on screen are paid in addition to any progressives awarded. All displayed prizes are awarded at the end of the bonus. Paytable prizes are not awarded during the Power Shot FREESPINS Bonus. The Power Shot FREESPINS Bonus uses an alternate set of reels. Progressive tiers are funded by a percentage of all wagers. All credit prizes displayed on the with credit prize symbols have already been multiplied by the power reel multiplier. The odds of winning the Power Shot reel Feature varies as amount wagered increases.The odds of triggering the Power Shot FREESPINS Bonus varies as amount wagered increases. The odds of winning the Ultra or Mega progressive improve as the amount wagered increases. The odds of winning the Grand, Major or Minor progressive varies as amount wagered increases. Different reels used by amount wagered. PAYLINES ADDITIONAL INFORMATION MENU Press to open and close game settings and view game information. BET Press to access Bet Settings without opening the Menu. AUTO SPIN Press to access Auto Spin settings without opening the Menu. SPIN Press to start playing with the current bet settings. Or, if applicable, press Space Bar to start playing with the current bet settings. Quick Stop: Press again to quick stop the reels. SOUND Press to enable or disable Sound. LOBBY Press to return to Lobby SETTINGS Press to access game Settings. BET SETTINGS Press to access Bet Settings. PAYS / HELP Press to view game pay and help information. RECALL Press to view game history. Line wins must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Payoffs on registered credits only. All wins occur on active lines. Wins on multiple active paylines are added together. Only highest winner paid when centered on payline. Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 4/23/2024