Shamrock DOUBLE JACKPOT SYMBOL IS WILD! The Double Jackpot symbol is wild and substitutes for any symbol except Bonus to make a winning combination. One Double Jackpot pays 2X winning combination except for progressive prizes. Two Double Jackpots pays 4X winning combination except for progressive prizes. Double Jackpot symbols do not multiply progressive prizes. FREE SPIN BONUS Bonus symbolis a scattered symbol. Three Bonus symbols landing scattered awards 4X total bet and 8 free spins. During free spins, only the bonus progressives are ee = a available. Free spins can retrigger and award the same prizes as the initial trigger. 48 is the maximum number of free spins. Reels are weighted differently during the Free Spin Bonus. PROGRESSIVE JACKPOTS Certain winning combinations award progressive prizes. Progressive triggering symbols must land on active paylines to award progressives. Three Double Jackpot symbols on payline 9 awards the top base game progressive tier. Three Double Jackpot symbols on paylines 1to 8 awards the middle base game progressive tier. Three 777's on any payline awards the bottom base game progressive tier. The following three bonus progressives are available only during free spins. Three Double Jackpot symbols on payline 9 awards the top bonus progressive. Three Double Jackpot symbols on paylines 1to 8 awards the middle bonus progressive. Three 777's on any payline awards bottom bonus progressive. Progressive tiers are funded by a percentage of all wagers. PAYLINES ADDITIONAL INFORMATION MENU Press to open and close game settings and view game information. BET Press to access Bet Settings without opening the Menu. AUTO SPIN Press to access Auto Spin settings without opening the Menu. SPIN Press to start playing with the current bet settings. Or, if applicable, press Space Bar to start playing with the current bet settings. Quick Stop: Press again to quick stop the reels. SOUND Press to enable or disable Sound. SETTINGS Press to access game Settings. BET SETTINGS Press to access Bet Settings. PAYS / HELP Press to view game pay and help information. RECALL Press to view game history. Game will automatically complete after 24 - 48 hours if left in a feature. Line wins must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. All wins occur on active lines. Wins on multiple active paylines are added together. Only highest winner paid per line. Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. Shamrock - 1.0.81-3.2.199 Last modification date: 2/28/2023