Star Jewels STAR JEWEL SYMBOLS The Diamond, Ruby and Citrine Star Jewel symbols are wild and substitute for Seven or Bar symbols that also land on the active payline. Star Jewel symbols are not wild for Sub Symbol Multipliers. SUB SYMBOL MULTIPLIERS Multipliers multiply winning combinations except progressives and flat pay jackpots. Two or more multipliers on an active payline multiply together and multiply the winning combination. 2X multipliers are available on Single Seven and Double Bar symbols. 3X multipliers are available on Double Sevens and Single Bar symbols. 4X multiplier is available on Double Bar symbol. 5X multipliers are available on Triple Sevens and Single Bar symbols. SYMBOL TRIGGERED JACKPOTS Progressive prizes are available at max bet only. Jackpot triggering symbols must land on active paylines to award jackpots. At max bet, 3 Diamond Star Jewel symbols on an active payline 9 awards the Tier 1 jackpot. 3 Diamond Star Jewel symbols on active paylines 1 to 8 awards the Tier 2 jackpot. 3 Ruby Star Jewel symbols on any active payline awards the Tier 3 jackpot. 3 Citrine Star Jewel symbols on any active payline awards the Tier 4 jackpot. 3 mixed Star Jewel symbols on any active payline awards the Tier 5 jackpot. At less than max bet, jackpots pay flat prizes which are multiplied by bet per line. 3 Diamond Star Jewel symbols on active payline 9 awards 10,000 credits. 3 Diamond Star Jewel symbols on active paylines 1 to 8 awards 3,500 credits. 3 Ruby Star Jewel symbols on any active payline awards 1,500 credits. 3 Citrine Star Jewel symbols on any active payline awards 700 credits. 3 mixed Star Jewel symbols on any active payline awards 300 credits. Progressive tiers are funded by a percentage of all wagers. PAYLINES ADDITIONAL INFORMATION MENU Press to open and close game settings and view game information. BET Press to access Bet Settings without opening the Menu. AUTO SPIN Press to access Auto Spin settings without opening the Menu. SPIN Press to start playing with the current bet settings. Or, if applicable, press Space Bar to start playing with the current bet settings. Quick Stop: Press again to quick stop the reels. SOUND Press to enable or disable Sound. SETTINGS Press to access game Settings. BET SETTINGS Press to access Bet Settings. PAYS / HELP Press to view game pay and help information. RECALL Press to view game history. Game will automatically complete after 24 - 48 hours if left in a feature. Line wins must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. All wins occur on active lines. Wins on multiple active paylines are added together. Only highest winner paid per line. Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 9/26/2023