Black Diamond Platinum High Limit BLACK DIAMOND SYMBOL The Black Diamond symbol is wild and substitutes for any symbol except the Platinum Spins symbol or Multipliers to make a winning combination. FIXED MULTIPLIER SYMBOLS Multipliers multiply winning combinations except progressives. Two or more multipliers on a payline multiply together and multiply the winning combination. The maximum total multiplier for a winning combination is 30X. 2X multipliers are available on 777, 77, 7, Double Bar, and Single Bar symbols. 3X multipliers are available on 7 and Single Bar symbols. 5X multipliers are available on 777, 77 and Double Bar symbols. SYMBOL TRIGGERED PROGRESSIVES Progressives are available at max bet only. Progressive triggering symbols must land on active paylines to award progressives. During the base game, at max bet, when three Black Diamond symbols land on payline 9, the top Base Game Progressive is awarded. When three Black Diamond symbols land on paylines 1 to 8, the bottom Base Game Progressive is awarded. During the Platinum Spins Bonus, at max bet, when three Black Diamond symbols land on payline 9, the top Platinum Spin Progressive is awarded. When three Black Diamond symbols land on paylines 1 to 8, the bottom Platinum Spin Progressive is awarded. At less than max bet, flat prizes are awarded. Prizes are multiplied by bet multiplier. During base game, three Black Diamond symbols on payline 9 awards 2,000 credits and three Black Diamond symbols on payline 1 to 8 awards 200 credits. During Platinum Spins, three Black Diamond symbols on payline 9 awards 5,000 credits and three Black Diamond symbols on payline 1 to 8 awards 700 credits. Progressive tiers are funded by a percentage of all wagers. PLATINUM SPINS When the Platinum Spins symbol lands on reel 3, the Platinum Spins Bonus is triggered and the player is awarded 3 free spins. During the free spins, the Platinum Spins Progressives are activated. The Base Game Progressives are not available during the free spins. If the Platinum Spins symbol lands during the free spins, an additional 3 spins are awarded. The maximum number of spins is 30. Reels are weighted differently during the Platinum Spins bonus. The Platinum Spins bonus, and progressive or flat prizes cannot be triggered on the same spin. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION MENU Press to open and close game settings and view game information. BET Press to access Bet Settings without opening the Menu. AUTO SPIN Press to access Auto Spin settings without opening the Menu. SPIN Press to start playing with the current bet settings. Or, if applicable, press Space Bar to start playing with the current bet settings. Quick Stop: Press again to quick stop the reels. SOUND Press to enable or disable Sound. SETTINGS Press to access game Settings. BET SETTINGS Press to access Bet Settings. PAYS/HELP Press to view game pay and help information. RECALL Press to view game history. Game will automatically complete after 24-48 hours if left in a feature. Line wins must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. All wins occur on active lines. Wins on multiple active paylines are added together. Only highest winner paid per line. RTP: 95.95% Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 10/28/2025