Hot Spot Multipliers The Y All pays shown in credits. PAYS The reel array consists of 7 reels. The center reel contains blanks, prize value symbols ranging from 10 - 100 credits x bet multiplier and Each of the other 6 reels contain blanks and the following multiplier symbols: 2X, 3X, 4X, 5X, 10X. Landing a non-blank reel position on the center reel will award the prize value shown or a wheel spin. Additionally, any multiplier symbols connected to the center reel with no blank reel position between them will multiply together and multiply the center reel prize before awarding. All center reel values are displayed already multiplied by the bet multiplier. Multiplier symbols evaluate only once per wagered play after any applicable respin and/or wheel activations complete. The highest available multiplier is 4,800. The highest win available is 1,250,000 credits. RESPIN FEATURE Certain prize value symbols,, and multiplier symbols display landingon a reel spin will activate the Respin Feature, respinning all blank reels. Each on a stop awards 1 respin. Additional landing during the Feature award 1 additional respin each. The Respin Feature will end when no landed remain or when all 7 reels have landed something other than blank. The Respin Feature uses an alternative set of reels. WHEEL BONUS Landing on the center reel activates the Wheel Bonus. If applicable, the Wheel Bonus activation will take place after the Respin Feature concludes. Press "Play" or touch the main game screen to spin the Wheel. When activated, the wheel will spin once. After the Wheel Bonus concludes, the wheel prize is displayed on in the base game and, if applicable, multiplied by any connected multiplier symbols before awarding. Wheel values range from 500 - 100,000 credits. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION MENU Press to open and close game settings and view game information. BET Press to access Bet Settings without opening the Menu. AUTO PLAYS Press to access Auto Play settings without opening the Menu. PLAY Press to start playing with the current bet settings. Or, if applicable, press Space Bar to start playing with the current bet settings. Quick Stop: Press again to quick stop the gameplay. SOUND Press to enable or disable Sound. SETTINGS Press to access game Settings. BET SETTINGS Press to access Bet Settings. PAYS/HELP Press to view game pay and help information. GAME HISTORY Press to view game history. Game will automatically complete after 24-48 hours if left in a feature. Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. The odds of activating the respin feature vary with changed bet. The odds of activating the wheel bonus improve with increased bet. Different reels used by bet level. Payoffs on registered credits only. RTP - 96% Last modification date: 10/7/2025