Crystal Star GAME RULES WIN PROGRESSIVE JACKPOTS BY PLAYING MAX BET Progressive prizes are available at max bet. Max bet is max multiplier and max paylines. Jackpot triggering symbols must land on active paylines to award jackpots. 3 Crystal Star symbols on payline 9 awards the major jackpot. 3 Crystal Star symbols on paylines 1 to 8 awards the minor jackpot. At less than max bet, jackpots pay flat credit prizes which are multiplied by bet multiplier. 3 Crystal Star symbols on payline 9 awards 5,000 credits. 3 Crystal Star symbols on payline 1 to 8 awards 300 credits. Progressive tiers are funded by a percentage of all wagers. CRYSTAL STAR SYMBOL IS WILD! The Crystal Star symbol is wild and substitutes for any symbol except multipliers to make winning combinations. BONUS MULTIPLIERS Multilpliers multiply winning combinations except progressives. Two or more multipliers on a payline multiply together and multiply the winning combination. The maximum total multiplier for a winning combination is 30X. 2X multipliers are available on 777, 77, 7, Double Bar, and Single Bar symbols. 3X multipliers are available on 7 and Single Bar symbols. 5X multipliers are available on 777, 77, and Double Bar symbols. PAYLINES ADDITIONAL INFORMATION MENU Press to open and close game settings and view game information. BET Press to access Bet Settings without opening the Menu. AUTO SPIN Press to access Auto Spin settings without opening the Menu. SPIN Press to start playing with the current bet settings. Or, if applicable, press Space Bar to start playing with the current bet settings. Quick Stop: Press again to quick stop the reels. SOUND Press to enable or disable Sound. SETTINGS Press to access game Settings. BET SETTINGS Press to access Bet Settings. PAYS / HELP Press to view game pay and help information. RECALL Press to view game history. Game will automatically complete after24 - 48hours if left in a feature. Line wins must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. All wins occur on active lines. Wins on multiple active paylines are added together. Only highest winner paid per line. Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 10/19/2022