Peking Fantasy GAME RULES STACKS Peking Fantasy, Red Concubine, Yellow Old Man, Green Warrior, and Purple Clown are stacked and appear on all 5 reels. Peking Fantasy is wild for all symbols except Lucky Lantern Bonus and Free Spin. FANTASY WILDS BONUS During any base game spin, the floating maiden may pass over the reels turning the Red Concubine, Yellow Old Man, Green Warrior, and Purple Clown symbols wild for the current spin. LUCKY LANTERN BONUS Lucky Lantern symbol is a scattered symbol. Scattered Lucky Lantern Bonus symbols anywhere on reels 3, 4, and 5 trigger the Lucky Lantern Bonus. 3 picks are awarded. Pick among 22 lanterns revealing credit prizes: 2X, 3X, 4X, 5X, 10X, 15X, and 20X total credits bet. Find the Lucky Lantern to reveal 50x total credits bet. Player's choice of picks have no impact on the awarded prize. FREE SPIN BONUS 3, 4, or 5 Free Spin symbols scattered anywhere on the reels pays 2x, 10x, or 25x total bet respectively and awards 7 Free Spins. During free spins all Red Concubine, Yellow Old Man, Green Warrior, and Purple Clown symbols become wild for all other symbols except Free Spin. Free spins can be retriggered with the same trigger pay and award an additional 7 spins. Maximum number of possible free spins is 70. The Lucky Lantern bonus is not possible during free spins. During free spins an alternate set of reels is used ADDITIONAL INFORMATION MENU Press to open and close game settings and view game information. BET Press to access Bet Settings without opening the Menu. AUTO SPIN Press to access Auto Spin settings without opening the Menu. SPIN Press to start playing with the current bet settings. Or, if applicable, press Space Bar to start playing with the current bet settings. Quick Stop: Press again to quick stop the reels. LOBBY Press to return to Lobby. SOUND Press to enable or disable Sound. SETTINGS Press to access game Settings. BET SETTINGS Press to access Bet Settings. PAYS / HELP Press to view game pay and help information. Game will automatically complete after 24 - 48 hours if left in a feature. Line wins must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the left most reel. All wins occur on active lines. Wins on multiple active paylines are added together. Only highest winner paid per line. Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 4/12/2024