Diamond Money GAME RULES FREE SPIN BONUS Three Free Spin Bonus symbols landing on payline 7 trigger the bonus, awarding 8 free spins. Free spins can retrigger, awarding 8 additional spins. Maximum number of spins is 32. During the free spins, reels are weighted differently, and the Diamond Money symbol appears more frequently. The odds of winning the Free Spin Bonus are the same for bets less than or equal to 60 credits and are the same for bets greater than or equal to 90 credits. The odds of winning the Free Spin Bonus at bets less than or equal to 60 credits will vary from the odds of winning the Free Spin Bonus at bets greater than or equal to 90 credits. SYMBOL TRIGGERED JACKPOTS Diamond Money symbol is a scatter symbol. At a bet of 90 or above, progressive jackpots are available. Progressive jackpot prizes increase as the bet is increased. Each progressive jackpot tier shares a contribution pool between all bet levels. An increasing flat pay is added to each tier by bet level. When 3 to 9 Diamond Money symbols land scattered on the reels, the corresponding progressive jackpot tier is awarded. Only the highest triggered progressive jackpot tier is paid per spin. At a bet of 30 or 60, when 3 to 9 Diamond Money symbols land scattered on the reels, the corresponding flat pay jackpot is awarded. The Free Spin Bonus cannot be awarded on the same spin as a jackpot or progressive jackpot win. Progressive tiers are funded by a percentage of all wagers. Additional Information MENU Press to open and close game settings and view game information. BET Press to access Bet Settings without opening the Menu. AUTO SPIN Press to access Auto Spin settings without opening the Menu. SPIN Press to start playing with the current bet settings. Or, if applicable, press Space Bar to start playing with the current bet settings. Quick Stop: Press again to quick stop the reels. SOUND Press to enable or disable Sound. SETTINGS Press to access game Settings. BET SETTINGS Press to access Bet Settings. PAYS / HELP Press to view game pay and help information. RECALL Press to view game history. Game will automatically complete after 24-48 hours if left in a feature. Line wins must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. All wins occur on active lines. Wins on multiple active paylines are added together. Only highest winner paid when centered on payline. Payoffs on registered credits only. Different reels used by lines bet. Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 2/14/2024