Triple Jackpot Gems Deluxe GAME RULES WILD SYMBOLS The Triple Jackpot Wild, Ruby Jackpot Wild, and Amethyst Jackpot Wild symbols are wild and substitute in winning Seven or Bar symbol combinations when appearing on an active payline. The Triple Jackpot Wild symbol also displays a 3X multiplier, which multiplies winning combinations it appears in, except Jackpots. Two multipliers on an active payline multiply together and multiply the winning combination. Only highest winner paid per line. DOUBLE NUDGE® Ruby Jackpot Wild symbols appear with an arrow pointing up and Amethyst Jackpot Wild symbols appear with an arrow pointing down. When one or more Ruby Jackpot Wild and/or Amethyst Jackpot Wild symbols appear on a reel stop, wins in the initial reel stop are paid first, then each Ruby Jackpot Wild and Amethyst Jackpot Wild symbol may nudge up or down one position to create a new reel stop combination to be evaluated. The nudge direction is dictated by the arrow on the Jackpot Wild symbol. All applicable Jackpot Wild symbols nudge at the same time, no matter the direction. If applicable, wins for the initial nudge combination are paid, then each applicable Jackpot Wild symbol may nudge a second time up or down one position to create a new reel stop combination to be evaluated. Applicable Jackpot Wild symbols will not nudge above payline 2 or below payline 3. Applicable Jackpot Wild symbols can nudge one or two positions depending on their initial landing location. It is possible to award a progressive before or after the nudge has taken place. Progressive tiers are funded by a percentage of all wagers. PAYLINES ADDITIONAL INFORMATION MENU Press to open and close game settings and view game information. BET Press to access Bet Settings without opening the Menu. AUTO SPIN Press to access Auto Spin settings without opening the Menu. SPIN Press to start playing with the current bet settings. Or, if applicable, press Space Bar to start playing with the current bet settings. Quick Stop: Press again to quick stop the reels. SOUND Press to enable or disable Sound. SETTINGS Press to access game Settings. BET SETTINGS Press to access Bet Settings. PAYS / HELP Press to view game pay and help information. RECALL Press to view game history. Game will automatically complete after 24-48 hours if left in a feature. Line wins must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. All wins occur on active lines. Wins on multiple active paylines are added together. Only highest winner paid when centered on a payline. Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. Different reels used by lines bet. Payoffs on registered credits only. Malfunction voids all pays and plays Last modification date: 1/31/2024