Press Your Luck Whammy Wilds Whammy Wilds Available at all bet levels. When a Coin symbol lands anywhere on the reels, it will fly off the reels and be added to the piggy bank, revealing a Whammy Wild symbol in its place. Coin symbols (and Whammy Wild symbols) appear only on reels 2, 3, and 4. Whammy Wild symbols are wild for all paytable symbols. When a Whammy Wild symbol is revealed, it will display either a 2x, 3x, or 4x multiplier, which will apply to winning combinations it's part of in 2 Ways, 3 Ways, or 4 Ways respectively. Multipliers appearing on Whammy Wild symbols are not applied to any Bonus awards. Whammy Wheel Bonus Available at all bet levels. The Whammy Wheel Bonus may trigger on any losing base game spin that lands a Coin symbol and does not trigger another Bonus. When triggered, the Whammy Wheel is presented displaying Progressive slices and Progressive +1 Spin slices. One initial wheel spin is awarded. Pressing the "PLAY" button, anywhere on the game screen, will cause the wheel to spin. Landing on a Progressive slice either awards the displayed Progressive prize and ends the Bonus, or the wheel may randomly nudge to a higher value Progressive slice before awarding and ending the Bonus, or the wheel may randomly nudge to a Progressive +1 Spin slice of equal or greater value before awarding. Landing on a Progressive +1 Spin slice either awards the displayed Progressive prize and an additional wheel spin, or the wheel may randomly nudge to a higher value Progressive +1 Spin slice before awarding. Up to 2 wheel spins may occur during the Whammy Wheel Bonus. It is not possible to award any one Progressive tier twice during the Bonus. It is not possible to award the Ultra, Grand, or Epic Progressive tiers in tandem with any other Progressive tier. The growth of the piggy bank is for entertainment purposes only and has no effect on the odds of triggering the Whammy Wheel Bonus. Press Your Luck Bonus Available at all bet levels. The Press Your Luck Bonus is triggered by landing 3 Press Your Luck Bonus symbols scattered on reels 1, 3, and 5. When triggered, 16 individual spinning reels are displayed, and 5 initial spins are awarded. The reels contain unlocked credit prize spaces ranging from 40-500 credits x bet multiplier, locked credit prize spaces ranging from 500-2,000 credits x bet multiplier, unlocked Mini and Minor Progressive prize spaces, locked Mini, Minor, Major, Mega, Ultra, Grand, and Epic Progressive prize spaces, Extra Spin spaces, and blank spaces. Pressing the "PLAY" button will cause the reels to stop spinning. When the reels stop, any reel displaying anything other than a blank space will lock that space in for the remainder of the Bonus. If a reel displays an Extra Spin space, an additional spin is awarded. All reels displaying blank spaces will begin spinning again automatically if spins remain. This repeats until all spins are completed. The maximum number of spins is 9. Locked prizes are only unlocked and awarded if all 16 reels are displaying anything other than a blank space at the end of the Bonus. All unlocked prizes are awarded at the completion of the Bonus. Up to 2 Progressives can be awarded during the Bonus. It is not possible to award any one Progressive tier twice during the Bonus. It is not possible to award the Ultra, Grand, or Epic Progressive tiers in tandem with any other Progressive tier. An alternate set of reels is used during the Bonus. A player cannot influence the result of a Bonus by stopping the reel spins. The Press Your Luck Bonus cannot be triggered on the same spin as another Bonus. All credit values displayed during the Press Your Luck Bonus have already been multiplied by bet multiplier. Big Bucks Bonus Available at all bet levels. The Big Bucks Bonus is triggered by landing 2 Press Your Luck Bonus symbols scattered on reels 1 and 3 with a Big Bucks Bonus symbol scattered on reel 5. When triggered, a wheel is presented containing credit prize slices ranging from 1100-20000 credits x bet multiplier. One wheel spin is awarded. Pressing the "PLAY" button will cause the wheel to spin. When the wheel lands on a slice, it will either award the displayed credit prize, or the wheel may randomly nudge to a slice with a higher value credit prize before awarding. The Big Bucks Bonus cannot be triggered on the same spin as another Bonus. All credit values displayed during the Big Bucks Bonus have already been multiplied by bet multiplier. Additional Information Game will automatically complete after 24-48 hours if left in a feature. Funds in excess of the maximum values will apply to the progressive jackpot. Payoffs on registered credits only. Each symbol is only used once per winning combination. The odds of triggering the Whammy Wheel Bonus and Progressive improve with increased bet. The odds of triggering the Big Bucks Bonus and Press Your Luck Bonus vary wit changed bet. Different reels used by bet level. Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 3/13/2025