Money Frog MYSTERY JACKPOT Mystery Jackpots are available at any bet level. On random, non-winning, base game plays, one or both of the jackpots may award. Mystery Jackpots award the amount displayed in the awarding jackpot meter. Play max bet for more chancesto win the mysteryjackpot. Progressive Tiers are funded by a percentage of all wagers. FREE SPIN BONUS Bonus symbolis a scattered symbol. When three or more Bonus symbols land scattered on any reels, the player is awarded a varying number of free spins and the corresponding credit prize listed on the paytable. Three Bonus symbols awards 7 spins. Four Bonus symbols awards 10 spins. Five Bonus symbols awards 12 spins. During the Free Spins the Money frog wild symbol remains wild When a Money Frog Wild lands, the background of that reel position changes into a Locked Wild position for the remaining free spins. If an additional Money Frog Wild lands on a Locked Wild position, a 2x Wild Multiplier is created Subsequent Money Frog Wild symbols landing on that position add +1 to the multiplier amount, up to 7x. Multipliers on the same payline are multiplicative. The Free Spin Bonus uses an alternate set of reels and cannot be retriggered. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION MENU Press to open and close game settings and view game information. BET Press to access Bet Settings without opening the Menu. AUTO SPIN Press to access Auto Spin settings without opening the Menu. SPIN Press to start playing with the current bet settings. Or, if applicable, press Space Bar to start playing with the current bet settings. Quick Stop: Press again to quick stop the reels. SOUND Press to enable or disable Sound. SETTINGS Press to access game Settings. BET SETTINGS Press to access Bet Settings. PAYS / HELP Press to view game pay and help information. RECALL Press to view game history. Game will automatically complete after24 - 48hours if left in a feature. Line wins must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. All wins occur on active lines. Wins on multiple active paylines are added together. Only highest winner paid per line. Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 1/20/2023