Stellar Bounties GAME RULES Commit a wager for a chance to win prizes represented by loot that is dropped by enemy ships. HOW TO PLAY Select a wager from the Bet Menu on the main screen. Optionally, one of 3 player ships can be chosen but the ship selected will have no impact on the awarded prize. Pressing "PLAY" confirms the current bet wager and starts the game. GAMEPLAY When GO is displayed, the player ship will begin firing automatically until the end of the round. Move the player ship horizontally by either tapping on the screen to immediately move their ship to that horizontal location, or by tapping and dragging to make the ship follow along with the dragged location. Each laser fired has the ability to destroy 1 SWARM ship or damage a BOSS ship. Lasers cannot destroy asteroids. After a wager is committed, either SWARM mode or BOSS mode will be randomly chosen to commence. At times the Boss will appear but flee before GO is displayed which triggers SWARM mode. SWARM MODE When GO is displayed, multiple small enemy ships will appear on screen. Player can use the ship to destroy enemies until they warp away. Some enemies will drop loot when they are destroyed. 2 turrets will be deployed to the left and right side of the player's ship and aid at the end of the round by firing a charged shot at enemy ships. The SWARM mode can occur on any win amount. BOSS MODE When GO is displayed, a large BOSS ship will appear. Player can use the ship to damage the Boss until it is destroyed or flees. As the Boss ship flashes and shows signs of damage, loot will be dropped. The BOSS mode only occurs for wins 2X the current bet wager or more. REWARDS BAR All Loot that was dropped by enemies during the gameplay round will be collected in the Rewards Bar. Rewards from the round will remain visible until the initiation of a new wager. The quantity of each specific piece of Loot received during gameplay will be shown to the right of its icon. The number below is the total value of the Loot's value multiplied by the number received during gameplay. All of the total values of each piece of Loot added together will equal the total winnings from the round, shown in the Win meter just below. MENU Press to open and close game settings and view game information. SOUND Press to enable or disable Sound. PAYS / HELP Press to view game pay and help information. Game will automatically complete after 24 - 48 hours if left in a feature. Payoffs on registered credits only. Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 11/7/2024