Jaws Of Steel Available at any bet. 3 Bonus symbols on payline 7 trigger the Free Spins Bonus, awarding 100 credits x bet multiplier and 8 free spins. The Bonus +4 symbol substitutes for Bonus Symbol and awards an additional 4 spins when it participates in a Bonus trigger. The Bonus +8 symbol substitutes for the Bonus symbol and awards an additional 8 spins when it participates in a Bonus trigger. FREE SPIN MULTIPLIER WILDS During the Free Spins Bonus, any Shark Week Wild landing on a winning payline is replaced with Wild 2x or Wild 3x. Wild 2x substitutes for Wild and, when involved in a winning combination, multiplies the associated prize by 2. Wild 3x substitutes for Wild and, when involved in a winning combination, multiplies the associated prize by 3. An alternate set of reels is used during the Free Spins Bonus. The What Did The Shark Eat? Feature and The Shark Week Wheel Bonus are not available during The Free Spins Bonus. The maximum number of spins is 128. WHAT DID THE SHARK EAT? BONUS Available at any bet. The What Did The Shark Eat? Feature may be triggered at the completion of a losing spin. The What Did The Shark Eat? Feature cannot be triggered on the same spin as the Free Spins Bonus or the Shark Week Wheel Bonus. 3 pick items and a credit value (200-500 credits x bet multiplier) are presented and 1 pick is awarded. If the picked item matches the item revealed inside the shark, the presented credit value is multiplied by 3 and awarded. If the picked item does not match the item revealed inside the shark, the presented credit value is awarded. All credit values displayed during the feature have already been multiplied by bet multiplier. SHARK WEEK WHEEL BONUS Available at any bet. The Shark Week Wheel Bonus may be triggered at the completion of a losing spin. The Shark Week Wheel Bonus cannot be triggered on the same spin as the Free Spins Bonus or The What Did The Shark Eat? Feature. One wheel spin is awarded. Available prizes on the wheel are Jackpot Slice, Fish Slice, Hammerhead Slice, Great White Slice, and credits (150 - 800 credits x bet multiplier). All credit prizes displayed on the wheel have already been multiplied by bet multiplier. Landing on a credit value awards the associated credit prize. At max bet, landing on Jackpot Slice, awards the Shark Week Progressive Jackpot. At less than max bet, landing on Jackpot Slice awards 125,000 credits x bet multiplier. Landing on Fish slice, triggers the Fish Grab Bonus. Landing on Hammerhead Slice triggers the Break the Cage Bonus. Landing on Great White Slice awards 2500 - 25000 credits x bet multiplier. Progressive tier is funded by a percentage of all wagers. FISH GRAB BONUS Available at any bet level. Landing on Fish Slice during the Shark Week Wheel Bonus triggers the Fish Grab Bonus. The Bonus begins with 20 seconds on the clock to touch fish on screen. Each fish in the Bonus has a mystery credit value that is revealed with touched. Some mystery credit values may be revealed without player interaction. All player interaction with this Bonus is for entertainment purposes only and has no impact on the game outcome. The total prize amount awarded during the Bonus is predetermined and can range from 1000 to 3000 credits x bet multiplier. All credit values displayed during the Fish Grab Bonus have already been multiplied by bet multiplier. BREAK THE CAGE Available at any bet level. Landing on Hammerhead Slice during the Shark Week Wheel Bonus triggers the Break The Cage Bonus. During the bonus, touching the cage reveals credits (50-250 credits x bet multiplier). The Bonus ends when the cage breaks. The total prize amount awarded during the Bonus is predetermined and can range from 500-2000 credits x bet multiplier. All interaction within the Bonus is for entertainment purpose only and has no impact on the game outcome. All credit values displayed during the Break the Cage Bonus have already been multiplied by bet multiplier. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION MENU Press to open and close game settings and view game information. BET Press to access Bet Settings without opening the Menu. AUTO SPIN Press to access Auto Spin settings without opening the Menu. SPIN Press to start playing with the current bet settings. Or, if applicable, press Space Bar to start playing with the current bet settings. Quick Stop: Press again to quick stop the reels. SOUND Press to enable or disable Sound. SETTINGS Press to access game Settings. BET SETTINGS Press to access Bet Settings. PAYS / HELP Press to view game pay and help information. RECALL Press to view game history. Game will automatically complete after24 - 48hours if left in a feature. Line wins must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. All wins occur on active lines. Wins on multiple active paylines are added together. Only highest winner paid per line. Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. Payoffs on registered credits only. Last modification date: 5/2/2024