Triple Double Gems High Limit GAME RULES BONUS MULTIPLIERS Multipliers multiply winning combinations except progressives. Two or more Bonus Multiplier symbols on an active payline multiply together and multiply the winning non-progressive combination. 2X multipliers are available on Triple 7 and Double Bar symbols. 3X multipliers are available on Single 7 and Single Bar symbols. 4X multipliers are available on Double 7 and Single Bar symbols. 5X multipliers are available on Triple 7, Single Bar, and Double Bar symbols. MULTIPLIER WILD SYMBOLS The Red, Blue, and Yellow Wild symbols are wild and substitute for any non-Wild symbol to make winning combinations with Seven and Bar symbols. Wilds do not substitute for Bonus Multipliers on symbols. The Red Wild symbol pays 3X winning non-progressive combinations. The Blue Wild symbol pays 2X winning non-progressive combinations. Two Wild symbols on an active payline multiply together and multiply the winning non-progressive combination. Multiplier Wild symbols and Bonus Multipliers on an active payline multiply together to multiply the winning non-progressive combination. SYMBOL-TRIGGERED PROGRESSIVES The highest progressive jackpot is available at max bet only. 3 Red Wild symbols on an active payline 9 awards the top progressive jackpot. 3 Red Wild symbols on an active payline 1-8 awards the 2nd tier progressive jackpot. 3 Blue Wild symbols on an active payline awards the 3rd tier progressive jackpot. 3 Yellow Wild symbols on an active payline awards the 4th tier progressive jackpot. 3 of any Wild symbols on an active payline awards the 5th tier progressive jackpot. Only the highest progressive tier achieved is awarded. Progressive prizes are not multiplied by the Wild symbol multipliers. 3 Wild symbols on an active payline will pay only the progressive tier for the respective combination. The odds of winning the progressives improve as Lines Bet increases. Progressive tiers are funded by a percentage of all wagers. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION MENU Press to open and close game settings and view game information. BET Press to access Bet Settings without opening the Menu. AUTO SPIN Press to access Auto Spin settings without opening the Menu. SPIN Press to start playing with the current bet settings. Or, if applicable, press Space Bar to start playing with the current bet settings. Quick Stop: Press again to quick stop the reels. SOUND Press to enable or disable Sound. SETTINGS Press to access game Settings. BET SETTINGS Press to access Bet Settings. PAYS / HELP Press to view game pay and help information. RECALL Press to view game history. Game will automatically complete after 24 - 48 hours if left in a feature. Line wins must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. All wins occur on active lines. Wins on multiple active paylines are added together. Only highest winner paid when centered on a payline. Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. RTP: 95.95% Different reels used by lines bet. Payoffs on registered credits only.