New York Jets Deluxe SYMBOL TRIGGERED PROGRESSIVES Progressives are available at max bet only. Progressive triggering symbols must land on active paylines to award progressives. At max bet, when three New York Jets symbols land on payline 9, the top progressive is awarded. When three New York Jets symbols land on paylines 1 to 8, the bottom progressive is awarded. Specific New York Jets symbol combinations on active paylines can result in winning multiple progressives on a single play. The top and bottom progressive awards can only trigger once on a single play subsequent jackpots at max bet along paylines 1-8 award a flat pay credit amount of 1,000 credits. At less than max bet, flat prizes are awarded. Prizes are multiplied by bet per line. Three New York Jets symbols on payline 9 awards 4,000 credits and three New York Jets symbols on payline 1 to 8 awards 300 credits. Specific New York Jets symbol combinations on active paylines can result in winning multiple flat prizes on a single play. Progressive tiers are funded by a percentage of all wagers. NEW YORK JETS LOGO SYMBOL IS WILD! The New York Jets symbol is wild and substitutes for any symbol except for multiplier symbols to make a winning combination. FIXED MULTIPLIER SYMBOL Multipliers multiply winning combinations except progressives. Two or more multipliers on a payline multiply together and multiply the winning combination. The maximum total multiplier for a winning combination is 75X. 2X multipliers are available on 777, 7, and Double Bar symbols. 3X multipliers are available on 77, 7 and Single Bar symbols. 5X multipliers are available on 777, Double Bar and Single Bar symbols. DOUBLE NUDGE When one or more New York Jets symbols appear during a reel stop, wins in the initial reel stop are paid first then each New York Jets symbol can nudge up or down one position to create a new reel stop combination to be evaluated. The nudge direction is dictated by the arrow on the symbol. All New York Jets symbols nudge at the same time, no matter the direction. If applicable, wins for the initial nudge combination are paid, then each New York Jets symbol can nudge a second time up or down one position to create a new reel stop combination to be evaluated. The New York Jets symbol will not nudge above line 2 or below line 3. New York Jets symbols can nudge one or two positions depending on its initial landing location. It is possible to award a progressive before or after the nudge has taken place. PAYTABLE ADDITIONAL INFORMATION MENU Press to open and close game settings and view game information. BET Press to access Bet Settings without opening the Menu. AUTO SPIN Press to access Auto Spin settings without opening the Menu. SPIN Press to start playing with the current bet settings. Or, if applicable, press Space Bar to start playing with the current bet settings. Quick Stop: Press again to quick stop the reels. LOBBY Press to return to Lobby. SOUND Press to enable or disable Sound. SETTINGS Press to access game Settings. BET SETTINGS Press to access Bet Settings. PAYS / HELP Press to view game pay and help information. RECALL Press to view game history. Game will automatically complete after 24 - 48 hours if left in a feature. Line wins must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. All wins occur on active lines. Wins on multiple active paylines are added together. Only highest winner paid per line. Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. The theoretical return to player RTP is 96%. Last modification date: 9/27/2022