Scorchin Hot Spins Wicked Wheel SCORCHIN' SYMBOL Scorchin' symbols substitute in winning combinations for all symbols except for the Wicked Wheel symbol. When one or more Scorchin' symbols land on reels 2, 3, or 4, the symbol will reveal a multiplier. When a Scorchin' symbol is part of a winning combination, it multiplies the winning combination by 2X, 3X, or 4X. When more than one Scorchin' symbol is part of a winning combination, the revealed multipliers multiply together for up to 64X Ways win. When a Scorchin' symbol participates in multiple ways wins, the displayed multiplier value applies to the individual ways win. Scorchin' symbol are not available on reels 1 and 5. PROGRESSIVE PICK BONUS Scorchin' symbol is a scattered symbol. On any spin that does not trigger the Wicked Wheel Bonus, one or more scattered Scorchin' symbols will send a coin to the Cauldron above the reels which may randomly trigger the Progressive Pick Bonus. The accumulation of coins in the Cauldron is for entertainment purposes only and has no effect on the odds of triggering the Progressive Pick Bonus. Upon entering the Progressive Pick Bonus players will pick from 21 coins to reveal either progressive or Hot sauce bottle symbols. Match 3 progressive symbols to win that jackpot! Revealing a Hot sauce bottle removes the Mini progressive symbols from the pick field as Scorchin' uses his Hot sauce bottle to eliminate the Mini progressive tier from the screen. If a second Hot sauce bottle is found all Minor symbols are removed from the pick field and the Minor tier is eliminated for the remainder of the pick bonus. If a third Hot sauce bottle is found all Major symbols are removed and the Major tier is eliminated for the remainder of the pick bonus. There are 3 Hot sauce bottle symbols total within the pick field. The cauldron animations are for display purposes only and have no effect on triggering the Progressive Pick Bonus. Player's choice of picks have no impact on the awarded prize. WICKED WHEEL BONUS 3 Wicked Wheel symbols landing scattered on reels 3,4, and 5 triggers the Wicked Wheel Bonus. The wheel contains credit slices with values ranging from 5-375X total bet and three progressive slices. One spin is awarded during the Wicked Wheel Bonus. Upon triggering the Wicked Wheel Bonus, the progressive slices will randomly reveal three different progressive symbols. After the progressive symbols are displayed on their slices, Scorchin' will then fly around the wheel applying up to 12 multipliers to the credit slices. The multipliers consist of 2X, 3X, 5X, and 10X. After adding multipliers, the wheel will spin. Landing on a progressive slice awards the corresponding progressive prize and immediately ends the bonus. Upon landing on a credit or credit with multiplier slice Scorchin' may randomly nudge the wheel to an adjacent increased credit or increased credit with multiplier slice before ending the bonus. The Wicked Wheel Bonus and Progressive Pick Bonus cannot be triggered on the same spin. BET METER Available at all times. Betting up increases the chances of winning a progressive in either the Progressive Pick Bonus or Wicked Wheel Bonus. The bet meter on the base game shows the current bet level. WAYS PAYS For all symbols except , ways wins pay through any position on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. -WAYS WINS ARE COMBINED AND ADDED - EACH SYMBOL IS USED ONLY ONCE PER WINNING COMBINATION ADDITIONAL INFORMATION MENU Press to open and close game settings and view game information. BET Press to access Bet Settings without opening the Menu. AUTO PLAYS Press to access Auto Play settings without opening the Menu. PLAY Press to start playing with the current bet settings. Or, if applicable, press Space Bar to start playing with the current bet settings. Quick Stop: Press again to quick stop the reels. SOUND Press to enable or disable Sound. SETTINGS Press to access game Settings. BET SETTINGS Press to access Bet Settings. PAYS / HELP Press to view game pay and help information. GAME HISTORY Press to view game history. All wins occur on active lines. Wins on multiple active paylines are added together. Only highest winner paid per line. Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. Game will automatically complete after 24-48 hours if left in a feature. Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. Each bet level covers all ways. Payoffs on registered credits only. All ways wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels. Progressive tiers are funded by a percentage of all wagers. Last modification date: 9/9/2025