Atomic Meltdown GAME RULES FIXED MULTIPLIER SYMBOLS The Atomic Meltdown 2X symbol appears only on reel 3 and is wild for non-Meltdown symbols multiplying 2X winning combinations. The Atomic Meltdown 3X symbol appears only on reel 2 and is wild for non-Meltdown symbols multiplying 3X winning combinations. The Atomic Meltdown 5X symbol appears only on reel land is wild for non-Meltdown symbols multiplying 5X winning combinations. The Atomic Meltdown 10X symbol appears only on reel land is wild for non-Meltdown symbols multiplying 10X winning combinations. A winning combination consisting of only multipliers will award paytable values and not multiply. A combination of two multipliers on a winning payline with Bars or Sevens are multiplicative (a payline with a combining 5X and 3X forms a 15X winning combination). Fixed Multiplier Symbols landing on all 3 reels and any active payline awards the Jackpot prizes (see paytable). 30X is the max multiplier awarded. RESPIN BONUS The Respin Bonus is triggered randomly by certain winning spins. Reels may spin up to 9 additional times, paying different winning combinations. Each respin awards prizes equal to or more valuable than the previous respin. Reels are weighted differently during Respin Bonus. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION MENU Press to open and close game settings and view game information. BET Press to access Bet Settings without opening the Menu. AUTO SPIN Press to access Auto Spin settings without opening the Menu. SPIN Press to start playing with the current bet settings. Or, if applicable, press Space Bar to start playing with the current bet settings. Quick Stop: Press again to quick stop the reels. LOBBY Press to return to Lobby. SOUND Press to enable or disable Sound. SETTINGS Press to access game Settings. BET SETTINGS Press to access Bet Settings. PAYS / HELP Press to view game pay and help information. RECALL Press to view game history. Game will automatically complete after 24 - 48 hours if left in a feature. Line wins must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the left most reel. All wins occur on active lines. Wins on multiple active paylines are added together. Only highest winner paid per line. Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. © 2019 Everi Games, Inc. All rights reserved. All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of Everi in the U.S. and/or other countries. Atomic Meltdown - 1.1.122-1 RTP 95.30% - 95.95% Last modification date: 11/14/2019