Super Jackpot Wild Gems GAME RULES SPECIAL SYMBOLS Diamond, Ruby and Amethyst symbols are wild and substitute for Seven and Bar symbols that also land on the payline. Diamond, Ruby and Amethyst symbols do not substitute for Multipliers. Only highest winner paid per line. SUPER JACKPOT PROGRESSIVE When 3 Wild Gems land on an active payline, the associated Progressive tier is awarded. See Progressive paytable for prize values. Top Progressive is available only at max lines bet. MULTIPLIER SYMBOLS Certain Bar and Seven symbols display a 2X, 3X, 4X, or 5X multiplier. Multipliers multiply winning combinations except progressives. Two or more multipliers on a payline multiply the winning combination. The maximum total multiplier for a winning combination is 40X. 2X multipliers are available on 7 and Double Bar symbols. 3X multipliers are available on Single Bar and 77 symbols. 4X multipliers are available on Double Bar symbols. 5X multipliers are available on 777 and Single Bar symbols. Progressive tiers are funded by a percentage of all wagers. PAYLINES ADDITIONAL INFORMATION MENU Press to open and close game settings and view game information. BET Press to access Bet Settings without opening the Menu. AUTO SPIN Press to access Auto Spin settings without opening the Menu. SPIN Press to start playing with the current bet settings. Or, if applicable, press Space Bar to start playing with the current bet settings. Quick Stop: Press again to quick stop the reels. SOUND Press to enable or disable Sound. SETTINGS Press to access game Settings. BET SETTINGS Press to access Bet Settings. PAYS / HELP Press to view game pay and help information. RECALL Press to view game history. Game will automatically complete after 24 - 48 hours if left in a feature. Line wins must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. All wins occur on active lines. Wins on multiple active paylines are added together. Only highest winner paid per line. Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. Super Jackpot Wild Gems 1.0.99-3.0.103 Last modification date: 5/2/2023