Blazin' Gems GAME RULES GEM SYMBOLS ARE WILD! The Diamond, Ruby and Citrine symbols are wild and substitute for 7,77,777, Single Bar or Double Bar symbols except multipliers to make winning combinations. BONUS MULTIPLIERS Multipliers multiply winning combinations except progressives. Two or more multipliers on a payline multiply together and multiply the winning combination. The maximum total multiplier for a winning combination is 40X. 2X multipliers are available on 7 and Double Bar symbols. 3X multipliers are available on 77 and Single Bar symbols. 4X multiplier is available on Double Bar symbol. 5X multipliers are available on 777 and Single Bar symbols. PROGRESSIVE JACKPOTS Progressive prizes are available at max bet only. Jackpot triggering symbols must land on active paylines to award jackpots. At max bet, 3 Diamond symbols on payline 9 awards the Tier 1 jackpot. 3 Diamond symbols on paylines 1 to 8 awards the Tier 2 jackpot. 3 Ruby symbols on any payline awards the Tier 3 jackpot. 3 Citrine symbols on any payline awards the Tier 4 jackpot. 3 mixed gem symbols on any payline awards the Tier 5 jackpot. At less than max bet, Jackpot symbols pay flat prizes which are multiplied by bet multiplier. 3 Diamond symbols on payline 9 awards 10000 credits. 3 Diamond symbols on paylines 1 to 8 awards 3500 credits. 3 Ruby symbols on any payline awards 1500 credits. 3 Citrine symbols on any payline awards 700 credits. 3 mixed gem symbols on any payline awards 300 credits. Progressive tiers are funded by a percentage of all wagers. PAYTABLE ADDITIONAL INFORMATION MENU Press to open and close game settings and view game information. BET Press to access Bet Settings without opening the Menu. AUTO SPIN Press to access Auto Spin settings without opening the Menu. SPIN Press to start playing with the current bet settings. Or, if applicable, press Space Bar to start playing with the current bet settings. Quick Stop: Press again to quick stop the reels. LOBBY Press to return to Lobby. SOUND Press to enable or disable Sound. SETTINGS Press to access game Settings. BET SETTINGS Press to access Bet Settings. PAYS / HELP Press to view game pay and help information. RECALL Press to view game history. Game will automatically complete after 24 - 48 hours if left in a feature. Line wins must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. All wins occur on active lines. Wins on multiple active paylines are added together. Only highest winner paid per line. Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. The theoretical return to player RTP is 96%. Last modification date: 9/27/2022