MGM Riches 5X Sapphire GAME RULES WILD SYMBOLS Sapphire Wild, Gold Wild, and Silver Wild symbols are wild and substitute for Seven and Bar symbols that also land on an active payline. Only highest winner paid per line. SYMBOL TRIGGERED PROGRESSIVES The highest progressive jackpot prize ("Grand") is available at max bet only. A reel stop awards the Grand progressive jackpot when 3 Sapphire Wild symbols land on an active Payline 9. 3 Sapphire Wild symbols on an active Payline 1-8 awards the Ultra progressive jackpot. 3 Gold Wild symbols on any active payline awards the Mega progressive jackpot. 3 Silver Wild symbols on any active payline awards the Major progressive jackpot. 3 mixed Wild symbols on any active payline awards the Minor progressive jackpot. Only the highest triggered progressive jackpot is paid per spin. Progressive tiers are funded by a percentage of all wagers. FIXED MULTIPLIER SYMBOLS Certain Bar and Seven symbols display a 2X, 3X, 4X, or 5X multiplier. Multipliers multiply winning combinations except progressives. Two or more multipliers on an active payline multiply together and multiply the winning combination. 2X multiplier is available on a 7 symbol. 3X multiplier is available on a Single Bar and a 77 symbol. 4X multiplier is available on a Double Bar symbol. 5X multipliers are available on a7,a777, anda Single Bar symbol. FREE SPIN BONUS When the Bonus symbol lands on reel 3, the player is awarded 3 free spins. On each free spin, a random multiplier value of 2X, 3X, 4X, 5X, or 10X is displayed while the reels are spinning which will be applied to non-progressive wins on active paylines when the reels stop. Fixed multiplier symbols award normally for winning combinations, and multiply together with the displayed free spin multiplier! If a progressive jackpot will be awarded on the current spin, "JACKPOT" is displayed instead of a multiplier value. Free spins can retrigger, awarding an additional 3 spins each time. Only one progressive jackpot can be awarded during each Free Spin Bonus. Maximum number of spins is 12. Reels are weighted differently during Free Spin Bonus. PAYLINES ADDITIONAL INFORMATION MENU Press to open and close game settings and view game information. BET Press to access Bet Settings without opening the Menu. AUTO SPIN Press to access Auto Spin settings without opening the Menu. SPIN Press to start playing with the current bet settings. Or, if applicable, press Space Bar to start playing with the current bet settings. Quick Stop: Press again to quick stop the reels. SOUND Press to enable or disable Sound. SETTINGS Press to access game Settings. BET SETTINGS Press to access Bet Settings. PAYS / HELP Press to view game pay and help information. RECALL Press to view game history. Game will automatically complete after 24 - 48 hours if left in a feature. Line wins must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. All wins occur on active lines. Wins on multiple active paylines are added together. Only highest winner paid per line. Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 2/22/2023