Dragons Luck GAME RULES FIXED MULTIPLIER SYMBOLS Multipliers multiply winning combinations except progressives. Two or more Multipliers on a payline multiply together and multiply the winning combination. The maximum total multiplier for a winning combination is 45X. 2X Multipliers are available on 777, 77, and 7 symbols. 3X Multipliers are available on 7, Double Bar, and Single Bar symbols. 5X Multipliers are available on 777, 77 and Double Bar symbols. RED DRAGON AND BLUE DRAGON ARE WILD! The Red Dragon and Blue Dragon symbols are wild and substitute for Seven and Bar symbols except Multipliers to make a winning combination. SYMBOL TRIGGERED PROGRESSIVE Certain winning combinations award progressive prizes. Progressive triggering symbols must land on active paylines to award progressives. Three Red Dragon symbols on payline 9 awards the top progressive tier. Three Red Dragon symbols on paylines 1 to 8 awards the second progressive tier. Three Blue Dragon symbols on any payline awards the third progressive tier. Three mixed Dragon symbols on any payline awards the bottom progressive tier. Progressive tiers are funded by a percentage of all wagers. PAYLINES ADDITIONAL INFORMATION MENU Press to open and close game settings and view game information. BET Press to access Bet Settings without opening the Menu. AUTO SPIN Press to access Auto Spin settings without opening the Menu. SPIN Press to start playing with the current bet settings. Or, if applicable, press Space Bar to start playing with the current bet settings. Quick Stop: Press again to quick stop the reels. SOUND Press to enable or disable Sound. SETTINGS Press to access game Settings. BET SETTINGS Press to access Bet Settings. PAYS / HELP Press to view game pay and help information. RECALL Press to view game history. Game will automatically complete after24 - 48hours if left in a feature. Line wins must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. All wins occur on active lines. Wins on multiple active paylines are added together. Only highest winner paid per line. Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 10/13/2022