Wicked Wheel Panda Panda symbols Panda symbols substitute in winning combinations for all symbols except for the Wicked Wheel symbol. When one or more Panda symbols land on reels 3, 4 or 5 each Panda symbol displays a credit prize. Prizes on reel 3 range from 150-250 credits multiplied by bet multiplier. Prizes on reel 4 range from 300 - 500 credits multiplied by bet multiplier. Prizes on reel 5 range from 1,000 - 10,000 credits multiplied by bet multiplier. All credit prizes displayed on the Panda symbols have already been multiplied by bet multiplier. When a Panda symbol is part of a winning combination, the credit prize displayed on that symbol is awarded in addition to any ways wins the symbol is involved in. Each Panda symbol can only award once per spin. Panda symbols are not available on reels 1 and 2. PROGRESSIVE PICK BONUS On any spin that does not trigger the Wicked Wheel Bonus, one or more scattered Panda symbols will send a coin to the Golden Treasure area above the reels which may randomly trigger the Progressive Pick Bonus. The accumulation of coins in the Golden Treasure is for entertainment purposes only and has no effect on the odds of triggering the Progressive Pick Bonus. Upon entering the Progressive Pick Bonus players will pick from 21 coins to reveal either progressive or Panda symbols. Match 3 progressive symbols to win that jackpot! Revealing a Panda removes the Mini progressive symbols from the pick field and the Mini progressive tier from the meters above for the remainder of the bonus. If a second Panda is found all Minor symbols are removed from the pick field and the Minor tier is eliminated for the remainder of the pick bonus. If a third Panda is found all Major symbols are removed and the Major tier is eliminated for the remainder of the pick bonus. There are 3 Panda symbols total within the pick field. The Golden Treasure animations are for display purposes only and have no effect on triggering the Progressive Pick Bonus. Player's choice of picks has no impact on the awarded prize. Wicked Wheel symbol is the scattered symbol. 3 Wicked Wheel symbols landing scattered on reels 3, 4 and 5 triggers the Wicked Wheel Bonus. The wheel contains credit slices with values ranging from 5 - 375X total bet and three progressive slices. One spin is awarded during the Wicked Wheel Bonus. Upon triggering the Wicked Wheel Bonus, the progressive slices will randomly reveal three different progressive symbols. After the progressive symbols are displayed on their slices, Panda will then fly around the wheel applying up to 12 multipliers to the credit slices. The multipliers consist of 2X, 3X, 5X and 10X. The 10X multiplier cannot be applied to the 375X total bet credit slice. After adding multipliers, the wheel will spin. Landing on a progressive slice awards the corresponding progressive prize and immediately ends the bonus. Upon landing on a credit or credit with multiplier slice Panda may randomly nudge the wheel to an increased credit or increased credit with multiplier slice before ending the bonus. The Wicked Wheel Bonus and Progressive Pick Bonus cannot be triggered on the same spin. BET METER Betting up increases the chances of winning a progressive in either the Progressive Pick Bonus or Wicked Wheel Bonus. The bet meter on the base game shows the current bet level. WAYS PAYS For all symbols except Wicked Wheel symbols, ways wins pay through any position on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. EACH SYMBOL IS USED ONLY ONCE PER WINNING COMBINATION -WAYS WINS ARE COMBINED AND ADDED ADDITIONAL INFORMATION MENU Press to open and close game settings and view game information. BET Press to access Bet Settings without opening the Menu. AUTO SPIN Press to access Auto Spin settings without opening the Menu. SPIN Press to start playing with the current bet settings. Or, if applicable, press Space Bar to start playing with the current bet settings. Quick Stop: Press again to quick stop the reels. SOUND Press to enable or disable Sound. SETTINGS Press to access game Settings. BET SETTINGS Press to access Bet Settings. PAYS / HELP Press to view game pay and help information. Game will automatically complete after 24-48 hours if left in a feature. Line wins must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. All wins occur on active lines. Wins on multiple active paylines are added together. Only highest winner paid when centered on a payline. Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. Different reels used by lines bet. Payoffs on registered credits only.