Crush Dynasty PAYTABLE Available boulders are BROWN,BLACK,GREEN,PURPLE,BLUE Available prizes for each boulder are a credit prize between 60-50,000 credits times bet multiplier or a Progressive award. Progressive tiers are funded by a percentage of all wagers. All pays except progressives are shown in credits. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. BASE GAME FEATURES Commit a wager for a chance to crush the active boulder. Crushing a boulder causes the boulder to disappear and a revealed prize is awarded. Available boulders are BROWN,BLACK,GREEN,PURPLE,BLUE. Available prizes for each boulder are a credit prize between 60-50,000 credits times bet multiplier or a Progressive award. If a BLACK is crushed and a credit prize that is less than 100 credits times bet multiplier would be awarded, it will instead award 100 credits times bet multiplier. If a GREEN is crushed and a credit prize that is less than 200 credits times bet multiplier would be awarded, it will instead award 200 credits times bet multiplier. If a PURPLE is crushed and a credit prize that is less than 400 credits times bet multiplier would be awarded, it will instead award 400 credits times bet multiplier. If a BLUE is crushed and a credit prize that is less than 750 credits times bet multiplier would be awarded, it will instead award 750 credits times bet multiplier. All credit prizes displayed during gameplay have already been multiplied by the bet multiplier. After a boulder is crushed, a new boulder is randomly selected from the front of one of the two displayed boulder trails. Any displayed damage to a boulder is for entertainment purposes only and has no effect on the odds of winning. Boulder trails and active boulder are saved separately for each bet multiplier. PROGRESSIVES Randomly, when attempting to crush a boulder in the base game, the boulder will display and cycle through ULTRA, GRAND, MAJOR, MINOR, and MINI. Pressing the Play button again will crush the boulder and award the indicated progressive. The progressive cycling over the boulder is for entertainment purposes only and is not indicative of the odds of winning a particular progressive. Player interaction has no influence on the progressive tier awarded. If crushing a boulder during RAMPAGE awards a progressive, no player input is necessary, and one progressive is displayed and awarded. Progressives cannot be awarded on the same crush attempt that triggers RAMPAGE. Progressive awards are not multiplied by the bet multiplier. RAMPAGE Randomly, when committing a wager, RAMPAGE will trigger. During RAMPAGE, up to 26 boulders may be crushed, awarding each crushed boulder's revealed credit prize. RAMPAGE ends after a losing crush attempt is displayed. If crushing a boulder during RAMPAGE awards a progressive, no player input is necessary, and one progressive is displayed and awarded. Progressives cannot be awarded on the same crush attempt that triggers RAMPAGE. Progressive awards are not multiplied by the bet multiplier. Last modification date: 8/20/2024