Midnight Matinee GAME RULES MIDNIGHT MATINEE WILDS When the Midnight Matinee symbol lands on reel 5 in any position, the Midnight Matinee symbol and all Monster symbols on the reels become wild. The Wild symbols are wild for all symbols, except the Bonus symbol and the Free Spin symbol. MAGIC GRAVEYARD BONUS 3 Bonus symbols scattered on reels 1, 3 and 5 trigger the bonus. 5 picks are awarded and a spooky graveyard full of tombstones is revealed. Picking each tombstone may reveal a prize of credits ranging from 30 to 100 credits x bet per line, 3 additional picks, or a +1 multiplier increase. The bonus may award a total of up 17 picks and a 5x multiplier. The multiplier applies to the bonus credits won. FREE SPIN BONUS WITH WILD STICKY STACKS Three Free Spin symbols landing scattered on reels 3, 4 and 5 triggers the Free Spin Bonus with Wild Sticky Stacks and awards a credit prize of 2x total bet. The player will be prompted to pick one of the 4 Monster symbols to act as the Sticky Stack and to initiate the free spins. The player is awarded 6 free spins. Like the base game, all Monster symbols appear in stacks in the Free Spin Bonus. During the free spins, the player's chosen Monster symbol will act as the Sticky Stack. When the chosen Monster symbol appears on the reels, the symbol(s) will remain for the duration of the free spins acting as a sticky wild for the rest of the spins. The other Monster symbols act as normal line plays (non-wild, non-sticky). The Free Spin Bonus uses an alternate set of reels. PAYLINES ADDITIONAL INFORMATION MENU Press to open and close game settings and view game information. BET Press to access Bet Settings without opening the Menu. AUTO SPIN Press to access Auto Spin settings without opening the Menu. SPIN Press to start playing with the current bet settings. Or, if applicable, press Space Bar to start playing with the current bet settings. Quick Stop: Press again to quick stop the reels. LOBBY Press to return to Lobby. SOUND Press to enable or disable Sound. SETTINGS Press to access game Settings. BET SETTINGS Press to access Bet Settings. PAYS / HELP Press to view game pay and help information. RECALL Press to view game history. Game will automatically complete after 24 - 72 hours if left in a feature. Line wins must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. All wins occur on active lines. Wins on multiple active paylines are added together. Only highest winner paid per line. Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. The theoretical return to player (RTP) is 96% Last modification date: 11/23/2021