Blazin Grand REEL ACTIVATION GAME RULES The activated reels correspond directly to each bet level. Bet 1 credit to play on the 1st reel only with a maximum possible award of 10 credits. Bet 5 credits to play reels 1 and 2 only with a maximum possible award of 105 credits. Max bet to play all 3 reels with a maximum possible award of 10,500 credits. Number symbols available on Reel 1 are 1, 2, 5, and 10. Number symbols available on Reel 2 are 0 and 5. Number symbols available on Reel 3 are 0, 5, and 00. Only the highest displayed prize is paid per spin. ZERO RESPIN The Zero Respin bonus is triggered on a losing spin with at least one active reel displaying 0 or 00 on the payline. Any active reels that landed a blank on the payline will respin once. If the respin is a losing spin that lands a new 0 or 00 on the payline, the remaining active reel will respin once more, if applicable. The Zero Respin bonus cannot occur on a 1 credit bet. Reels are weighted differently during the Zero Respin bonus. NUDGE FEATURE The Nudge feature may randomly trigger on any spin with at least one active reel displaying a symbol above or below the payline. When triggered, any active reel that landed a symbol above or below the payline will nudge its symbol up or down onto the payline. The Nudge feature cannot trigger the Zero Respin bonus. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION MENU Press to open and close game settings and view game information. BET Press to access Bet Settings without opening the Menu. AUTO SPIN Press to access Auto Spin settings without opening the Menu. SPIN Press to start playing with the current bet settings. Or, if applicable, press Space Bar to start playing with the current bet settings. Quick Stop: Press again to quick stop the reels. LOBBY Press to return to Lobby. SOUND Press to enable or disable Sound. SETTINGS Press to access game Settings. BET SETTINGS Press to access Bet Settings. PAYS / HELP Press to view game pay and help information. RECALL Press to view game history. Game will automatically complete after 24 - 48 hours if left in a feature. Line wins must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. All wins occur on active lines. Wins on multiple active paylines are added together. Only highest winner paid per line. Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 5/29/2025