Jīnzi Roulette JĪNZI ROULETTE™ Step into the beautiful world of Jīnzi Roulette™, where ancient traditions meet thrilling chance and strategy. Designed around the powerful symbols of the Chinese Zodiac, this unique take on the classic roulette game lets you place your bets on any of the zodiac animals. Spin the vibrant wheel and watch as the ball races toward your chosen fate. With a variety of betting options and a rich, visually stunning design, Jīnzi Roulette™ offers a fast-paced, heart-racing experience. Will you align with the lucky Year of the Dragon, or will the clever Monkey bring you fortune? Place your bets to see if you’ll be the next big winner in this game of luck! Malfunction voids all pays and plays. THE ROULETTE WHEEL The roulette wheel has 13 numbered slots, each of which can be bet on. Numbers 1 to 12 are represented by an animal from the Chinese Zodiac, while the 0 slot is represented by a Gold Coin. The wheel is spun clockwise and a ball is spun on the wheel counterclockwise. The ball will land in one of the numbered slots. If the player bets on a position that contains the numbered slot the ball has landed in, a payout will be awarded in accordance with the paytable. The numbered slot the ball landed in will be displayed prominently along with additional information like Animal Icon, Color, and Small / Big. Jīnzi Roulette is a fixed odds betting game based on roulette. THE BETTING TABLE There are different chip values on the chip tray that can be used to place bets on the table. Any value that is bet or won that does not match with a value shown in the chip tray will be shown on a yellow chip with the value on top. To place a bet, click on the desired chip value then click on the position/s to bet on or with a chip selected, click and drag chips to the desired location on the table. There are many different types of bets, including bets placed on multiple numbers with a single chip. All possible bets are listed in the paytable section. Players may place as many different bets of as many different values as desired on each round, provided the total amount wagered per round meets the minimum or does not exceed the table maximum. Players can select a different chip by clicking on a chip of another value. The total bet amount will be shown in the BET meter at the bottom right of the screen. Each position on the table has a minimum bet and a maximum bet. If a bet is higher than the maximum or lower than the minimum stated in the Bet Limits section in the top right of the screen, the bet will not be accepted with a popup text stating the reason. Once bet(s) have been placed, click on the PLAY button or on the roulette wheel itself to start the game. BALL LANDS ON ZERO If the ball lands on Zero (0), all bets on the betting table where Zero is not involved will get 50% of the bet back. If there is any bet on the table that would get a payout rom landing on 0, this would pay as per paytable. QUICK PLAY QUICK PLAY Mode can be used to play a round where the ball spinning sequence and animation will be skipped. To enable Quick Play, click the Lightning Bolt Button; the Play button will now have a Lightning Icon on it. To disable Quick Play, click the Stop button. HISTORY METER The History meter shows the previous game results. It holds the result of the past 12 games. Last modification date: 6/26/2025