Triple Jackpot Gems GAME RULES FIXED MULTIPLIER SYMBOLSThe Triple Jackpot symbol is wild and substitutes for any non-jackpot symbols to make winning Seven and Bar combinations. One Triple Jackpot symbol pays 3X the winning combination, except for progressives. Two Triple Jackpot symbols pay 9X the winning combination, except for progressives. The Red Jackpot and Purple Jackpot symbols are wild and substitute for any non-jackpot symbol to make winning Seven and Bar combinations. SYMBOL-TRIGGERED PROGRESSIVES 3 Triple Jackpot symbols on an active Payline 9 awards the top progressive jackpot.3 Triple Jackpot symbols on an active Payline 1-8 awards the 2nd tier progressive jackpot.3 Red Jackpot symbols on an active payline awards the 3rd tier progressive jackpot.3 Purple Jackpot symbols on an active payline awards the 4th tier progressive jackpot.3 of any Jackpot symbols on an active payline awards the 5th tier progressive jackpot. Only the highest progressive jackpot achieved is awarded. Progressive jackpots are not multiplied by the Triple Jackpot symbol. 3 Jackpot symbols on an active payline will pay only the progressive tier for the respective combination. The odds of winning the progressive jackpots improve as Lines Bet increases. Progressive tiers are funded by a percentage of all wagers. PAYTABLE ADDITIONAL INFORMATION: MENU Press to open and close game settings and view game information. BET Press to access Bet Settings without opening the Menu. AUTO SPIN Press to access Auto Spin settings without opening the Menu. SPIN Press to start playing with the current bet settings. Or, if applicable, press Space Bar to start playing with the current bet settings. Quick Stop: Press again to quick stop the reels. LOBBY Press to return to Lobby. SOUND Press to enable or disable Sound. SETTINGS Press to access game Settings. BET SETTINGS Press to access Bet Settings. PAYS / HELP Press to view game pay and help information. RECALL Press to view game history. Game will automatically complete after 24 - 48 hours if left in a feature. Line wins must occur on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. All wins occur on active lines. Wins on multiple active paylines are added together. Only highest winner paid per line. Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. The theoretical return to player RTP is 96%.