Fire Phoenix Burst GAME RULES PHOENIX BURST FEATURE A landing anywhere on the reels triggers the Phoenix Burst Feature. During the feature, any that land on the reels will transform into filling two adjacent reel positions in opposite directions with in the diagrams below. as demonstrated in the diagrams below may become , , or . Any that lands on the edge of the reel array may only fill one adjacent reel position with if the opposite adjacent reel position is outside of the reel array. All non pays are evaluated before any transform. All pays are evaluated after all have transformed FREE GAMES FEATURE Bonus symbol is a scattered symbol. 3 or more scattered anywhere on the reels trigger the Free Games Feature. If the Free Games Feature is triggered on a spin with one or more ,the free games are awarded immediately and the Phoenix Burst Feature occurs after the completion of the free games. 3 scattered award 8 free games. 4 scattered award 12 free games. 5 scattered award 20 free games. During the feature, 2 scattered award an additional 5 games. During the feature, any that land on the reels will transform into filling all reel positions in a line with as demonstrated in the diagrams below. May become , , or . Any on screen are evaluated before any transform. An alternate set of reels is used for the Free Games Feature. The maximum number of free games is 99. 720 WAYS For all symbols except , winning combinations pay left to right through any position on reels 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5 beginning from the leftmost reel. Coinciding wins are added. 3x4x5x4x3 = 720 Ways 3 of a kind 4 of a kind 5 of a kind 3 of a kind 2 ways No Win ADDITIONAL INFORMATION MENU Press to open and close game settings and view game information. BET Press to access Bet Settings without opening the Menu. AUTO SPIN Press to access Auto Spin settings without opening the Menu. SPIN Press to start playing with the current bet settings. Or, if applicable, press Space Bar to start playing with the current bet settings. Quick Stop: Press again to quick stop the reels. LOBBY Press to return to Lobby. SOUND Press to enable or disable Sound. SETTINGS Press to access game Settings. BET SETTINGS Press to access Bet Settings. PAYS / HELP Press to view game pay and help information. RECALL Press to view game history. Game will automatically complete after 24-48 hours if left in a feature. All Ways wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels Payoffs on registered credits only Only highest winner paid per winning combination. Malfunction voids all pays and plays Last modification date: 2/14/2023