Duck Hunters Duck Hunters is a video slot with following feature(s): xWays and Infectious xWays Bomb Duck Hunt Spins Hawk Eye Spins Big Game Spins Nolimit Boosters Extra Spin A 6-reel, 5-row video slot with 14 symbols. A Wild symbol substitutes for any other symbol except Bonus. Coinciding wins on multiple combinations are paid out. Winning combinations and pays are made according to the pay table. Different reel configurations are used, depending on the game mode (main game or any of the bonus modes). The theoretical return to the player for this game is 93.94%. The theoretical return to the player for xBet is 94.07%. The theoretical return to the player for Day 2 Spins is -6%. The theoretical return to the player for Day 64 Spins is -6%. The theoretical return to the player for Day 1024 Spins is -6%. The theoretical return to the player for Duck Hunt Spins feature buy is -2%. The theoretical return to the player for Hawk Eye Spins feature buy is -3%. The theoretical return to the player for Big Game Spins feature buy is -4%. The theoretical return to the player for Lucky Draw feature buy is -5%. Simulated maximum payout is 50000 times the bet (1:10000000000 rounds). Optimal return to player is achieved by not choosing an Extra Spin. Game rounds with a win where Extra spin is available, that is not finished within hours will automatically be closed. Any accumulated wins during that game round will be paid out. Action Spins: Extra Spin is available only if the player chooses “Play bonus in game” option. When the total win exceeds 50000x, the game round will end and 50000 times the base bet is awarded. Features and spin results affect each other within a game round. All symbol payout values in pay table are displayed in the same currency as bet placed. A malfunction voids all pays. Malfunction in gaming hardware/software; all affected bets are refunded. Game rounds not finished within 90days will automatically be closed. Any accumulated wins during that game round will be paid out. These rounds cannot be replayed. Autoplay automatically plays the game for selected number of rounds or when any of the advanced autoplay setting criteria are fulfilled. When changing autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect upon completion of the game round or feature. Some autoplay features may be mandatory for some jurisdictions. When playing with Cryptocurrency, unfinished game rounds and states will automatically reset after 24 hours. Any accumulated wins during this round will be paid out. Malfunction Voids all pays and plays. RTP: 94.03%