Dazzle Me Christmas Game Basics Dazzle MeРёб Christmas is a 5-reel video slot with Wild Reels, Free Spins with Linked Reels, and the Elevate Feature with 4 options. The reels in the main game are arranged so that reels 1РђЊ2 are 3 symbols high, 3РђЊ4 are 4 symbols high, and reel 5 is 5 symbols high, from left to right. The reels in Free Spins are 5-row high. The game is played with 76 bet lines (fixed) in the main game and 90 bet lines (fixed) in Free Spins that pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel, without gaps. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added, and only the highest win per bet line is paid. A bet line win is equal to the value shown in the Paytable multiplied by any applicable multipliers. Symbol payout values shown in the Paytable are dynamic and change in accordance with the selected bet value. Wild Reels The Wild Reels feature can be activated randomly during the main game. The reels spin and Wild symbols land to cover an entire reel. 1 to 5 reels can turn into Wild Reels. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except for the Scatter symbols. Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line, according to the Paytable. Free Spins 3, 4, or 5 Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on the reels activate 8, 12, or 16 Free Spins respectively. When Free Spins begin, the reels expand to become 5-row high. Scatter symbols may have multipliers attached to them, depending on the reel they land on. Scatters can have the following multipliers: on reel 2: x2 multiplier on reel 3: x3 multiplier on reel 4: x4 multiplier on reel 5: x5 multiplier The sum of the multiplier values becomes the Free Spins multiplier if at least 3 Scatters land on the reels, activating Free Spins. A Free Spins multiplier, set by default to x1 (unless the Scatter symbols that activated Free Spins had multipliers), is activated when Free Spins begin and increases by +1 for each spin with at least one bet line win. Each bet line win during Free Spins is multiplied by the current Free Spins multiplier, after which the Free Spins multiplier increases by +1 before the next spin. When Free Spins end, the multiplier resets back to x1. If 3, 4, or 5 Scatter symbols land anywhere on the reels during Free Spins, they reactivate Free Spins by adding 8, 12, or 16 Free Spins, respectively, to the remaining number of Free Spins. Scatter multipliers are added to the current Free Spins multiplier. The Linked Reels feature is activated only during Free Spins. At the beginning of each Free Spin, identical Linked Reels appear adjacently on any of reels 1РђЊ4, where the right reel is an identical copy of the left reel. The Linked Reels feature links reels 1РђЊ2 and/or reels 3РђЊ4 together. Free Spins are played at the same bet as the round that activated Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the total win from Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins, and the game returns to the round that activated Free Spins. Elevate Feature In-game features can be activated with the Elevate Feature. In the Elevate Feature, one of the following features can be activated per game round: Scatter Hunt Increases the chance of activating Free Spins for a round for 2 times the bet. Wild Reels mode For 10 times the bet, each spin is guaranteed to have at least 1 Wild Reel and a Random Multiplier (x1, x2, x5, or x10), which will multiply the spin win and become the Free Spins multiplier if Free Spins are activated. If Free Spins are triggered during Wild Reels, and the Scatters have multipliers attached to them, the Free Spins multiplier will be the sum of all multipliers on the screen (Random Multiplier + Scatter multipliers). Free Spins mode For 100 times the bet, 3 to 5 Scatter symbols are guaranteed to appear on the reels in the next spin. Enhanced Free Spins mode For 300 times the bet, 3 to 5 Scatter symbols are guaranteed to land on the reels, with at least one Scatter symbol having a multiplier of x2, x3, x4, or x5. Paytable Symbol Payout Values 5 РЂдРЂд$РЂЕ1.50РЂЕ 4 РЂдРЂд$РЂЕ0.75РЂЕ 3 РЂдРЂд$РЂЕ0.40РЂЕ 5 РЂдРЂд$РЂЕ1.50РЂЕ 4 РЂдРЂд$РЂЕ0.75РЂЕ 3 РЂдРЂд$РЂЕ0.40РЂЕ 5 РЂдРЂд$РЂЕ0.75РЂЕ 4 РЂдРЂд$РЂЕ0.40РЂЕ 3 РЂдРЂд$РЂЕ0.30РЂЕ 5 РЂдРЂд$РЂЕ0.50РЂЕ 4 РЂдРЂд$РЂЕ0.30РЂЕ 3 РЂдРЂд$РЂЕ0.20РЂЕ 5 РЂдРЂд$РЂЕ0.50РЂЕ 4 РЂдРЂд$РЂЕ0.30РЂЕ 3 РЂдРЂд$РЂЕ0.20РЂЕ 5 РЂдРЂд$РЂЕ0.40РЂЕ 4 РЂдРЂд$РЂЕ0.20РЂЕ 3 РЂдРЂд$РЂЕ0.10РЂЕ 5 РЂдРЂд$РЂЕ0.40РЂЕ 4 РЂдРЂд$РЂЕ0.20РЂЕ 3 РЂдРЂд$РЂЕ0.10РЂЕ Pay Mechanic The main game has 76 fixed bet lines. Free Spins have 90 fixed bet lines. Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel, without gaps. The winning possibilities are conclusively shown in the illustrations above. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. For more information, see Unfinished Game Rounds. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 94.11%. The theoretical return to player in Elevate Feature with Scatter Hunt is 94.08%. The theoretical return to player in Elevate Feature with Wild Reels is 94.11%. The theoretical return to player in Elevate Feature with Free Spins is 94.15%. The theoretical return to player in Elevate Feature with Enhanced Free Spins is 94.32%. Betting To play the game, you must have sufficient funds to cover your bet. You can see your current BALANCE on your screen. To start playing, first select the bet value. Click/tap "+" or "-" to increase or reduce the bet or click/tap on the bet value in the middle and select a bet value from a scrollable list. Please note that the selected bet will be applied to each spin. If your balance becomes insufficient to play, your bet will be automatically reduced to the highest available bet value. Minimum bet: РЂдРЂд$РЂЕ0.2РЂЕ Maximum bet: РЂдРЂд$РЂЕ2,000РЂЕ Elevate Features have separate max bet values, listed below: Elevate Feature Maximum bet Scatter Hunt РЂдРЂд$РЂЕ4,000РЂЕ Wild Reels mode РЂдРЂд$РЂЕ20,000РЂЕ Free Spins mode РЂдРЂд$РЂЕ200,000РЂЕ Enhanced Free Spins mode РЂдРЂд$РЂЕ600,000РЂЕ Once you have chosen the bet, click/tap the SPIN button to start playing. During a spin, you can use the STOP button to stop the reels more quickly if possible. To use the Elevate Feature, click/tap the ELEVATE button. In the Elevate Feature panel, select the feature of your choice. The total Elevate cost and the winnings are dynamic and change according to the spin bet value. The Elevate Feature remains active for every spin until manually deactivated. Autoplay Autoplay allows you to repeat your selected bet for a chosen number of game rounds. To start Autoplay, choose the desired bet value and then click/tap the Autoplay button. In the Autoplay panel, you can start Autoplay by selecting the number of rounds you want your bet to be repeated for. Your selected number of Autoplay rounds will be displayed on the Autoplay button. The number of remaining Autoplay rounds will be updated, once Autoplay is started. Your total Autoplay bet amount is calculated by multiplying the number of Autoplay rounds with the value of your bet. It is indicated under each Autoplay option. The remaining Autoplay bet amount will also be displayed under the chosen Autoplay option, once Autoplay has started. Your automatic game rounds will continue until either your chosen number of Autoplay rounds are complete, you choose to stop Autoplay by clicking/tapping STOP, or the Free Spins round is activated. When Autoplay is stopped, you will be able to start Autoplay with the previously selected bet and number of rounds again by clicking/tapping REPEAT. While Autoplay is running, it is not possible to change your bets. You should stop Autoplay to change the bets. Other Controls BUTTON FUNCTION Click/tap the SOUND button to turn the game sounds on or off. Alternatively, use the slider to adjust the volume of game sounds. The button and/or the slider might not be available on some devices. Click/tap the SETTINGS button to open a menu of user-changeable settings: All sounds: Turns the game sounds on or off. You can also use the slider to adjust the volume of game sounds, if it is available on your device. Game effects and Music: Turn the game effects or music on or off. Alternatively, use the sliders to adjust the volume. Game Speed: Select the desired spin speed Рђћ REGULAR, QUICK SPIN, or SUPER QUICK SPIN. Alternatively, click the QUICK SPIN button, if available on your device, to go from REGULAR to QUICK, from QUICK to SUPER QUICK, and from SUPER QUICK back to REGULAR speed. Intro screen: Turns the intro screen on or off. Confirm Elevate Features: Enables / disables the confirmation dialog when buying Elevate Features. Spacebar to spin / stop a spin: Enables / disables the option to start or stop a spin using the spacebar. Click/tap the GAME HISTORY button to view the game rounds you have played and the results of those rounds. Click/tap the HOW TO PLAY button to view the game rules. Click/tap the FULL SCREEN button to enter the full screen mode or click/tap the EXIT FULL SCREEN button to exit it. Click/tap the HOME button to leave the game. Responsible Gaming The RESPONSIBLE GAMING button allows you to access the page outlining the Responsible Gaming policy. This page provides useful information and links regarding responsible online gaming behaviour and how to set limitations to your game sessions. Unfinished Game Rounds All unfinished game rounds, regardless of whether further player activity is required, shall be auto completed after thirty (30) minutes of inactivity. All winnings and/or losses from the auto completed rounds shall subsequently be deposited or withdrawn, as required, from the player's account. The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the Operator's website. For more information, refer to the Operator's website: The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. Game Number Each game round is identified by a unique GAME NUMBER. This number reflects when the game round began in terms of GMT by hour: minute: second . Please use this game number for reference (or take a screenshot of the game number) if you wish to contact Customer Service regarding a particular round. Shortcut Keys Shortcut keys can be used to quickly perform useful game functions. KEY FUNCTION ESC When applicable, the ESC key can be used to: Exit full-screen mode. Close an open pop-up window (Game History, How to Play, Settings, etc.). SPACEBAR When applicable, the SPACEBAR key can be used to: Start a spin (if the РђюSpacebar to spin / stop spinРђЮ option is enabled). Skip some of the animations and end the game round more quickly if possible. Last modification date: 12/9/2025