Bonanza Tapcards Bonanza TapCards Help Introducing the game Bonanza TapCards™ is a TapCards™ game from Big Time Gaming. Each card has 7 to 16 symbols. Prizes are awarded for 3, 4 and 5 matching symbols. Multiple symbols can win per card. How to play Select your stake by clicking the left and right arrow buttons on the stake. The stake value is displayed in the stake display. All payouts are multiplied by the stake of each individual spin. Auto play To set up Auto play press the Auto button. This will display Auto play panel which the player can use to modify the number of spins, set a loss limit or set a win limit. When a loss limit has been set the player can select Start to commence auto play. When Auto play is on, the Play button will change to a Stop button. The remaining Auto plays will be displayed in the Stop button. The player can cancel Auto play by clicking the Stop button. Auto play will stop automatically if any of the limits set is reached or anything occurs that requires player intervention. Auto play may not be available in your jurisdiction. Start the game Press the Play button to display a new card. The tap areas on the card reveal symbols or more tap areas as they are tapped. Pressing the yellow button with four squares has the same effect as tapping each area. When no tap areas remain, the result is displayed. Turbo Turbo mode removes unnecessary delays. Turbo can be switched on and off in the OPTIONS menu. Turbo may be limited or unavailable in your jurisdiction. Symbol Wins Wins are awarded for 3 or more matching revealed symbols, regardless of size, in any position. Highest win paid per winning combination. All winning combinations are added together. See PAYS for further information. Wild Wild substitutes for all symbols, including the Tap Pot symbol. Tap Pot™ Prizes There are 3 Tap Pot prizes available. Tap Pot prizes are won by matching 3 or more Tap Pot symbols. Mini: 250 x stake, won by 3 Tap Pot symbols. Midi: 1000 x stake, won by 4 Tap Pot symbols. Maxi: 25000 x stake, won by 5 Tap Pot symbols. Return to Player (RTP) The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Values are calculated initially by dividing the total payouts by the total bets from a simulation of numerous game rounds. Values reflect the maximum expected RTP and do not change. Overall RTP: 94.46% General Information In the event of a non-responsive game or problem during a spin, the game will repeat the incomplete spin and display the result to the player when the game is next launched. Incomplete games will be automatically resolved after 30 minutes. Any winnings resulting from automatic resolve shall be paid to the player's account. System malfunction voids all pays and plays. Additional Information All unfinished game rounds, regardless of whether further player activity is required, shall be auto completed after thirty (30) minutes of inactivity. All winnings and/or loses from the auto completed rounds shall subsequently be deposited or withdrawn, as required, from the player's account. The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the Operator's website. For more information, refer to the Operator's website: The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. Last modification date: 12/23/2025