American Red Door Roulette Roulette is one of the oldest and most-famous casino games around. Our Roulette wheel has 37 separately numbered slots alternately coloured red and black, with the '0' coloured green. The objective is to predict which number the ball will stop on once it has been released into the spinning wheel by the dealer. How to play To place a bet, select your chip value from the 'BANK' window and then click directly on the area of the table on which you wish to place your bet. Multiple clicks will increase the number of chips you bet. To remove a chip, click the 'Clear last' button. Alternatively, click 'Cancel' to remove all chips from the table. All bets must be placed before the timer shown in the 'BANK' window runs out. The dealer will spin the wheel and release the ball. Once the ball has come to rest, the dealer will announce the winning number and all bets will be settled automatically. The timer will then begin counting down to the start of the next game. You can make a number of different bets in Roulette. These are split into inside bets , which are bets placed on the numbered section of the table, and outside bets , which are placed on the other areas. Malfunction voids all pays and plays Inside bets Straight-up bet A bet on an individual number. The simplest Roulette bet with the highest payout chance. This bet pays at 35:1 plus the original stake. Split bet A two-number bet which is placed on the line connecting the two numbers– for example, covering 24 and 27. This type of bet pays 17:1 plus the original stake. Corner bet A four-number bet placed at the corner of four numbers - for example, covering 8, 9, 11 and 12. This bet pays 8:1 plus the original stake. Street bet A three-number bet placed at the end of a row of numbers - for example, covering 13, 14 and 15. A street bet pays 11:1 plus the original stake. Line bet A six-number bet placed at the junction of two street bets – for example, covering 31, 32, 33, 34, 35 and 36. Line bets pay 5:1 plus the original stake. Special bets These are a number of multiple bets that are traditional to the game. Each bet covers a different group of numbers. These bets are available through the 'Special bets' button. Payouts vary for these bets. Outside bets Column bet A 12-number bet which covers all of the numbers in the corresponding column. This bet pays at 2:1 plus the stake. Dozen bet Another 12-number bet. Players can choose the first dozen (covering 1 to 12), the second dozen (covering 13 to 24) or the third dozen (covering 25 to 36). Again, this bet pays 2:1 plus original stake. Colour bet An 18-number bet which covers all the red numbers or all the black numbers. Colour bets pay at 1:1 plus original stake. Even/odd bet An 18-number bet in which the player chooses to bet on any odd number or any even number. This bet pays 1:1 plus original stake. Game features Chat : This feature launches the chat window so you to talk to the dealers or contact the supervisor if you need to. History : This displays the results of recent spins of the wheel. GAME OBJECTIVE The objective in ROULETTE is to predict the number on which the ball will land by placing one or more bets that cover that particular number. The wheel includes the numbers 1-36 plus a single 0. After the time allotted for betting has expired, the dealer releases the spinning ball within the roulette wheel. The ball will eventually come to rest in one of the numbered pockets within the wheel. You win if you have placed a bet that covers that particular number. BET TYPES You can place many different kinds of bets on the Roulette table. Each type of bet covers a certain range of numbers, and each type has its own payout rate. Bets that are made on the numbered space or on the lines between them are called Inside Bets, while the bets made on the special boxes below and to the left of the board are called Outside Bets. INSIDE BETS : Straight Up - place your chip directly on any single number (including zero). Split Bet - place your chip on the line between any two numbers, either on the vertical or horizontal. Street Bet - place your chip at the end of any row of numbers. A street bet covers three numbers. Corner Bet - place your chip at the corner where four numbers meet. All four numbers are covered. Line Bet - place your chip at the end of two rows on the intersection between them. A line bet covers all the numbers in both rows, for a total of six numbers. OUTSIDE BETS : Column Bet - place your chip in one of the boxes marked "2 to 1" at the end of the column that covers all 12 numbers in that column. The zero is not covered by any column bet. Dozen Bet - place your chip in one of the three boxes marked "1st 12," "2nd 12" or "3rd 12" to cover the twelve numbers above it. Red/Black - place your chip on the Red or Black box to cover the 18 red or black numbers. The zero is not covered by these bets. Even/Odd - place your chip in one of these boxes to cover the 18 even or odd numbers. The zero is not covered by these bets. 1-18/19-36 - place your chip on either of these boxes to cover the first or latter 18 numbers. The zero is not covered by these bets. NEIGHBOUR & SPECIAL BETS Click the NEIGHBOUR & SPECIAL BETS button to view a list of special bets as well as the racetrack , which facilitates the placement of neighbour bets and special bets. Re-click the button to close/re-open this feature. It will close automatically when betting time has expired. ROULETTE RACETRACK Use the racetrack-shaped betting area to more easily place traditional special bets and neighbour bets. Each bet covers a different set of numbers. Payouts on the different bets vary. Malfunction Voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 3/3/2026