Wild Mining XXXtreme Game Basics Wild Mining™ XXXtreme is a 6-reel video slot with the Wild Zippy feature, Avalanche™, and the Elevate feature with two options of XXXtreme Spins. The play area is arranged in 6 vertical reels where reels 1 and 6 are 4 symbols high, and reels 2, 3, 4, and 5 are 5 symbols high. The game is played with 10000 bet ways and different bet values. Matching symbols in any position on three or more adjacent reels, from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel, without gaps, result in a bet way win. More bet way wins are created when additional instances of the symbol appear on the same reels that make the longest bet way win. Only the longest matching combination per symbol is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet ways are added. A bet way win is equal to the value shown in the Paytable multiplied by any applicable multiplier. Symbol payout values shown in the Paytable are dynamic and change in accordance with the selected bet value. Bet Ways Calculation Example The longest winning combination of Miner symbols is 6 symbols on reels 1-6. The number of winning bet ways is calculated by multiplying the number of Miner symbols on each of these reels: 1 x 2 x 2 x 2 x 1 x 1 = 8 winning bet ways. When Wild symbols form a winning combination on their own, the number of winning bet ways is calculated by deducting the winning bet ways for the Wild symbols only from the standard calculation of A symbols and Wilds on each of the reels 1–3. In this case, the calculation is: (1+1) x (0 + 2) x (2 + 1)-(1 x 2 x 1) = 10 winning bet ways. Avalanche™ Feature Any win starts an Avalanche™. Symbols in winning combinations disappear while remaining symbols move down to fill empty positions. After all positions are filled, the wins are evaluated again. Avalanches continue until there are no more wins. Wild Symbols Symbols in the top row that are part of a winning combination will turn into Wild symbols instead of disappearing. The Multiplier Wild multiplies the number of bet ways that go through it with the multiplier value. Several Multiplier Wild values are multiplied. For each bet way win that starts with a combination of Wild symbols, the payout for the bet way is determined by the highest payout from either an only Wild symbols combination or a symbol winning combination. If the payout between the two is equal, then the win is paid as normal winning combination. If the payout of the Wild symbols is higher, then the win is paid as the Wild symbols combination. Bet ways consisting of only Wild symbols are paid only if the Wild symbols winning combination is 6 symbols long from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except for other Wild symbols. Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet way, according to the Paytable. Wild Zippy Feature The Wild Zippy feature has 6 bombs: Simple bomb, Vertical bomb, Horizontal bomb, Plus-pattern bomb, Omni-directional bomb, and Max bomb which can appear during the initial spin. When bombs explode Wild symbols will appear in the same position as the bomb and the explosion's path. Each bomb explodes in a unique pattern and after a certain number of avalanches. Types of Bombs Bombs Function Simple Bomb Explodes only its position after 3 avalanches. Vertical Bomb Explodes its position and adjacent symbols to the top and bottom of its position after 4 avalanches. Horizontal Bomb Explodes its position and adjacent symbols to the left and right of its position after 5 avalanches. Plus-pattern Bomb Explodes its position and the positions adjacent to it on the top, bottom, left, and right after 6 avalanches. Omni-directional Bomb Explodes its position along with all symbols adjacent to its position after 7 avalanches. Max Bomb Explodes all symbols on all 6 reels after 10 avalanches. When Max Bomb is activated, a total win of x25000 times the bet is awarded for the entire game round. All symbols explode turning into Wilds and the round ends. Bombs exploding do not affect Wild symbols and other bombs in their vicinity. Bombs persist in the same position on the reel during avalanches. Bombs explode before wins are evaluated. Elevate Feature In-game features can be activated with the Elevate Feature. In the Elevate Feature, one of the following features can be activated per game round: XXXtreme Spins 1 Activate for 10x the bet. Symbols in the top row that are part of a winning combination will turn into x2 or x3 Wild symbols. XXXtreme Spins 2 Activate for 50x the bet. Symbols in the top row that are part of a winning combination will turn into x2, x3, x4 or x5 Wild symbols, and a Max bomb is placed randomly on the reels at the start of every spin. Paytable Symbol Payout Values 6 ⁦⁦$⁩0.50⁩ 5 ⁦⁦$⁩0.40⁩ 4 ⁦⁦$⁩0.10⁩ 3 ⁦⁦$⁩0.05⁩ 6 ⁦⁦$⁩0.50⁩ 5 ⁦⁦$⁩0.40⁩ 4 ⁦⁦$⁩0.10⁩ 3 ⁦⁦$⁩0.05⁩ 6 ⁦⁦$⁩0.40⁩ 5 ⁦⁦$⁩0.25⁩ 4 ⁦⁦$⁩0.10⁩ 3 ⁦⁦$⁩0.05⁩ 6 ⁦⁦$⁩0.30⁩ 5 ⁦⁦$⁩0.20⁩ 4 ⁦⁦$⁩0.10⁩ 3 ⁦⁦$⁩0.05⁩ 6 ⁦⁦$⁩0.20⁩ 5 ⁦⁦$⁩0.15⁩ 4 ⁦⁦$⁩0.06⁩ 3 ⁦⁦$⁩0.04⁩ 6 ⁦⁦$⁩0.20⁩ 5 ⁦⁦$⁩0.05⁩ 4 ⁦⁦$⁩0.02⁩ 3 ⁦⁦$⁩0.01⁩ 6 ⁦⁦$⁩0.15⁩ 5 ⁦⁦$⁩0.04⁩ 4 ⁦⁦$⁩0.02⁩ 3 ⁦⁦$⁩0.01⁩ 6 ⁦⁦$⁩0.15⁩ 5 ⁦⁦$⁩0.04⁩ 4 ⁦⁦$⁩0.02⁩ 3 ⁦⁦$⁩0.01⁩ 6 ⁦⁦$⁩0.10⁩ 5 ⁦⁦$⁩0.03⁩ 4 ⁦⁦$⁩0.02⁩ 3 ⁦⁦$⁩0.01⁩ 6 ⁦⁦$⁩0.10⁩ 5 ⁦⁦$⁩0.03⁩ 4 ⁦⁦$⁩0.02⁩ 3 ⁦⁦$⁩0.01⁩ Pay Mechanic The main game is played with 10000 bet ways. Matching symbols in any position on three or more adjacent reels, starting from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel, without gaps, result in a bet way win. Only the longest matching combination per symbol is paid. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. For more information, see Unfinished Game Rounds. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.02%. The theoretical return to player for this game with activated XXXtreme Spins 1 is 96.08%. The theoretical return to player for this game with activated XXXtreme Spins 2 is 96.05%. Betting To play the game, you must have sufficient funds to cover your bet. You can see your current BALANCE on your screen. To start playing, first select the bet value. Click/tap "+" or "-" to increase or reduce the bet or click/tap on the bet value in the middle and select a bet value from a scrollable list. Please note that the selected bet will be applied to each spin. If your balance becomes insufficient to play, your bet will be automatically reduced to the highest available bet value. Minimum bet: ⁦⁦$⁩0.2⁩ Maximum bet: ⁦⁦$⁩200⁩ Once you have chosen the bet, click/tap the SPIN button to start playing. During a spin, you can use the STOP button to stop the reels more quickly if possible. To use the Elevate Feature, click/tap the ELEVATE button. In the Elevate Feature panel, select the feature of your choice. The total Elevate cost and the winnings are dynamic and change according to the spin bet value. The Elevate Feature remains active for every spin until manually deactivated. Other Controls BUTTON FUNCTION Click/tap the SOUND button to turn the game sounds on or off. Alternatively, use the slider to adjust the volume of game sounds. The button and/or the slider might not be available on some devices. Click/tap the SETTINGS button to open a menu of user-changeable settings: All sounds: Turns the game sounds on or off. You can also use the slider to adjust the volume of game sounds, if it is available on your device. Game effects and Music: Turn the game effects or music on or off. Alternatively, use the sliders to adjust the volume. Game Speed: Select the desired spin speed — REGULAR, QUICK SPIN, or SUPER QUICK SPIN. Alternatively, click the QUICK SPIN button, if available on your device, to go from REGULAR to QUICK, from QUICK to SUPER QUICK, and from SUPER QUICK back to REGULAR speed. Intro screen: Turns the intro screen on or off. Confirm Elevate Features: Enables / disables the confirmation dialog when buying Elevate Features. Spacebar to spin / stop a spin: Enables / disables the option to start or stop a spin using the spacebar. Click/tap the GAME HISTORY button to view the game rounds you have played and the results of those rounds. Click/tap the HOW TO PLAY button to view the game rules. Click/tap the FULL SCREEN button to enter the full screen mode or click/tap the EXIT FULL SCREEN button to exit it. Click/tap the HOME button to leave the game. Responsible Gaming The RESPONSIBLE GAMING button allows you to access the page outlining the Responsible Gaming policy. This page provides useful information and links regarding responsible online gaming behaviour and how to set limitations to your game sessions. Unfinished Game Rounds All unfinished game rounds, regardless of whether further player activity is required, shall be auto completed after thirty (30) minutes of inactivity. All winnings and/or losses from the auto completed rounds shall subsequently be deposited or withdrawn, as required, from the player's account. The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the Operator's website. For more information, refer to the Operator's website: The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. Game Number Each game round is identified by a unique GAME NUMBER. This number reflects when the game round began in terms of GMT by hour: minute: second . Please use this game number for reference (or take a screenshot of the game number) if you wish to contact Customer Service regarding a particular round. Shortcut Keys Shortcut keys can be used to quickly perform useful game functions. KEY FUNCTION ESC When applicable, the ESC key can be used to: Exit full-screen mode. Close an open pop-up window (Game History, How to Play, Settings, etc.). SPACEBAR When applicable, the SPACEBAR key can be used to: Start a spin (if the “Spacebar to spin / stop spin” option is enabled). Skip some of the animations and end the game round more quickly if possible. Last modification date: 5/14/2025