Bonanza Falls Introducing the game Bonanza Falls is a 6 reel Megaways™ game with up to 117,649 ways to win, featuring a Coin Dozer that delivers Free Spins Bonuses. How to play Select your stake by clicking the left and right arrow buttons on the stake. The stake value is displayed in the stake display. All payouts are multiplied by the stake of each individual spin. Auto play To set up Auto play press the Auto button. This will display Auto play panel which the player can use to modify the number of spins, set a loss limit or set a win limit. When a loss limit has been set the player can select Start to commence auto play. When Auto play is on, the Play button will change to a Stop button. The remaining Auto plays will be displayed in the Stop button. The player can cancel Auto play by clicking the Stop button. Auto play will stop automatically if any of the limits set is reached or anything occurs that requires player intervention. Auto play may not be available in your jurisdiction. Start the spin Press the Play button to start the spin at the stake displayed. The reels will spin and then come to stop, displaying the result. Turbo Turbo mode removes unnecessary delays. Turbo can be switched on and off in the OPTIONS menu. Turbo may be limited or unavailable in your jurisdiction. Bonus Buy Press the Bonus Buy button to access the Bonus Buy menu. You may buy 12 Free Spins for 100 times the Free Spins Stake. The Free Spins Stake can be changed by pressing the plus and minus buttons on the Free Spins Stake display. The Free Spins Stake will apply to each Free Spin. Press the price to buy the bonus for that price. The price will be deducted from your balance. Bonus Buy may be limited or unavailable in your jurisdiction. Win Exchange™ Whenever you win 100 times stake or more, you have the option to exchange 100 times your stake for 12 Free Spins. Press COLLECT to keep your win without performing an exchange. Press EXCHANGE to exchange 100 times your stake for 12 Free Spins. Whenever you win between 25 and 100 times stake, you have the option to exchange the entire win for the chance to be awarded 12 Free Spins. The chance of winning the gamble is shown in green on a wheel. Press COLLECT to keep your win without performing a gamble. Press GAMBLE to exchange your win and spin the wheel for a chance to be awarded 12 Free Spins. If the gamble is successful then 12 Free Spins are awarded. An unsuccessful gamble results in no Free Spins being awarded. Win Exchange is not offered if the Free Spins have been triggered. Carts Each cart adds a symbol to the reel it is above for reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. Carts do not appear in the Free Spins. Reactions All winning symbols except Scatters are part of a reaction and are replaced by symbols coming from above on the reels and from the right in the carts. Symbol Wins A win is matching consecutive symbols, regardless of height, from left to right starting from the leftmost reel. Highest win paid per winning combination. All winning combinations are added together. See PAYS for further information. Wild Wild substitutes for all symbols except Scatters and Bonus Coin. Wild occurs in the carts only, except during Free Spins. Scatter Get four GOLD Scatters in any position to win 12 Free Spins. Each extra Scatter in the base game adds an extra four Free Spins each. Scatter does not occur in the Free Spins. Free Spins Free Spins are played with an unlimited win multiplier starts at 1 and is increased by 1 with every +1 Multiplier Bonus Coin. The stake that was used to trigger the Free Spins will be used for the Free Spins duration. At the end of the Free Spins, the total winnings for the spins will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited into the player's account and regular play then resumes. Free Spin Coin Dozer A Coin Dozer appears above the reels and may deliver one or more Bonus Coins during any Free Spin, including reactions. Every Bonus Coin reveals a Bonus: Wilds: A Wild which may have a multiplier of up to x5 is added to the reels. All wins with a Multiplier Wild will be multiplied by the displayed multiplier. Repeating Symbol: A random symbol is added to the reel which counts for multiple instances as shown. Retrigger: An additional four Free Spins are awarded. +1 Multiplier: The Free Spins win multiplier increments by one. If the reel below the Bonus Coin has 7 symbols, the +1 Multiplier Bonus will be revealed. Return to Player (RTP) The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Values are calculated initially by dividing the total payouts by the total bets from a simulation of numerous game rounds. Values reflect the maximum expected RTP and do not change. The RTP is defined at different stages or modes of the game. Overall RTP: 96.51% Bonus Buy RTP: 96.52% General Information In the event of a non-responsive game or problem during a spin, the game will repeat the incomplete spin and display the result to the player when the game is next launched. Incomplete games will be automatically resolved after 30 minutes. Any winnings resulting from automatic resolve shall be paid to the player's account. System malfunction voids all pays and plays. Additional Information All unfinished game rounds, regardless of whether further player activity is required, shall be auto completed after thirty (30) minutes of inactivity. All winnings and/or loses from the auto completed rounds shall subsequently be deposited or withdrawn, as required, from the player's account. The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the Operator's website. For more information, refer to the Operator's website: The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. Last modification date: 10/28/2025