Jimi Hendrix Game Rules Jimi Hendrix Online Slot™ is a 5-reel, 3-row, 20-line (fixed) video slot with Re-spins, Wild substitutions, Wild transformation and a Pick and Click feature with the potential for Free Spins or coin wins to be awarded. The game is played with 20 bet lines (fixed), 1-10 bet levels and different coin values. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins available to wager. When playing at the highest bet level, MAX BET plays the game at the maximum bet lines and the current coin value. When playing at any lower bet level, MAX BET must be clicked twice to play the round at the selected level. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds (alternatively, click the AUTO button). Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the Paytable. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except Scatter symbols. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Bet level is the number of coins bet per bet line. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown in the Paytable multiplied by the bet level. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. All coin wins pay on bet lines only except for coin wins during the Pick and Click feature. Free Spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the round that activated Free Spins. Re-Spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the spin that activated Re-Spins. At the end of the Purple Haze feature, the total win from the Purple Haze feature is added to any wins from the round that activated the Purple Haze feature. At the end of the Red Guitar Re-spin, the total win from the Red Guitar Re-spin is added to any wins from the round that activated the Red Guitar Re-spin. At the end of the Pick and Click features (Coin Win, Crosstown Traffic Free Spins, Purple Haze Free Spins, Little Wing Free Spins), the total win from the Pick and Click features is added to any wins from the round that activated the Pick and Click features. Main Game Features There are 2 features that can be activated during the main game: The Purple Haze feature and the Red Guitar Re-spin. The Purple Haze Feature is activated when the Purple Haze symbol lands on reel 1. When the Purple Haze symbol lands on reel 1, symbols 10, J, Q , K and A transform into Wild symbols for that spin only. The Purple Haze symbol on reel 1 acts as a Wild symbol after Wild transformation has occurred. Before the Red Guitar Re-spin begins, the payout is awarded to the player for the spin that just occurred in the main game. 4 or more Red Guitar symbols landing on the reels in the main game activate the Red Guitar Re-spin feature. The 4 or more symbols stay on the reels for any subsequent Red Guitar Re-Spins and act as overlay symbols during each spin. After the Red Guitar Re-spin is activated, the reels Re-spin once. If new Red Guitar symbols land on the reels during a Re-spin, another Re-spin is activated. The Red Guitar Re-spin feature ends when no new Red Guitar symbols appear on the reel during a Re-spin. After a Re-spin occurs without a new Red Guitar symbol appearing on the reels, the Red Guitar Re-spin feature finishes and a payout is awarded. There is no payout for any Re-spin before the final Re-spin. Only winning combinations with Red Guitar symbols are paid out after the final Red Guitar Re-spin: no other winning combinations with other symbols are paid out. Wild symbols and Scatter symbols do not appear on the reels during the Red Guitar Re-spin feature. Both the Red Guitar-Re-spin and Pick and Click features can be activated during the Purple Haze feature. Pick and Click Feature The Pick and Click feature is activated when 3 Scatter symbols appear on the reels. The Scatter symbols appear on reels 3, 4 and 5. The Pick and Click feature can only be activated during the main game and the Purple Haze Feature. After the feature is activated, a Pick and Click game begins. There are 4 different prizes for the player during the Pick and Click game: a coin win, Crosstown Traffic Free Spins, Purple Haze Free Spins and Little Wing Free Spins. Players click on loudspeakers that can reveal 4 varieties of symbols. When the player has collected 3 of the same symbols, the corresponding prize is awarded. Only 1 prize is awarded per Pick and Click game. If the player collects 3 coin win symbols, a coin win is awarded with a random multiplier of between x8 and x30 of the initial bet. The maximum coin win in the Pick and Click game is 6000 coins. If a player collects 3 Crosstown Traffic Free Spins symbols, 6 Free Spins are awarded with Wild Reels appearing on different reels for each spin. On the first spin, the Wild reel appears on reel 5. On the second spin the Wild reels appear on reels 4 and 5, the third spin reels 3 and 4, the fourth spin reels 2 and 3, the fifth spin reels 1 and 2 and the sixth spin reel 1. If the player collects 3 Purple Haze Free Spins symbols, between 6 and 12 Free Spins are awarded. During Free Spins, these symbols transform into Wild symbols: 10, J, Q, K and A. If the player collects 3 Little Wing Free Spins symbols, between 6 and 12 Free Spins are awarded with between 3 and 5 overlay Wilds appearing randomly on the reels for each spin. The Pick and Click feature cannot be re-triggered during any of the Free Spins. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to open the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to open the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or open the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the PAYTABLE pages. Click the x button to return to the game. Click to view the PAYTABLE . Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick Spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Intro Screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history. (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Intro movie . Turns the intro movie on or off. Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stop Autoplay when you win in a round. If Pick and Click is won. Stops Autoplay if Pick and Click is won. If Crosstown Traffic Free Spins is won. Stops Autoplay if Crosstown Traffic Free Spins is won. If Little Wing Free Spins is won. Stops Autoplay if Little WIng Free Spins is won. If Purple Haze Free Spins is won. Stops Autoplay if Purple Haze Free Spins is won. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay options. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some autoplay options are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Malfunction voids all pays and plays Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Wild Wild Free Spins Free Spins Scatter Scatter Pick and Click Pick and Click Pick and Click Feature Pick and Click Feature Re-Spin Re-Spin Wild Reels Wild Reels Red Guitar Red Guitar Purple Haze Free Spins Purple Haze Free Spins Purple Haze Feature Purple Haze Feature Purple Haze Purple Haze Crosstown Traffic Free Spins Crosstown Traffic Free Spins Little Wing Free Spins Little Wing Free Spins Last modification date: 5/14/2025