El Paso Gunfight xNudge Game rules El Paso Gunfight xNudge is a video slot with following feature(s): - Stance - Stoudenmire xNudge Wilds - Deputy And Marshal Raid - Gunfight Spins - Deputy Or Marshal Gunfight Spins - Drunken Gundfiguth&r... Spins - 4 Dead In 5 Seconds A 5-reel, 4-3-3-3-2 alternative 2-3-3-3-4 video slot with 13 symbols. 216 win ways by default (see pay table for more info). A Wild symbol substitutes for any other symbol except Scatter and Badge. A Wild symbol substitutes for the highest possible winning combination according to the pay table. A winning combination of the same symbol pays from leftmost to right on adjacent reels. Coinciding wins on multiple combinations are paid out. Winning combinations and pays are made according to the pay table. Badges that appear beneath the locked reel area, does not award extra spins or become Jumping Wilds. Different reel configurations are used, depending on the game mode (main game or any of the bonus modes). The theoretical return to the player for this game is ≈94.26%. The theoretical return to the player for GUNFIGHT feature buy is ≈94.44%. The theoretical return to the player for DEPUTY GUNFIGHT feature buy is ≈94.43%. The theoretical return to the player for MARSHAL GUNFIGHT feature buy is ≈94.38%. The theoretical return to the player for DRUNKEN GUNDFIGUTH&R... feature buy is ≈94.64%. The theoretical return to the player for 4 DEAD IN 5 SECONDS feature buy is ≈94.25%. The theoretical return to the player for LUCKY DRAW feature buy is ≈94.43%. Optimal strategy for highest return to player is always choosing 4-3-3-3-2 Stance. The Deputy Badge only triggers its connected features if it lands on the 4-high reel in the two regular Stances (4-3-3-3-2 and 2-3-3-3-4) and the Marshal Badge only triggers its features if it lands on the 2-high reels, any other case they are non-paying symbols and will not trigger the Raid features or upgrade the different Gunfight Spins. When the total win exceeds 44 440x, the game round will end and 44 440 times the base bet is awarded. Features and spin results affect each other within a game round. All symbol payout values in pay table are displayed in the same currency as bet placed. A malfunction voids all pays and plays. Malfunction in gaming hardware/software; all affected bets are refunded. Game rounds not finished within 90days will automatically be closed. Any accumulated wins during that game round will be paid out. These rounds cannot be replayed. Autoplay automatically plays the game for selected number of rounds or when any of the advanced autoplay setting criteria are fulfilled. When changing autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect upon completion of the game round or feature. Some autoplay features may be mandatory for some jurisdictions. Last modification date: 12/23/2025