Double Stacks Game Overview Double Stacks is a 5-reel, 3-row, 10-line video slot featuring a Double Stacks feature and Free Spins with stacked Wilds. The game is played with 10 bet lines (fixed), 1-10 bet levels and different coin values. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins available to wager. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. The Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except the Scatter symbol. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. MAX BET plays the game at the highest bet level and the current coin value. When playing at any lower bet level, MAX BET must be clicked twice to play the round with the selected coin value. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown in the Paytable multiplied by the bet level. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. Double Stacks Feature This feature is activated when a reel stops and all symbols on it are of the same type. When this feature is activated, all symbols on the reel will count as two symbols when calculating wins for the current spin. Note: During the main game, only the 4 highest paying symbols will appear in stacks (three or more symbols in a column) on the reels. Once the reels have stopped, any wins are evaluated and awarded according to the Paytable. Free Spins Feature 3 or more Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on the reels in the main game activates Free Spins. 3 Scatter symbols = 5 Free Spins 4 Scatter symbols = 15 Free Spins 5 Scatter symbols = 30 Free Spins During Free Spins, in addition to the 4 highest paying symbols appearing in stacks on the reels, Wild symbols also appear either on the reels or in stacks. During Free Spins, 2 or more Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on the reels will award additional Free Spins as follows: 2 Scatter symbols = 2 Free Spins 3 Scatter symbols = 5 Free Spins 4 Scatter symbols = 15 Free Spins 5 Scatter symbols = 30 Free Spins Free Spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the round that activated Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the total win from Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value. Click to view the Paytable. Click to view the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to view the game rules. Click to view the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or view the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick Spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Intro Screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Settings To set advanced autoplay settings click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stops Autoplay when you win in a round. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. If Free Spins is won . Stops Autoplay if Free Spins is won. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay settings. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round or Free Spins, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some autoplay options are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. The maximum win from a single game is 250,000 Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Big Win! BIG WIN! Double Stacks Feature Double Stacks Feature Double Stacks Double Stacks Free Spins Free Spins Stacked Wild Free Spins Stacked Wild Free Spins Mega Win! MEGA WIN! Super Mega Win! SUPER MEGA WIN! SPIN SPIN Scatter Scatter Wild Wild Last modification date: 6/11/2025