Divine Fortune Black Game Basics Divine Fortune Black™ is a 5-reel, 3-row video slot with Cash Prize collection, Re-Spins, the Expanding Symbols feature, two types of Free Spins, and the Elevate Feature with 4 options. The game is played with 20 bet lines (fixed) that pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel, without gaps. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added, and only the highest win per bet line is paid. A bet line win is equal to the value shown in the Paytable. Symbol payout values shown in the Paytable are dynamic and change in accordance with the selected bet value. Wild Symbols Wild symbols can appear on reels 2, 3, and 4 in the main game and in one type of Free Spins (Divine Spins). Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except for Scatter symbols, Cash Prize symbols, and Jackpot symbols. Wild symbol substitution awards the highest possible winning combination on a bet line, according to the Paytable. Cash Prize and Jackpot Collection Cash Prize symbols with random values of 1, 1.5, 2, 2.5, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 15, or 20 times the bet can appear on reels 2, 3, and 4 during the main game and in one type of Free Spins (Divine Spins), and anywhere on the reels during the other type of Free Spins (Fortune Spins). Cash Prize symbol Jackpot symbols with random values may also appear on reels 2, 3, and 4 during the main game and in Divine Spins, and anywhere on the reels during Fortune Spins. There are three different types of Jackpot symbols: The Minor Jackpot symbol may award a prize of 25 times the bet. The Major Jackpot symbol may award a prize of 250 times the bet, and the Mega Jackpot symbol may award a prize of 2500 times the bet. Fortune Collector symbols can appear on reels 1 and 5 in the main game and in Divine Spins, and anywhere on the reels in Fortune Spins. If Cash Prize symbols or Jackpot symbols and at least one Fortune Collector appear together on the reels, the Cash Prize symbols and the Jackpot symbols are collected in the Fortune Collector. If there’s more than one Fortune Collector on the reels, all Cash Prize symbols and Jackpot symbols are collected in each Fortune Collector. Fortune Collector The total value of the Cash Prize symbols and Jackpot symbols collected in each Fortune Collector symbol is added to any wins from that same round. Re-Spins and the Expanding Symbols Feature One or more Wild symbol, Cash Prize symbol or Jackpot symbol appearing on the reels in the main game awards a Re-Spin after wins are evaluated. At the start of the Re-Spin, all Wild symbols, Cash Prize symbols and Jackpot symbols remain on the reels, moving one position down with each following Re-Spin. During Re-Spins in the main game and in Divine Spins, if a Wild symbol lands behind another Wild symbol on the reels, or a Cash Prize symbol lands behind a Cash Prize symbol or Jackpot symbol on the reels, or a Jackpot symbol lands behind a Jackpot symbol or Cash Prize symbol on the reels, it expands to cover all positions on its reel — except for positions where there already is a Wild symbol, a Cash Prize symbol, or a Jackpot symbol. Expanded symbols remain on the reels, moving one position down with each Re-Spin. During the main game and Divine Spins, Re-Spins end when there are no more Wild symbols, Cash Prize symbols or Jackpot symbols on the reels. A Re-Spin is still awarded on the round when the last Wild symbol, Cash Prize symbol or Jackpot symbol disappears from the reels. Re-Spins are played at the same bet as the round that activated Re-Spins. Free Spins 3 or more Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on the reels in the main game activate Free Spins. When Free Spins are activated, two options of Free Spins become available to choose from: Divine Spins and Fortune Spins. Each one awards a different number of Free Spins. Divine Spins If the Free Spins mode chosen is Divine Spins, the number of Divine Spins is awarded according to the table below: ⁣⁣Common strings scatters Divine Spins awarded 3 5 4 8 5 12 During Divine Spins, if a Wild symbol, a Cash Prize symbol or a Jackpot symbol appears on the reels, it expands to cover all positions on its reel — except for positions where there already is a Wild symbol, a Cash Prize symbol, or a Jackpot symbol — and awards a Re-Spin. If a Wild symbol lands behind a Cash Prize symbol or a Jackpot symbol, the Wild symbol will expand to cover all positions on its reel in the same manner as described above. If Re-Spins are activated during Divine Spins, the Spins counter stops during Re-Spins and resumes when Re-Spins end. Expanded symbols remain on the reels, moving one position down with each Re-Spin. If a Cash Prize symbol or a Jackpot symbol lands behind a Wild symbol, the Cash Prize symbol/Jackpot symbol will expand to cover all positions on its reel in the same manner as described above. In this case, the expanded Cash Prize symbol is assigned a random value of 1, 1.5, 2, 2.5, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 15, or 20 times the bet, and the expanded Jackpot symbol is assigned a random value of 25, 250, or 2500 times the bet. If a Fortune Collector symbol appears on the reels at the same time as a Cash Prize symbol or a Jackpot symbol, the value of all Cash Prize symbols and Jackpot symbols on the reels is collected in each Fortune Collector after the Cash Prize symbols and the Jackpot symbols expand and before the next Re-Spin begins. Divine Spins ends when the Spins counter reaches 0. At the end of Divine Spins, the total win from Divine Spins (any bet line wins + the total value of all Cash Prize symbols collected in the Fortune Collector) is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins, and the game returns to the round that activated Free Spins. Fortune Spins If the Free Spins mode chosen is Fortune Spins, 3 Fortune Spins are awarded, plus Mystery symbols according to the table below: ⁣⁣Common strings scatters Fortune Spins awarded 3 3 4 3 Fortune Spins + 1 Mystery symbol on the initial reels 5 3 Fortune Spins + 2 Mystery symbols on the initial reels Every position on the reels spins individually during Fortune Spins, and only Cash Prize symbols, Jackpot symbols, Fortune Collector symbols, and Mystery symbols can appear on the reels. Every time one of these symbols lands, the number of spins in the Spins counter is reset to 3. If a Fortune Collector symbol appears on the reels at the same time as a Cash Prize symbol or a Jackpot symbol, the value of all Cash Prize symbols and Jackpot symbols on the reels is collected in each Fortune Collector before the next spin begins, and the total value collected is added to the total win at the end of that spin. Every time a Cash Prize symbol, a Jackpot symbol, or a Mystery symbol appears on the reels, they remain on the reels. The total value of the Cash Prize symbols and the Jackpot symbols that landed on the reels during each spin is evaluated and added to the total win at the end of that spin. When the Spins counter reaches 0, or when the play area is completely filled with Cash Prize symbols and/or Jackpot symbols and/or Mystery symbols, Fortune Spins end, and each Mystery Symbol present on the reels reveals its prize. The Mystery Symbol will randomly reveal one of the 3 possible jackpot prizes: Minor Jackpot, Major Jackpot, or Mega Jackpot. At the end of Fortune Spins, if there is one or more rows on the reels completely filled with symbols, an extra Jackpot prize is awarded according to the table below: Rows filled Extra Jackpot prize 1 Minor Jackpot 2 Major Jackpot 3 Mega Jackpot After the Mystery symbol reveals its prize, the total value of the Jackpot prize revealed by the Mystery symbol and of any extra Jackpot prize awarded is added to the total win from the Fortune Spins round. The total win from Fortune Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Fortune Spins, and the game returns to the round that activated Free Spins. Free Spins are played at the same bet value as the round that activated Free Spins. Elevate Feature In-game features can be activated with the Elevate Feature. In the Elevate Feature, one of the following features can be activated per game round: Scatter Hunt For 1.5 times the bet, it increases the chance of 3 or more Scatter symbols appearing on the reels to activate Free Spins. Walking Collector For 10 times the bet, only Fortune Collector symbols appearing on the reels can award Re-Spins and expand to cover the entire reel, if they land behind another Fortune Collector symbol. After expanding, they stay on the reels, moving down one position with each Re-Spin. If Free Spins are activated, and the Divine Spins mode is chosen, the Walking Collector feature is carried over to Divine Spins. Divine Spins For 50 times the bet, 3, 4, or 5 Scatter symbols will appear on the reels and activate 5, 8 or 12 Divine Spins, respectively. Fortune Spins For 100 times the bet, 3, 4, or 5 Scatter symbols will appear on the reels and activate Fortune Spins. If 4 Scatter symbols appear on the reels, 1 Mystery symbol will appear on the initial reels. If 5 Scatter symbols appear on the reels, 2 Mystery symbols will appear on the initial reels. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.08%. Betting To play the game, you must have sufficient funds to cover your bet. You can see your current BALANCE on your screen. To start playing, first select the bet value. Click/tap "+" or "-" to increase or reduce the bet or click/tap on the bet value in the middle and select a bet value from a scrollable list. Please note that the selected bet will be applied to each spin. If your balance becomes insufficient to play, your bet will be automatically reduced to the highest available bet value. Minimum bet: ⁦⁦$⁩0.2⁩ Maximum bet: ⁦⁦$⁩200⁩ Once you have chosen the bet, click/tap the SPIN button to start playing. SPIN During a spin, you can use the STOP button to stop the reels more quickly if possible. STOP To use the Elevate Feature, click/tap the ELEVATE button. In the Elevate Feature panel, select the feature of your choice. The total Elevate cost and the winnings are dynamic and change according to the spin bet value. The Elevate Feature remains active for every spin until manually deactivated. Autoplay Autoplay allows you to repeat your selected bet for a chosen number of game rounds. To start Autoplay, choose the desired bet value and then click/tap the Autoplay button. In the Autoplay panel, you can start Autoplay by selecting the number of rounds you want your bet to be repeated for. Your selected number of Autoplay rounds will be displayed on the Autoplay button. The number of remaining Autoplay rounds will be updated, once Autoplay is started. Your total Autoplay bet amount is calculated by multiplying the number of Autoplay rounds with the value of your bet. It is indicated under each Autoplay option. The remaining Autoplay bet amount will also be displayed under the chosen Autoplay option, once Autoplay has started. Your automatic game rounds will continue until either your chosen number of Autoplay rounds are complete, you choose to stop Autoplay by clicking/tapping STOP, or the Free Spins round is activated. STOP When Autoplay is stopped, you will be able to start Autoplay with the previously selected bet and number of rounds again by clicking/tapping REPEAT. REPEAT While Autoplay is running, it is not possible to change your bets. You should stop Autoplay to change the bets. Other Controls BUTTON FUNCTION Click/tap the SOUND button to turn the game sounds on or off. Alternatively, use the slider to adjust the volume of game sounds. The button and/or the slider might not be available on some devices. Click/tap the SETTINGS button to open a menu of user-changeable settings: All sounds: Turns the game sounds on or off. You can also use the slider to adjust the volume of game sounds, if it is available on your device. Game effects and Music: Turn the game effects or music on or off. Alternatively, use the sliders to adjust the volume. Game Speed: Select the desired spin speed — REGULAR, QUICK SPIN, or SUPER QUICK SPIN. Alternatively, click the QUICK SPIN button, if available on your device, to go from REGULAR to QUICK, from QUICK to SUPER QUICK, and from SUPER QUICK back to REGULAR speed. Intro screen: Turns the intro screen on or off. Confirm Elevate Features: Enables / disables the confirmation dialog when buying Elevate Features. Spacebar to spin / stop a spin: Enables / disables the option to start or stop a spin using the spacebar. Click/tap the GAME HISTORY button to view the game rounds you have played and the results of those rounds. Click/tap the HOW TO PLAY button to view the game rules. Click/tap the FULL SCREEN button to enter the full screen mode or click/tap the EXIT FULL SCREEN button to exit it. Click/tap the HOME button to leave the game. Responsible Gaming The RESPONSIBLE GAMING button allows you to access the page outlining the Responsible Gaming policy. This page provides useful information and links regarding responsible online gaming behaviour and how to set limitations to your game sessions. Unfinished Game Rounds All unfinished game rounds, regardless of whether further player activity is required, shall be auto completed after thirty (30) minutes of inactivity. All winnings and/or losses from the auto completed rounds shall subsequently be deposited or withdrawn, as required, from the player's account. The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the Operator's website. For more information, refer to the Operator's website: The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. Game Number Each game round is identified by a unique GAME NUMBER. This number reflects when the game round began in terms of GMT by hour: minute: second . Please use this game number for reference (or take a screenshot of the game number) if you wish to contact Customer Service regarding a particular round. Shortcut Keys Shortcut keys can be used to quickly perform useful game functions. KEY FUNCTION ESC When applicable, the ESC key can be used to: Exit full-screen mode. Close an open pop-up window (Game History, How to Play, Settings, etc.). SPACEBAR When applicable, the SPACEBAR key can be used to: Start a spin (if the “Spacebar to spin / stop spin” option is enabled). Skip some of the animations and end the game round more quickly if possible. Last modification date: 5/7/2025