Power Blackjack Game Rules Players take their virtual seat and try to achieve a hand that’s closer to 21 than the dealer’s hand. The game is played with eight standard 52-card decks. The core game offers the usual Blackjack main bets, as well as the Six Card Charlie rule and a range of side bets, all of which are explained below.The game is hosted by a dealer and allows an unlimited number of players to play in each game round. The game is played with eight standard 52-card decks. Card values in Blackjack are as follows: Cards from 2 to 10 are worth their face value. Face cards (Jacks, Queens and Kings) are each worth 10. Aces are worth 1 or 11, whichever is more favourable to the hand. Note that a soft hand includes an Ace worth 11. After the allotted betting time has expired, the dealer deals one card face up to the player and then one card face up to the dealer. The dealer then deals a second card face up to the player but the dealer's second card is dealt face down. The value of your initial hand is displayed next to your cards. Players take their virtual seat and try to achieve a hand that’s closer to 21 than the dealer’s hand. The game is played with eight standard 52-card decks. The core game offers the usual Blackjack main bets, as well as the Six Card Charlie rule and a range of side bets, all of which are explained below. Malfunction voids all pays and plays CARD VALUES • Cards from 2 to 10 are worth their face value • Face cards (Jacks, Queens and Kings) are each worth 10 • Aces are worth 1 or 11, whichever is more favourable to the hand. Note that a soft hand includes an Ace worth 11. After the allotted betting time has expired, the dealer deals one card face up to all players, ending with the dealer. The dealer then deals a second card face up to all players, but the dealer’s second card is dealt face down. The value of your initial hand is displayed next to your card. BLACKJACK If the value of your initial two-card hand is exactly 21, you have Blackjack! INSURANCE If the dealer’s upcard is an Ace, the player is given the option to purchase insurance to offset the risk that the dealer has Blackjack — even when the player has Blackjack. The amount of insurance is equal to one half of the player’s main bet, and the insurance bet is settled separately from the main bet on the player’s hand. The dealer then peeks at the value of his/her downcard to check for Blackjack. If the dealer does not have Blackjack, the round continues. If the dealer has Blackjack, but the player does not, and the player’s initial two-card hand value is 18 or more, the game is over and the dealer’s hand wins. If the player’s initial two-card hand value totals less than 18, the dealer will continue to draw cards to give players the chance to win with the ‘Six Card Charlie’ rule.If the player and the dealer both have Blackjack, the game ends in a push and the player’s bet is returned. ‘SIX CARD CHARLIE’ RUL If a player’s hand ends up consisting of six cards with a total card value of 21 or less, then the player automatically wins the main bet, even if the dealer has Blackjack. In the case of a split hand, each hand is evaluated individually. MAKING A DECISION As soon as the player receives his/her first two cards they can make an initial decision regarding their hand to Hit, Stand, Double Down or Split. If no decision is made before the betting time expires, a player’s lack of response is interpreted as hit in the case that the player’s score is 11 or less and stand if it is 12 or more. DOUBLE DOWN If the value of the player’s initial hand is not 21, the player can decide to Double Down. In this case, the player’s bet is doubled and they are dealt only one additional card to add to their hand. HIT OR STAND Alternatively, the player can decide to Hit to be dealt an additional card to add to the value of their hand. The player can Hit more than once to receive additional cards before they decide to Stand once they are satisfied with the value of their hand. SPLIT When a player’s first two cards are of equal value, the player can choose to ‘Split’ them into two separate hands.If the player splits two Aces, he/she will receive just one additional card on each hand. No doubling is allowed. Note that the additional chance to win with a ‘Six Card Charlie’ also applies to split hands (see previous page). DEALER’S HAND When all players have made their decisions on their hand, the live dealer reveals the value of his/her downcard. The dealer must Hit on a hand of 16 or less and must Stand on a hand of soft 17 or more. THE GAME OUTCOME • The player wins when the value of their final hand is closer to 21 than the dealer’s hand, when the dealer busts or when the player achieves a Six Card Charlie • If the player’s hand value is the same as the dealer’s hand, the game round ends in a push and the player’s bet is returned • Blackjack is only possible using the two cards in the initial two-card deal • If the player achieves a Six Card Charlie then this always wins • If the sum of the player’s hand exceeds 21, the player busts and loses his/her bet on that hand. POWER BLACKJACK Power Blackjack is an exciting game variation based on our regular Blackjack and our Infinite Blackjack with the chance to win big. Players can now multiply their winnings compared to regular Blackjack. You can now choose to double, triple or quadruple a bet on any two initial cards, even after a split! There are no limits to when this can be done – any hand qualifies. After choosing to double, triple or quadruple, only one additional card will be dealt to your hand, and the bet will increase depending on which multiplier you choose – 2x, 3x or 4x. The dealer will check for Blackjack on Jack, Queen, King and Ace to stop players from placing large bets if there is a chance that the dealer has got Blackjack. The game is played with 8 decks, where the 9s and 10s have been removed from each deck. Picture cards stay in the deck. This means that there are 64 cards less in the shoe compared to regular Blackjack. Since there are no 9s and 10s in the deck, you now have the opportunity to try new strategies when playing the game. Power Blackjack comes with the same four side bets as all our Infinite Blackjack games: Any Pair, 21+3, Hot 3 and Bust It. There is no Six Card Charlie rule. After you have joined multiple tables, you will be able to resize your browser window as a whole, but you will not be able to resize each game table window separately. You can exit any table without affecting your presence at other tables you have joined. To exit a table, click the X button. Please note: You will exit a table automatically if you join the same table through a different device/browser. If you click directly on a table icon instead of the +TABLE button, you will merely switch tables instead of joining the chosen table in addition to the table you joined previously. We kindly advise you to join only as many tables as your screen can accommodate while still allowing you to place bets deliberately and accurately. KEY FUNCTION Number Keys from 1 onwards Select the desired chip from the chip display. Key “1” corresponds to the leftmost chip with the lowest value. Key “2” selects the next highest value chip, and so on. SPACEBAR Repeat your most recent bet. Press SPACEBAR a second time to double your bet. CTRL+Z (CMD+Z), DELETE, BACKSPACE Undo your last bet. Hold for 3 seconds to remove all your bets. ESC When applicable, the ESC key can be used to: Exit full-screen mode Close an open pop-up window (History, Help, Settings, etc.) Last modification date: 3/18/2026