Bonus Bunnies Game rules Bonus Bunnies is a video slot with 2 features: Bonus+Wild Expansion and Carrot Link Spins. A 4-reel, 4-row video slot with 16 symbols. The theoretical return to the player for this game is 94.22%. Simulated maximum payout is 6960 times the bet (1:10000000000 rounds). Features and spin results affect each other within a game round. The theoretical return to the player for Carrot Link Spins feature buy is 94.51%. 30 win lines (see pay table for more info). A Wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except Bonus. A Wild symbol substitutes for the highest possible winning combination according to the pay table. A winning combination of the same symbol pays from leftmost to right on adjacent reels. Coinciding wins on multiple combinations are paid out. Winning combinations and pays are made according to the pay table. Different reel configurations are used, depending on the game mode (main game or any of the bonus modes). All symbol payout values in pay table are displayed in the same currency as bet placed. A malfunction voids all pays and plays. Malfunction in gaming hardware/software; all affected bets are refunded. Game rounds not finished within 90days will automatically be closed. Any accumulated wins during that game round will be paid out. These rounds cannot be replayed. Game rounds with a win that can be gambled with, that is not finished within 24hours will automatically be closed. Any accumulated wins during that game round will be paid out. Autoplay automatically plays the game for selected number of rounds or when any of the advanced autoplay setting criteria are fulfilled. When changing autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect upon completion of the game round or feature. Some autoplay features may be mandatory for some jurisdictions. When playing with Cryptocurrency, unfinished game rounds and states will automatically reset after 24 hours. Any accumulated wins during this round will be paid out. Last modification date: 3/25/2025