Rabid Randy Dark Trails Game Basics Rabid Randy Dark Trails is a 5-reel video slot featuring Wild symbol transformations and Free Spins with progressive multipliers and Elevate feature. The reels are arranged in a diamond pattern where reels 1–5 are 3, 4, 5, 4, and 3 symbols high from left to right. The game is played with different bet values and 20 bet lines (fixed). Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel, without gaps. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added, and only the highest win per bet line is paid. A bet line win is equal to the value shown in the Paytable. Symbol payout values shown in the Paytable are dynamic and change in accordance with the selected bet value. The Paw, Hot Paw, Wild symbols, and Frames The Paw, Hot Paw, Wild symbols and also Frames and Active Frames can appear in the main game. When a Paw symbol lands on the reels, its position is marked with a trap-shaped Frame before it leaves the reels. The Paw symbol can randomly turn into a Hot Paw symbol, and when it happens, its Frame turns into an Active Frame At the end of the next spin, the position with the Active Frame turns into a Wild symbol. All Frames adjacent to the Active Frame, as well as the adjacent positions with Frames, also transform into Wild symbols. Frames and Active Frames remain on the reels until they transform into Wild symbols or Free Spins start. Wild symbols disappear from the reels at the start of the next spin. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except for the Rabid Randy symbol. Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the Paytable. Free Spins Multiplier and Collect Meter In the main game, every time a Paw symbol lands on a position without a Frame or an Active Frame, the Paw symbol is collected and leaves the reels, and 1 point is added to the collect meter. If the Paw symbol lands on a position with a Frame or an Active Frame, the Paw symbol is collected and leaves the reels, and a random number of points ranging from 1 to 4 is added to the collect meter. Each time the collect meter reaches 200 points, the Free Spins Multiplier at the top right of the reels is upgraded progressively in the following order: x1, x2, x3, x5, x7, x10. After each upgrade, the collect meter is reset back to 0. If the number of points exceeds 200, the Free Spins Multiplier is upgraded, and the difference in points is added to the collect meter after it is reset to 0. The Free Spins Multiplier can be upgraded during the main game and is applied only at the end of Free Spins. When Free Spins end, the Free Spins Multiplier is reset to x1, but the collect meter keeps the same number of points that it had during the game round that activated Free Spins. If the Free Spins Multiplier reaches x10 during the main game, the collect meter remains full, and no more points are added to it until Free Spins are activated. In this case, when Free Spins end, the Free Spins Multiplier is reset to x1, and the collect meter is reset to 0. Whenever the bet is changed, the Free Spins Multiplier, the symbols collected in the meter, and the positions of the Frames, Hot Paw symbols and Active Frames are saved with the bet. The Frames, Active Frames, and the Hot Paw symbols disappear from the reels, and the Free Spins Multiplier and the collect meter are reset back to their starting values. When the bet is changed back, they are restored together with the bet. Note: The saved data is subject to expire. Free Spins 3 Rabid Randy symbols appearing on reels 2, 3, and 4 in the main game activate Free Spins. The starting number of Free Spins is 3. Before the first Free Spin, all positions with Frames and Active Frames that did not turn into Wild symbols during the game round that activated Free Spins remain on the reels as Trophy symbols and reveal a random prize ranging from 0.5 to 50 times the bet at the end of Free Spins. During Free Spins, every empty position on the reels spins individually. Only Trophy symbols can land on the reels in Free Spins, awarding a random prize ranging from 0.5 to 50 times the bet. Every time the Trophy symbol appears, it remains on the reels till the end of Free spins, and the number of Free Spins is reset back to 3. Free Spins end when the Free Spin counter reaches 0 or when all positions are filled. At the end of Free Spins, the total win from Free Spins (the total sum of the prizes of all Trophy symbols on the reels) is multiplied by the Free Spins Multiplier collected in the main game. If all positions on the reels are filled, an extra x2 Multiplier is awarded, and the value of the final Free Spins Multiplier is doubled. Free Spins are played at the same bet value as the round that activated Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the total win from Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins, and the game returns to the round that activated Free Spins. Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel, without gaps. The winning possibilities are conclusively shown in the illustrations above. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. For more information, see Unfinished Game Rounds. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 94.08%. Betting To play the game, you must have sufficient funds to cover your bet. You can see your current BALANCE on your screen. To start playing, first select the bet value. Click/tap "+" or "-" to increase or reduce the bet or click/tap on the bet value in the middle and select a bet value from a scrollable list. Please note that the selected bet will be applied to each spin. If your balance becomes insufficient to play, your bet will be automatically reduced to the highest available bet value. Minimum bet: ⁦⁦$⁩0.1⁩ Maximum bet: ⁦⁦$⁩250⁩ Once you have chosen the bet, click/tap the SPIN button to start playing. SPIN During a spin, you can use the STOP button to stop the reels more quickly if possible. STOP Autoplay Autoplay allows you to repeat your selected bet for a chosen number of game rounds. To start Autoplay, choose the desired bet value and then click/tap the Autoplay button. In the Autoplay panel, you can start Autoplay by selecting the number of rounds you want your bet to be repeated for. Your selected number of Autoplay rounds will be displayed on the Autoplay button. The number of remaining Autoplay rounds will be updated, once Autoplay is started. Your total Autoplay bet amount is calculated by multiplying the number of Autoplay rounds with the value of your bet. It is indicated under each Autoplay option. The remaining Autoplay bet amount will also be displayed under the chosen Autoplay option, once Autoplay has started. Your automatic game rounds will continue until either your chosen number of Autoplay rounds are complete, you choose to stop Autoplay by clicking/tapping STOP, or the Free Spins round is activated. STOP When Autoplay is stopped, you will be able to start Autoplay with the previously selected bet and number of rounds again by clicking/tapping REPEAT. REPEAT While Autoplay is running, it is not possible to change your bets. You should stop Autoplay to change the bets. Other Controls BUTTON FUNCTION Click/tap the SOUND button to turn the game sounds on or off. Alternatively, use the slider to adjust the volume of game sounds. The button and/or the slider might not be available on some devices. Click/tap the SETTINGS button to open a menu of user-changeable settings: All sounds: Turns the game sounds on or off. You can also use the slider to adjust the volume of game sounds, if it is available on your device. Game effects and Music: Turn the game effects or music on or off. Alternatively, use the sliders to adjust the volume. Game Speed: Select the desired spin speed — REGULAR, QUICK SPIN, or SUPER QUICK SPIN. Alternatively, click the QUICK SPIN button, if available on your device, to go from REGULAR to QUICK, from QUICK to SUPER QUICK, and from SUPER QUICK back to REGULAR speed. Intro screen: Turns the intro screen on or off. Spacebar to spin / stop a spin: Enables / disables the option to start or stop a spin using the spacebar. Click/tap the GAME HISTORY button to view the game rounds you have played and the results of those rounds. Click/tap the HOW TO PLAY button to view the game rules. Click/tap the FULL SCREEN button to enter the full screen mode or click/tap the EXIT FULL SCREEN button to exit it. Click/tap the HOME button to leave the game. Responsible Gaming The RESPONSIBLE GAMING button allows you to access the page outlining the Responsible Gaming policy. This page provides useful information and links regarding responsible online gaming behaviour and how to set limitations to your game sessions. Unfinished Game Rounds All unfinished game rounds, regardless of whether further player activity is required, shall be auto completed after thirty (30) minutes of inactivity. All winnings and/or losses from the auto completed rounds shall subsequently be deposited or withdrawn, as required, from the player's account. The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the Operator's website. For more information, refer to the Operator's website: The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. Game Number Each game round is identified by a unique GAME NUMBER. This number reflects when the game round began in terms of GMT by hour: minute: second . Please use this game number for reference (or take a screenshot of the game number) if you wish to contact Customer Service regarding a particular round. Shortcut Keys Shortcut keys can be used to quickly perform useful game functions. KEY FUNCTION ESC When applicable, the ESC key can be used to: Exit full-screen mode. Close an open pop-up window (Game History, How to Play, Settings, etc.). SPACEBAR When applicable, the SPACEBAR key can be used to: Start a spin (if the “Spacebar to spin / stop spin” option is enabled). Skip some of the animations and end the game round more quickly if possible. Last modification date: 9/3/2025