Reel Rush XXXtreme Game Basics Reel Rush™ XXXtreme is a 5-reel video slot with multipliers, Re-Spins with Expanding Reels, Mystery Features, Free Spins, and the Elevate Feature with three types of XXXtreme Spins. The reels in the main game are arranged in a pattern where reels 1 and 5 are 1 row high, reels 2 and 4 are 3 rows high, and reel 3 is 5 rows high. The game is played with up to 3125 bet ways and different bet values. Matching symbols in any position on three or more adjacent reels, starting from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel, without gaps, results in a bet way win. More bet way wins are created when additional instances of the symbol appear on the same reels that create the longest bet way win. Only the longest matching combination per symbol is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet ways are added. A bet way win is equal to the value shown in the Paytable multiplied by any applicable multiplier. Symbol payout values shown in the Paytable are dynamic and change in accordance with the selected bet value. Bet Ways Calculation Example The longest winning combination of the pineapple symbols is 3 symbols on reels 1–3. The number of winning bet ways is calculated by multiplying the number of pineapple symbols on each of these reels: 1 x 1 x 3 = 3 winning bet ways. Wild Symbols Wild symbols can appear in the main game and in Free Spins on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols, except for the Mystery Features symbols. Wild symbols substitution pays the highest possible winning combination in a bet way according to the Paytable. Re-Spins and the Expanding Reels Feature In the main game, a winning combination activates one Re-Spin, up to a maximum of 5 Re-Spins. For each Re-Spin, two additional positions on the reels are uncovered at the same time, and the number of possible bet ways increases until Free Spins are activated, according to the table below: Re-Spins end when there are no more winning combinations on a Re-Spin, or once all positions on the reels have been uncovered. Re-Spins are played at the same bet as the round that activated Re-Spins. At the end of Re-Spins, the total win from it is added to any wins from the round that activated Re-Spins. Mystery Features During a Re-Spin, each new position uncovered may reveal one Regular Mystery Feature or one Golden Mystery Feature: Regular Mystery Features Action Multiplier +1 Each one increases the main game multiplier at the top of the reels (set by default to x1) by 1. The new multiplier is applied as of the next win. Wild Each one places a Wild symbol on its position for the next Re-Spin. Bomb Each one uncovers an extra pair of positions on the reels. If there are no more positions on the reels to uncover, each Bomb awards an extra Free Spin when Free Spins begin. Golden Mystery Features Action Multiplier +10 Each one increases the main game multiplier at the top of the reels (set by default to x1) by 10. The new multiplier is applied as of the next win. Sticky Wild Each one places a Sticky Wild symbol on its position. The Sticky Wild symbol remains on the reels until the end of the round. Expanding Wild Reel Each Wild symbol present on the reels expands to cover all positions on their respective reels, starting from the next Re-Spin. The feature remains active for the rest of that round, so that any Wild symbol that lands on that reel will also expand to cover the reel. If a Sticky Wild symbol is revealed on the same reel where an Expanding Wild Reel symbol is revealed, a Sticky Wild Reel is created. The Sticky Wild Reel has Wild symbols in all its positions and remains on the reels until the end of the round. Free Spins Once all positions on the reels have been uncovered in the main game, 7 Free Spins are activated on a 5-reel, 5-row play area. Each Bomb obtained in the last pair of positions to be uncovered on the reels awards an extra Free Spin. Any multiplier, Sticky Wild symbol, Expanding Wild Reels and Sticky Wild Reels won in the main game are carried over to Free Spins, as well as any Wild symbol won during the last Re-Spin before Free Spins were activated. Free Spins are played at the same bet as the round that activated Free Spins, and Free Spins end when the Free Spins counter reaches 0. At the end of Free Spins, the total win from Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins, and the game returns to the round that activated Free Spins. Elevate Feature In-game features can be activated with the Elevate Feature. In the Elevate Feature, one of the following features can be activated per game round: XXXtreme Spins 1 For 3 times the bet, it guarantees that 1 Golden Mystery Feature will be revealed. XXXtreme Spins 2 For 25 times the bet, it guarantees that at least 1 Golden Mystery Feature will be revealed, and that one Mystery Feature will be revealed on every covered position on the reels. XXXtreme Spins 3 For 200 times the bet, it guarantees that 4 Golden Mystery Features will be revealed, and that one Regular Mystery Feature will be revealed on every covered position on the reels. Pay Mechanic The game is played with up to 3125 bet ways. Matching symbols in any position on three or more adjacent reels, starting from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel, without gaps, result in a bet way win. Only the longest matching combination per symbol is paid. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. For more information, see Unfinished Game Rounds. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 94.02%. The theoretical return to player for this game with activated XXXtreme Spins 1 is 94.06%. The theoretical return to player for this game with activated XXXtreme Spins 2 is 94.03%. The theoretical return to player for this game with activated XXXtreme Spins 3 is 94.03%. Volatility Index: 9.1 (High). Betting To play the game, you must have sufficient funds to cover your bet. You can see your current BALANCE on your screen. BALANCE ⁦⁦$⁩500.00⁩ To start playing, first select the bet value. Click/tap "+" or "-" to increase or reduce the bet or click/tap on the bet value in the middle and select a bet value from a scrollable list. Please note that the selected bet will be applied to each spin. If your balance becomes insufficient to play, your bet will be automatically reduced to the highest available bet value. BET ⁦⁦$⁩1⁩ Minimum bet: ⁦⁦$⁩0.3⁩ Maximum bet: ⁦⁦$⁩60⁩ Elevate Features have separate max bet values, listed below: Elevate Feature Maximum bet XXXtreme Spins 1 ⁦⁦$⁩108⁩ XXXtreme Spins 2 ⁦⁦$⁩450⁩ XXXtreme Spins 3 ⁦⁦$⁩1,800⁩ Once you have chosen the bet, click/tap the SPIN button to start playing. SPIN During a spin, you can use the STOP button to stop the reels more quickly if possible. STOP To use the Elevate Feature, click/tap the ELEVATE button. In the Elevate Feature panel, select the feature of your choice. The total Elevate cost and the winnings are dynamic and change according to the spin bet value. The Elevate Feature remains active for every spin until manually deactivated. Autoplay Autoplay allows you to repeat your selected bet for a chosen number of game rounds. To start Autoplay, choose the desired bet value and then click/tap the Autoplay button. In the Autoplay panel, you can start Autoplay by selecting the number of rounds you want your bet to be repeated for. 10 Your selected number of Autoplay rounds will be displayed on the Autoplay button. The number of remaining Autoplay rounds will be updated, once Autoplay is started. Autoplay BET PER ROUND ⁦⁦$⁩10⁩ $⁩50⁩ $⁩90⁩ $⁩200⁩ $⁩350⁩ $⁩500⁩ Your total Autoplay bet amount is calculated by multiplying the number of Autoplay rounds with the value of your bet. It is indicated under each Autoplay option. The remaining Autoplay bet amount will also be displayed under the chosen Autoplay option, once Autoplay has started. Your automatic game rounds will continue until either your chosen number of Autoplay rounds are complete, you choose to stop Autoplay by clicking/tapping STOP, or the Free Spins round is activated. STOP When Autoplay is stopped, you will be able to start Autoplay with the previously selected bet and number of rounds again by clicking/tapping REPEAT. REPEAT While Autoplay is running, it is not possible to change your bets. You should stop Autoplay to change the bets. Other Controls BUTTON FUNCTION Click/tap the SOUND button to turn the game sounds on or off. Alternatively, use the slider to adjust the volume of game sounds. The button and/or the slider might not be available on some devices. Click/tap the SETTINGS button to open a menu of user-changeable settings: All sounds: Turns the game sounds on or off. You can also use the slider to adjust the volume of game sounds, if it is available on your device. Game effects and Music: Turn the game effects or music on or off. Alternatively, use the sliders to adjust the volume. Game Speed: Select the desired spin speed — REGULAR, QUICK SPIN, or SUPER QUICK SPIN. Alternatively, click the QUICK SPIN button, if available on your device, to go from REGULAR to QUICK, from QUICK to SUPER QUICK, and from SUPER QUICK back to REGULAR speed. Intro screen: Turns the intro screen on or off. Confirm Elevate Features: Enables / disables the confirmation dialog when buying Elevate Features. Spacebar to spin / stop a spin: Enables / disables the option to start or stop a spin using the spacebar. Click/tap the GAME HISTORY button to view the game rounds you have played and the results of those rounds. Click/tap the HOW TO PLAY button to view the game rules. Click/tap the FULL SCREEN button to enter the full screen mode or click/tap the EXIT FULL SCREEN button to exit it. Click/tap the HOME button to leave the game. Responsible Gaming The RESPONSIBLE GAMING button allows you to access the page outlining the Responsible Gaming policy. This page provides useful information and links regarding responsible online gaming behaviour and how to set limitations to your game sessions. Unfinished Game Rounds All unfinished game rounds, regardless of whether further player activity is required, shall be auto completed after thirty (30) minutes of inactivity. All winnings and/or losses from the auto completed rounds shall subsequently be deposited or withdrawn, as required, from the player's account. The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the Operator's website. For more information, refer to the Operator's website: The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. Game Number Each game round is identified by a unique GAME NUMBER. 21:10:10 This number reflects when the game round began in terms of GMT by hour: minute: second . Please use this game number for reference (or take a screenshot of the game number) if you wish to contact Customer Service regarding a particular round. Shortcut Keys Shortcut keys can be used to quickly perform useful game functions. KEY FUNCTION ESC When applicable, the ESC key can be used to: Exit full-screen mode. Close an open pop-up window (Game History, How to Play, Settings, etc.). SPACEBAR When applicable, the SPACEBAR key can be used to: Start a spin (if the “Spacebar to spin / stop spin” option is enabled). Skip some of the animations and end the game round more quickly if possible. Last modification date: 3/10/2026