Ozzy Osbourne Ozzy Osbourne Video Slots™ is a 5-reel, 3-row, 20-line (fixed) video slot featuring Re-Spin, Free Spins and Symbol Charge Up with Symbol Spinner and Feature Spinner. The game is played with 20 bet lines (fixed), 1-5 bet levels (20 coins per level at base bet and 40 coins per level with Bonus Bet) and different coin values. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. Bet level is the number of coins bet per bet line. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins available to wager. MAX BET plays the game at the highest bet level and the current coin value. When playing at any lower bet level, MAX BET must be clicked twice to play the round at the selected level. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown in the Paytable multiplied by the bet level. This amount is also multiplied by any applicable multipliers. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. Bonus Bet If Bonus Bet is activated, the game is played with 40 coins per bet level. If Bonus Bet is activated, more Free Spins can be activated, and Multiplier values in Free Spins increase from x2 and x3 to x5 and x7. Re-Spin 2 Scatter symbols appearing on reels 1, 3 or 5 in the main game activate a Re-Spin. Before the Re-Spin, the Symbol Charge Up is activated. First, the Symbol Spinner defines the symbol that is awarded a feature for the Re-Spin. Next, the Feature Spinner defines the feature that is applied to this chosen symbol for the Re-Spin. If a Scatter symbol appears on the Symbol Spinner in the Re-Spin, the Bat Head appears on the Feature Spinner, and Free Spins are activated after the Re-Spin. When playing at base bet, 4 Free Spins are activated. When playing with Bonus Bet, 5 Free Spins are activated. Re-Spin is played at the same bet level and coin value as the spin that activated the Re-Spin. Any Re-Spin wins are added to any wins from the initial spin. Free Spins 3 Scatter symbols appearing on reels 1, 3 and 5 in the main game or a Scatter symbol appearing on the Feature Spinner in the Re-Spin activate Free Spins. When playing at base bet, 4 Free Spins are activated. When playing with Bonus Bet, 5 Free Spins are activated. During the Free Spins, the Symbol Charge Up is activated before each Free Spin. First, the Symbol Spinner defines the symbol that is awarded a feature until the end of the Free Spins. Next, the Feature Spinner defines the feature that is applied to this chosen symbol until the end of the Free Spins. If a Scatter symbol appears on the Symbol Spinner in Free Spins, one additional Free Spin is awarded, and the Symbol Spinner re-spins. The maximum number of Free Spins is 7. Free Spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the round that activated Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the total win from Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the game returns to the round that activated Free Spins. Symbol Charge Up In the Re-Spin and Free Spins, the Symbol Charge Up is activated. First, the Symbol Spinner defines the symbol. Next, the Feature Spinner defines the feature that is applied to this chosen symbol during the Re-Spin or Free Spins. Any symbol except for the Wild symbol can appear on the Symbol Spinner. The following features can appear on the Feature Spinner: Coin Win : Each chosen symbol appearing on the reels awards a coin win equal to a 3 of a kind win with this symbol multiplied by the bet level. Wild : Each chosen symbol appearing on the reels transforms into a Wild symbol. Symbol Multiplier : All wins with the chosen symbol are multiplied by the awarded Multiplier. Multiplier values are x2 and x3 at base bet and increase to x5 and x7 with Bonus Bet. In Free Spins, if one symbol is awarded both Multiplier values, they are added. Upgrade : Each chosen symbol appearing on the reels transforms into the symbol before it according to the Paytable. In Free Spins, the symbol gets all the features already applied to the symbol it transforms into. Upgrade cannot be applied to the first symbol on the Paytable. In Free Spins, the Upgrade feature can be chained when activated twice or more. For example, if the Upgrade feature is applied to the Skull symbol, it transforms into the Crow symbol. If later in Free Spins the Upgrade feature is applied to the Cross symbol, it transforms into the Crow symbol as well, as two Upgrade features are chained. In Free Spins, only one feature can be applied to each symbol. In Multiplier feature, both Multiplier values can be awarded to the same symbol. Wild Symbol Wild symbols can appear anywhere on the reels in the main game, Re-Spin and Free Spins and substitute for all symbols except for Scatter symbols. Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the Paytable. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to activate/deactivate the Bonus Bet. Click to view the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to view the game rules. Click to view the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or view the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click to view the Paytable. Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the Paytable pages. Click to go back to the main game. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick Spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Intro Screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history. (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay settings click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stops Autoplay when you win in a round. If Free Spins is won . Stops Autoplay when Free Spins is won. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay settings. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some Autoplay settings are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Bonus Bet Bonus Bet Wild Wild Scatter Scatter Re-Spin Re-Spin Free Spins Free Spins Symbol Charge Up Symbol Charge Up Symbol Spinner Symbol Spinner Feature Spinner Feature Spinner Coin Win Coin Win Multiplier Multiplier Upgrade Upgrade