Divine Fortune Megaways Divine Fortune™ Megaways™ is a 6-reel Megaways™ video slot with Falling Wilds Re-Spins, a Wild on Wild feature, and Free Spins with 3 Bonus Win symbols. The game is played with up to 117649 Megaways™, different bet values, coin values, and bet levels (only when playing with coins). The game can be played with cash or coins. To switch between cash and coins, go to the Game Settings. Note: Not all betting modes are available in all casinos. BET is the amount of coins or cash to bet. Bet level is an option in bet settings when playing with coins, that along with the coin value modifies the amount of the bet and hence the wins. BALANCE displays the amount of cash or coins available to bet. When playing with coins, the bet value is set by clicking the Bet Settings button and selecting the coin value and the bet level. When playing with cash, the bet value is set by clicking the Bet Settings button and selecting the bet. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. When playing with cash, symbol payout values shown in the Paytable are dynamic and change in accordance with the selected bet value. A Megaways™ win in coins is equal to the value shown in the Paytable multiplied by the bet level. Megaways™ During every spin in the main game and Free Spins, the number of symbols landing on each reel is selected randomly. The number of symbols landing on each reel ranges from 2 to 7. Matching symbols in any position on two or more adjacent reels, starting from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel, result in a Megaways™ win. A Megaways™ win is equal to the value shown in the Paytable. When winning combinations are evaluated, each symbol on the reel is counted once regardless of its size on the reel. More wins are awarded when additional instances of the symbol appear on the same reels that create the longest Megaways™ win. During each spin, the number of Megaways™ is equal to the number of symbols on each of the reels multiplied. The maximum number of Megaways™ is 117649. The total number of Megaways™ for the spin is displayed on the Megaways™ counter. Only the longest matching combination per symbol is paid. Simultaneous Megaways™ wins on different combinations are added. Megaways™ Payout Example When playing with coins at bet level 1, 3 matching Medusa symbols on adjacent reels starting from the leftmost reel award 15 coins, while 3 matching 10 symbols award 1 coin. The win from Medusa symbols is multiplied by 2 (for 2 Medusa symbols on reel 1), giving a total win of 2 x 15 + 1 = 31 coins. When playing with cash, the Megaways™ payout follows the same logic as when playing with coins, and the calculated outcome depends on the current bet value. Falling Wilds Re-Spins After a Wild symbol appears on the reels and all bet wins are awarded for that spin, each Wild symbol shifts down one position on the reels and a Falling Wilds Re-Spin is awarded, in both the main game and Free Spins. Wild symbols that shift downward during Falling Wilds Re-Spins are called Falling Wilds. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except for Free Spins symbols and Bonus Win symbols. Wild symbols continue to activate Falling Wilds Re-Spins until they disappear from the reels. A Falling Wilds Re-Spin is still awarded on the round when the last Falling Wild symbol falls off the reels on the bottom row. Additional Falling Wilds Re-Spins can be won during a Falling Wilds Re-Spin. Free Spins can be won during Falling Wilds Re-Spin. Falling Wilds Re-Spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the spin that activated Falling Wilds Re-Spins. Falling Wilds Re-Spins wins are automatically added to any wins from the initial spin. The bet level and coin value cannot be changed during a Falling Wilds Re-Spin. Wild on Wild Feature A Wild symbol landing on a position occupied by a Falling Wild symbol in the main game and Free Spins activate the Wild on Wild feature. When the Wild on Wild feature is activated, the Wild symbol expands to cover the entire reel and all bet wins are awarded for that spin. After all bet wins for that spin are awarded, each Wild symbol shifts down one position on the reels and a Falling Wilds Re-Spin is awarded with up to 7 Falling Wilds on the reels. If 4 or more Free Spins symbols appear in the same spin as a Wild symbol, any Falling Wilds Re-Spins that are won in the round that activated Free Spins are played after Free Spins are completed. Free Spins 4 Free Spins symbols appearing anywhere on the reels activate 10 Free Spins. Each extra Free Spins symbol appearing in addition to 4 Free Spins symbols award 5 additional Free Spins according to the game paytable. Any Wild symbol appearing on the reels in Free Spins expands to cover the entire reel and transforms into Wild on Wild feature. 3 different Bonus Win symbols can appear anywhere on the reels in Free Spins. Free Spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the round that activated Free Spins. Free Spins end when there are no more Free Spins left. At the end of Free Spins, the total win from Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the game returns to the round that activated Free Spins. Wins are evaluated after the Wild symbols are expanded. Free Spins - Bonus Wins In Free Spins, three different Bonus Win symbols can appear anywhere on the reels: Bronze Bonus Win symbol, Silver Bonus Win symbol, and Gold Bonus Win symbol. Collecting 5 identical Bonus Win symbols award a win of 10 to 500 times the bet. Each Bonus Win symbol appearing on the reels add one point to the respective Bonus Meter. When the number of points in any of the Bonus Meters reaches 5 or more, it is decreased by 5 and a Bonus Win is awarded. 5 Gold Bonus Win symbols = 500 X Bet 5 Silver Bonus Win symbols = 25 X Bet 5 Bronze Bonus Win symbols = 10 X Bet Once the Bonus Win is awarded, the Bonus Meter resets to zero and the Bonus Meter continues collecting the Bonus Win symbols. If the Bonus Meter collects 4 identical Bonus Win symbols in one spin and 3 identical Bonus Win symbols in the next spin, the identical Bonus Win symbols are added, and the corresponding Bonus Win is awarded. The remaining Bonus Win symbols are carried forward. You can continue collecting the Bonus Win symbols and win Gold Bonus, Silver Bonus, and Bronze Bonus until the Free Spins end. It is possible to collect all three Bonus Wins during the Free Spins round. Bonus Wins are added to the total balance. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Main Game Spin Button Click to start a game round at the current bet value. Stop Button Click to stop the game round. Quick Spin Click to turn quick spin on or off (not available in all casinos). Autoplay Click to choose the number of Autoplay rounds and advanced Autoplay settings. Stop Autoplay If Autoplay rounds have been chosen, the remaining number of rounds is displayed on the counter. Click the counter to stop Autoplay. When the Spin button is visible, the counter is displayed on the Spin button. Bet Settings Click to set the bet value or coin value and bet level. Coin Value and Level When playing with coins, use the Coin Value and Level selectors to set the bet value. The text on the selectors is displayed in the current game language. Sound Click to mute the game sound or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Paytable Click to view winning combinations and payouts. Menu Click to access the game settings and game information. Game Settings and Game Information Game Settings Click to view the game settings menu. Show bet in cash : Switches between bet in cash and bet in coins. Quick spin : Turns the quick spin option on or off (not available in all casinos). Spacebar to spin : Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game Rules Click to view the game rules. Game History Click to view your latest game history. The game history is available only when playing for money. Note: The game history might be displayed with a delay. Note: The game logs will always display coin rather than cash value, regardless of the mode selected before play. A reminder that a win in cash equals a win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Advanced Autoplay Settings To set advanced Autoplay settings, click on the Autoplay button and choose the number of Autoplay rounds. Then click Advanced Settings to choose one or more stop conditions. To start the Autoplay rounds, click on the Spin button. The text on the button is displayed in the current game language. On any win . Stops Autoplay when you win in a round. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by : Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by : Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. If Free Spins are won . Stops Autoplay when Free Spins are won. Click Reset to clear all chosen Autoplay stop conditions. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some Autoplay settings are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Close Click to go back to the main game. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the Casino Operator’s website. For more information, refer to the Casino Operator’s website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. Translations of Game Terminology Malfunction voids all pays and plays Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Wild Wild Falling Wilds Falling Wilds Re-Spin Re-Spin Wild on Wild Wild on Wild Free Spins Free Spins Megaways Megaways Bonus Wins Bonus Wins Gold Bonus Win Gold Bonus Win Silver Bonus Win Silver Bonus Win Bronze Bonus Win Bronze Bonus Win Bonus Meter Bonus Meter Big Win Big Win Mega Win Mega Win Super Mega Win Super Mega Win Last modification date: 7/23/2025