Dragon Tribe xNUDGE WILD A Wild that lands will drop down to the bottom position and will increase a payout multiplier for every step it drops, then expand to cover the entire reel. A xNudge Wild may land on reel 2 to 5. A Wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except Bonus. xWAYS MYSTERY SYMBOL A mystery symbol that can hold 2 to 3 of the same symbol inside and will expand the reels. xWays symbols can land on all reels and expand a reel up to 6 symbols high. Multiple xWays Mystery Symbol may land during one spin. xWays Mystery Symbol is activated in main game and Dragon Spins Extreme. DRAGON SPINS Activated by 3 bonus symbols. Any additional bonus symbols awards 3 additional Dragon Spins. Choose between two bonus modes - Dragon Spins to win more often or Dragon Spins Extreme for higher risk and higher potential. Dragon Spins Extreme activates both xWays Mystery Symbol and xNudge Wild feature, while Dragon Spins only activates the xNudge Wild feature.Minimum of one xWays Mystery Symbol is guaranteed on each initial cascade in Dragon Spins Extreme. DRAGON WILD In Dragon Spins every third winning cascade will turn one of the five dragons into Dragon Wilds for the rest of the bonus round and award +2 extra spins. Game rules Dragon Tribe is a video slot with 3 features; xNudge Wilds, xWays Mystery Symbol and Dragon Spins. A 6-reel, up to 6-row video slot with 15 symbols and cascading reels. 4096 win ways by default and possible additional win ways when xWays Mystery Symbol expands. The theoretical return to the player for this game is ≈94.41%. The theoretical return to the player for Dragon Spins feature buy is ≈94.43%. Simulated maximum payout is 26914 times the bet (1:20000000000 rounds). Features and spin results affect each other within a game round. For the Greece jurisdiction the win can not exceed €140000. Optimal return to player when landing 3 Scatters is achieved by choosing Dragon Spins bonus mode. Optimal return to player when landing 4 or more Scatters is achieved by choosing Dragon Spins Extreme bonus mode. A Wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except Bonus. A Wild symbol substitutes for the highest possible winning combination according to the pay table. Coinciding wins on multiple combinations are paid out. A winning combination of the same symbol pays from leftmost to right on adjacent reels. Winning combinations and pays are made according to the pay table. Different reel configurations are used, depending on the game mode (main game or any of the bonus modes). Cascading reels: Any winning symbols will explode and be removed and let new symbols fall into place which may award additional wins. Main game: Landing 3 bonus symbols will award 10 Dragon Spins, additional bonus symbol will award 3 additional spins each. xNudge Wild symbols can only land on the 4 middle reels – reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. xNudge Wilds explodes the symbols underneath it and every nudge downwards increases multplier with +1. Multiple consecutive xNudge Wild multipliers are added up to a total win multiplier. Example: x3+x1=x4. xWays Mystery Symbol expands the reels and reveals 2 to 3 of the same symbol. All symbol payout values in pay table are displayed in the same currency as bet placed. A malfunction voids all pays. Malfunction in gaming hardware/software; all affected bets are refunded. Game rounds not finished within 90days will automatically be closed. Any accumulated wins during that game round will be paid out. These rounds cannot be replayed. Autoplay automatically plays the game for selected number of rounds or when any of the advanced autoplay setting criteria are fulfilled. When changing autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect upon completion of the game round or feature. Some autoplay features may be mandatory for some jurisdictions. When playing with Cryptocurrency, unfinished game rounds and states will automatically reset after 24 hours. Any accumulated wins during this round will be paid out. Last modification date: 12/9/2025