Finn and the Dragon Tales Game Basics Finn and the Dragon Tales™ is a 7-reel, 7-row video slot with Wild Features, the Dragon Feature, the Random Wilds Feature, Free Spins with multipliers, and the Elevate Feature with 5 options. The main game is played with win matches and scattered wins. 3 or more of the same symbols appearing in a vertical or horizontal line, without gaps, anywhere on the reels award a win. Simultaneous wins from different combinations of symbols are added. Only the highest win per combination is paid. In-game features during the main game also activate scattered combinations of symbols, where 1 or more symbols appearing anywhere on the reels award a scattered win. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable multiplied by any applicable multiplier. Symbol payout values shown in the Paytable are dynamic and change in accordance with the selected bet value. Spin Mechanic Symbols on the reels appear in a clockwise spiral pattern that starts at the bottom left corner and ends in the center. Any win in the main game starts an Avalanche™. Symbols in winning combinations disappear, while remaining symbols move following the pattern to fill empty positions, with new symbols appearing in the bottom left corner. After all positions are filled, the wins are evaluated again. Avalanches continue until there are no more wins. Wild Symbols The Wild symbol may have a x1 or a x2 multiplier, depending on the feature activated. If a Wild x2 symbol is placed on the reels on top of a Wild x1 symbol, it replaces the Wild x1 symbol. In wins involving more than one multiplier, only the highest multiplier is applied. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols, only in a win match, except for the Dragon symbols and the Free Spins Key symbol. Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination according to the Paytable. Wild Features and Dragon Feature In the main game, a win match of 3 or more symbols without a Wild appearing on the reels activates one of the following features: the Wild x1 Feature, the Wild x2 Feature, or the Dragon Feature. Once a win match leaves the play area, and after their wins are evaluated, the symbols that formed the win match are replaced by a Wild symbol or a Dragon symbol: Wild x1 Feature Activated by a win match of 3 symbols. The win match is replaced by a Wild x1 symbol in the middle position before the next Avalanche begins. Wild x2 Feature Activated by a win match of 4 symbols. The win match is replaced by a Wild x2 symbol before the next Avalanche begins. In a vertical win match, the Wild x2 symbol is placed in the second position from the bottom. In a horizontal win match, the Wild x2 symbol is placed in the second position from the right. When 3, 4, 5, 6 or 7 Wild symbols appear in a line and are not able to create a winning combination with another symbol, they substitute for the highest-paying symbol according to the Paytable. Dragon Feature Activated by a win match of 5 or more symbols. The win match is replaced by a Dragon symbol before the next Avalanche begins. The Dragon symbol may have a x1, x2, or x5 multiplier. The multiplier and the colour of the Dragon symbol depend, respectively, on the length and colour group (blue, red, or green) of the symbols in the win match that the Dragon symbol is replacing. When the Dragon symbol is placed on the reels, all symbols present on the reels that are in the same colour group as the Dragon, if there are any, are transformed into the same type of symbol of the win match that activated the Dragon Feature, generating a scattered win. When there is more than one Dragon symbol on the reels, the multiplier on each of them is applied only to the scattered win generated by that same Dragon symbol. Example: A win match of 7 symbols in the green group is replaced by a green Dragon x5 symbol in the middle position, and a win match of 6 symbols in the blue group is replaced by a blue Dragon x2 symbol. The green Dragon x5 symbol turns all symbols in the green group on the reels into the same type of symbol that activated the green Dragon x5 symbol. The blue Dragon x2 symbol turns all symbols in the blue group on the reels into the same type of symbols that activated the blue Dragon x2 symbol. These two transformations activate two scattered wins. The green scattered win is multiplied by 5, and the blue scattered win is multiplied by 2. The green Dragon symbol transforms symbols in the green group. The blue Dragon symbol transforms symbols in the blue group. The red Dragon symbol transforms symbols in the red group. If a Dragon symbol appears on the reels on top of a Wild symbol, it replaces the Wild symbol. Random Wilds Feature The Random Wilds feature is activated by a scattered win appearing on the reels. After a scattered win leaves the play area and the wins are evaluated, the Dragon symbols on the reels, all together, randomly place between 2 and 4 Wild symbols on top of symbols present on the reels. The Wild symbols placed may randomly have a x2, x3, x5, or x10 multiplier. Wild symbols placed on the reels by the Random Wilds feature cannot be placed in a position where there already is a Wild symbol, a Dragon symbol, or the Free Spins Key symbol. If there are not enough positions available on the reels, the number of Wild symbols placed by the Random Wilds feature is reset to the number of positions available. Once the Wild symbols are placed on the reels, the next Avalanche begins. Free Spins Key Symbol The Free Spins Key symbol can appear only in the main game and is placed in the bottom left corner of the reels at the start of every spin. The Free Spins Key symbol reaching the centre of the reels as a result of Avalanches activates Free Spins. The Free Spins Key symbol cannot be removed from the reels or transformed into a different symbol by one of the features. Free Spins When the Free Spins Key symbol reaches the bronze, silver, or gold zone in the reels after all Avalanches have taken place, Free Spins are activated, and a Dragon symbol is placed at the centre of the Free Spins reels. The bronze zone has four bronze-coloured keyholes and activates 5 Free Spins and the green Dragon symbol. The silver area has two silver-coloured keyholes and activates 8 Free Spins and the blue Dragon symbol. The gold zone has a golden-coloured keyhole at the centre of the reels and activates 10 Free Spins and the red Dragon symbol. Additionally, a Free Spins Multiplier is activated at the start of Free Spins and is set by default to x1 at the start of each spin. During Free Spins, only two types of symbols can appear on the reels: gemstone symbols and rock symbols. At the start of each spin, the Dragon symbol at the centre transforms all regular symbols into one random type of symbol of its colour group, generating a scattered win. Before the scattered win is evaluated, the rock symbols on the reels are destroyed, and a random number of them may reveal different types of treasure chests. The treasure chests are opened in the following order, when present on the reels: Multiplier treasure chest Cash Prize treasure chest Extra Free Spins treasure chest Extra Dragon symbol treasure chest Each multiplier treasure chest awards a multiplier with a random value of x1, x2, x5, or x10. The multipliers revealed are immediately added to the value of the Free Spins Multiplier. Each coin treasure chest awards a cash prize with a random value of 0.25, 0.5, or 1 time the bet. Each Extra Free Spin treasure chest awards 3 additional Free Spins, which are immediately added to the Free Spins counter. Each Extra Dragon treasure chest awards a random extra Dragon symbol, which fills all the empty positions on the reels with regular symbols (each Dragon symbol awards symbols from its colour group). The Dragon then transforms the symbols placed on the reels into symbols of the same type, generating a scattered win. Once all treasure chests have revealed their prizes, and there are no more wins on the reels, the wins of that spin are evaluated (the value of the scattered wins + the value of the cash prizes awarded, multiplied by the current Free Spins Multiplier), and the next spin (if there is any left in the Free Spins counter) starts. Free Spins are played at the same bet as the round that activated Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the total win from Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins, and the game returns to the round that activated Free Spins. Pay Mechanic The main game is played with win matches and scattered wins. 3 or more of the same symbols appearing in a vertical or horizontal line, without gaps, anywhere on the reels award a win. Only the longest matching combination per symbol is paid. The combination of 1 or more of the same symbol appearing anywhere on the reels awards a scattered win. Free Spins are played with scattered combinations of symbols. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. For more information, see Unfinished Game Rounds. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 94.03%. The theoretical return to player in the Elevate Feature with Wild Hunt is 94.09%. The theoretical return to player in the Elevate Feature with Single Dragon is 94.01%. The theoretical return to player in the Elevate Feature with Double Dragon is 94.08%. The theoretical return to player in the Elevate Feature with Gold, Silver, Bronze is 94.03%. The theoretical return to player in the Elevate Feature with Gold Zone is 94.04%. Betting To play the game, you must have sufficient funds to cover your bet. You can see your current BALANCE on your screen. To start playing, first select the bet value. Click/tap "+" or "-" to increase or reduce the bet or click/tap on the bet value in the middle and select a bet value from a scrollable list. Please note that the selected bet will be applied to each spin. If your balance becomes insufficient to play, your bet will be automatically reduced to the highest available bet value. Minimum bet: 0.2 Maximum bet: 1,200 Once you have chosen the bet, click/tap the SPIN button to start playing. SPIN During a spin, you can use the STOP button to stop the reels more quickly if possible. STOP To use the Elevate Feature, click/tap the ELEVATE button. In the Elevate Feature panel, select the feature of your choice. The total Elevate cost and the winnings are dynamic and change according to the spin bet value. The Elevate Feature remains active for every spin until manually deactivated. Autoplay Autoplay allows you to repeat your selected bet for a chosen number of game rounds. To start Autoplay, choose the desired bet value and then click/tap the Autoplay button. In the Autoplay panel, you can start Autoplay by selecting the number of rounds you want your bet to be repeated for. Your selected number of Autoplay rounds will be displayed on the Autoplay button. The number of remaining Autoplay rounds will be updated, once Autoplay is started. Your total Autoplay bet amount is calculated by multiplying the number of Autoplay rounds with the value of your bet. It is indicated under each Autoplay option. The remaining Autoplay bet amount will also be displayed under the chosen Autoplay option, once Autoplay has started. Your automatic game rounds will continue until either your chosen number of Autoplay rounds are complete, you choose to stop Autoplay by clicking/tapping STOP, or the Free Spins round is activated. STOP When Autoplay is stopped, you will be able to start Autoplay with the previously selected bet and number of rounds again by clicking/tapping REPEAT. REPEAT While Autoplay is running, it is not possible to change your bets. You should stop Autoplay to change the bets. Other Controls BUTTON FUNCTION Click/tap the SOUND button to turn the game sounds on or off. Alternatively, use the slider to adjust the volume of game sounds. The button and/or the slider might not be available on some devices. Click/tap the SETTINGS button to open a menu of user-changeable settings: All sounds: Turns the game sounds on or off. You can also use the slider to adjust the volume of game sounds, if it is available on your device. Game effects and Music: Turn the game effects or music on or off. Alternatively, use the sliders to adjust the volume. Game Speed: Select the desired spin speed — REGULAR, QUICK SPIN, or SUPER QUICK SPIN. Alternatively, click the QUICK SPIN button, if available on your device, to go from REGULAR to QUICK, from QUICK to SUPER QUICK, and from SUPER QUICK back to REGULAR speed. Intro screen: Turns the intro screen on or off. Confirm Elevate Features: Enables / disables the confirmation dialog when buying Elevate Features. Spacebar to spin / stop a spin: Enables / disables the option to start or stop a spin using the spacebar. Click/tap the GAME HISTORY button to view the game rounds you have played and the results of those rounds. Click/tap the HOW TO PLAY button to view the game rules. Click/tap the FULL SCREEN button to enter the full screen mode or click/tap the EXIT FULL SCREEN button to exit it. Click/tap the HOME button to leave the game. Responsible Gaming The RESPONSIBLE GAMING button allows you to access the page outlining the Responsible Gaming policy. This page provides useful information and links regarding responsible online gaming behaviour and how to set limitations to your game sessions. Unfinished Game Rounds All unfinished game rounds, regardless of whether further player activity is required, shall be auto completed after thirty (30) minutes of inactivity. All winnings and/or losses from the auto completed rounds shall subsequently be deposited or withdrawn, as required, from the player's account. The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the Operator's website. For more information, refer to the Operator's website: The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. Game Number Each game round is identified by a unique GAME NUMBER. This number reflects when the game round began in terms of GMT by hour: minute: second . Please use this game number for reference (or take a screenshot of the game number) if you wish to contact Customer Service regarding a particular round. Shortcut Keys Shortcut keys can be used to quickly perform useful game functions. KEY FUNCTION ESC When applicable, the ESC key can be used to: Exit full-screen mode. Close an open pop-up window (Game History, How to Play, Settings, etc.). SPACEBAR When applicable, the SPACEBAR key can be used to: Start a spin (if the “Spacebar to spin / stop spin” option is enabled). Skip some of the animations and end the game round more quickly if possible. Last modification date: 7/16/2025