BetMGM BetStacker Blackjack Royale Game Objective The objective of Classic Bet Stacker Blackjack is to achieve a higher card count than the dealer without going over 21. The best hand is Blackjack — when the sum of the values of the first two cards dealt is exactly 21. You play only against the dealer, not against other players, and have the chance to stack your bets and increase your winnings. Played with eight decks. The dealer always stands on 17. The dealer checks for Blackjack on an Ace. Cash out option is offered to the player. Double on any 2 initial cards. No Double after Split. Split initial cards of equal value. Only one Split per hand. Single card dealt to each Split Ace. Insurance offered when the dealer shows an Ace. Blackjack pays 3 to 2. Insurance pays 2 to 1. Push game when hands are tied. Game Rules The game is hosted by a dealer and up to 7 players can be seated at the Blackjack table. The game is played with 8 standard 52-card decks. Card values in Blackjack are as follows: Cards from 2 to 10 are worth their face values. Face cards (Jacks, Queens, and Kings) are each worth 10. Aces are worth 1 or 11, whichever is more favorable to the hand. Note that a soft hand includes an Ace worth 11. After the allotted betting time has expired, the Bonus element is generated, and the dealer deals one card face up to each player. Dealing starts with the first player to the dealer’s left and continues clockwise, ending with the dealer. The dealer then deals a second card face up to each player, but the dealer’s second card is dealt face down. The value of your initial hand is displayed next to your cards. Blackjack If the value of your initial two-card hand is exactly 21, you have Blackjack! Bonus Element After betting time ends and before the initial cards are dealt, the game generates a Bonus element. It has a randomly generated rank just like a regular playing card (A, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, J, Q or K) and has a monetary value based on your main bet. The monetary value is calculated by multiplying your main bet by a randomly generated multiplier (25%, 50%, 75% or 100%). The dealer begins dealing cards for each player. If one or both of a player’s initial two cards match the rank of the Bonus element, the Bonus element’s value is added to their main bet for each match, and the Bonus element changes its color to gold. Players whose main bet increased after matching a Bonus element will have their chips highlighted with a golden hue. Bet Stacker Rules You place an additional 10% Bet Stacker fee for every main bet. For example, if your bet is 10, the 10% fee applied is 1, and your total bet is 11. This allows you to increase your main bet if one of your initial cards matches the rank of the Bonus element. The Bet Stacker fee does not apply to Double and Split. Insurance If the dealer’s upcard is an Ace, you are given the option to purchase insurance to offset the risk that the dealer has Blackjack — even when you have Blackjack yourself. The amount of insurance is equal to one half of your main bet, and the insurance bet is settled separately from the bet on your hand. The dealer then peeks at the value of their downcard to check for Blackjack. If the dealer does not have Blackjack, the round continues. If the dealer has Blackjack, but you do not, the dealer’s hand wins. If you and the dealer both have Blackjack, the game ends in a push and your bet is returned. Note that when the dealer’s up card is a 10 or face card, you will not be given the option to purchase insurance, and the dealer will not peek at their down card to check for Blackjack. Double, Hit, or Stand When the dealer does not have Blackjack upon checking their two initial cards, the players are given the chance to improve the values of their hands in turn. To enable this, the dealer moves clockwise around the table offering to deal further cards to players’ hands. If the value of your initial hand is not 21, you can decide to Double. In this case, you will double your main bet, which consists of the original bet plus the value of the Bonus element received during the Bet Stacker phase and be dealt only one additional card to add to your hand. Alternatively, you can decide to Hit to be dealt an additional card to add to the value of your hand. You can Hit more than once to receive additional cards before you decide to Stand once you are satisfied with the value of your hand. Split If your initial hand is a pair of cards of equal value, you can decide to Split the pair to make two separate hands, each with a separate bet equal to your main bet, which consists of the original bet plus the value of the Bonus element received during the Bet Stacker phase. After a second card is dealt to both your hands, you can improve the value of these two hands by deciding to Hit. Again, you can choose to Stand once you are satisfied with the value of your two hands. However, if you Split an initial pair of Aces, you will receive only one additional card per hand with no option to Hit. Cash Out After the cards are dealt, and if the dealer does not have Blackjack, you have a decision to make. One of the decisions presented to you is to cash out: if you decide to cash out, the game for that hand will end, and you will receive back the value that is shown to you in the Cash Out decision button. The Cash Out payout ratio changes based on your total score for the hand and the dealer’s face-up card. The Cash Out rule applies only to your main bet. You can control the visibility of this option in your decision panel in Settings. Outcome If the sum of your hand exceeds 21, you bust and lose your bet on that hand. When all the players have taken their turns, the dealer reveals the value of their down card.The dealer must Hit on a hand of 16 or less and Stand on a hand of soft 17 or more. Remember that a “soft hand” includes an Ace worth 11. You win if the value of your final hand is closer to 21 than the dealer’s hand, or when the dealer busts. If the value of your hand is the same as the dealer’s, the game round ends in a push and your bet is returned. If you decided to cash out, you will receive back the value that was shown in the cash out decision button when the decision was offered to you. Blackjack is only possible using the two cards in the initial two-card deal. A hand of 21 resulting from a split pair is not considered a Blackjack. Therefore, Blackjack beats any hand of 21. Payouts Blackjack pays 3:2. A winning hand pays 1:1. If the dealer has Blackjack, insurance pays 2:1. Cash Out pays 0.4–1.77x. Please note that any malfunction voids the game round and all eventual payouts for the round. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Return to Player The optimal theoretical payout percentage for Blackjack is 99.29%*. The Return to Player (RTP) is calculated as a percentage of the initial wager, reflecting how much players can expect to win back over time based on their original bet. The theoretical payout percentage for always taking the early cash out offer is 96.80%. *based on the first hand from the shoe A Player’s skill and/or strategy will have an impact on their chances of winning. Take a Seat Click/tap the SIT HERE icon above the vacant seat you wish to occupy. When you have taken a seat at the table, your screen name is displayed beneath the seat. You can occupy 1 seat. When you wish to leave your seat, click/tap the X button at your seat. If you are inactive and do not place a bet, you will lose your seat. Place Bets The BET LIMITS panel shows the minimum and maximum allowed bet limits at the table, which may change from time to time. Open the Bet Limits to check your current limits. BetMGM BetStacker Blackjack Royale ⁦⁦⁦$⁩1⁩ – 1,000⁩ To participate in the game, you must have sufficient funds to cover your bets. You can see your current BALANCE on your screen. BALANCE $⁩100,000⁩ In the Immersive view, the TIMER informs you of the duration of the betting time. After it expires, betting is closed and no more bets are accepted. In the classic view, the TRAFFIC LIGHTS tell you the current status in the game round by informing you when you can bet (GREEN light), when betting time is nearly over (YELLOW light), and when betting time has expired (RED light). PLACE YOUR BETS The CHIP DISPLAY allows you to select the value of each chip you wish to bet. Only chips of denominations that can be covered by your current balance will be enabled. Once you have selected a chip, place your bet by simply clicking/tapping the appropriate bet spot on the game table. The same bet will be automatically placed on all your seats. On desktop, this applies to the main bet, and on tablet and smartphone, to the main bet and side bets. Each time you click/tap the bet spot, the amount of your bet increases by the value of the selected chip or up to the maximum limit for the type of bet you have selected. Once you have bet the maximum limit, no additional funds will be accepted for that bet, and a message will appear above your bet to notify you that you have bet the maximum. The REPEAT button allows you to repeat all bets from the previous game round. This button is only available before the first chip is placed. The DOUBLE (x2) button allows you to quickly double your bet up to the maximum limit. This button is enabled after you have placed any bet. The UNDO button removes the last bet you placed. You can click/tap the UNDO button repeatedly to remove bets, one by one, in the reverse order in which they were placed. You can clear all your bets by holding the UNDO button. The TOTAL BET indicator displays the total amount of all bets placed in the current round. TOTAL BET$⁩500 You will see other players’ bets converted into your currency. Live Support Contact Live Support for game-related inquiries. Make a Decision As soon as you receive your first two cards, you can make an initial decision regarding your hand before all cards are dealt and even before the dealer reaches your turn. The decision options (e.g. Hit, Stand, Double, Split) will be displayed, and only those options currently available to you will be enabled. If the dealer has not reached your seat in the current round, you can still change your decision. Click/tap the score box to show the decision options (Hit, Stand, Double, or Split). When it is your turn, the dealer will act upon the initial decision you have made. If you have not already made a decision prior to your turn, the decision-making window will appear. The timer will inform you of the time remaining for you to make a decision. The decision options are represented as follows: HIT: an additional card is drawn. STAND: no additional cards are drawn. DOUBLE: your bet is doubled and only one additional card is drawn. SPLIT: your bet is doubled, and your cards are split into two individual hands. CASH OUT: the round is finished for your hand and you will receive back the amount displayed on the Cash Out button. The amount that you will get back depends on the value of your hand and the dealer’s face-up card and will only apply to the main bet. The early Cash Out option will not be possible if you decided to double or you busted, and if the value of your hand is 21 or a Blackjack. If you do not make a decision before the time expires, the following auto-decision will be applied: If the total card value of your hand is 11 or less, then — HIT. If the total card value of your hand is more than 11, then — STAND. If your balance is insufficient for Double or Split, the corresponding buttons for those decisions will be disabled. If your balance becomes insufficient before Double or Split decisions are accepted, then your preferred decisions will be rejected and the following auto-decision will be applied instead: If your decision was to Double, then — HIT. If your decision was to Split and the total card value of your hand is 11 or less, then — HIT. If your decision was to Split and the total card value of your hand is more than 11, then — STAND. Focus Mode If you prefer not to see the activity and information about the other players at the table, you can turn on Focus Mode. Simply click/tap the Focus Mode icon. Focus Mode is available during all game phases. Chat Chat with other players and/or with a game presenter. Tipping Tipping lets you show gratitude to the game presenters for their good service. Game Number Each game round is identified by a unique GAME NUMBER. 21:10:10 This number reflects when the game round began in terms of GMT by hour: minute: second . Please use this game number for the reference (or take a screenshot of the game number) if you wish to contact Customer Service regarding a particular round. Sound Sound controls all sounds in the game. Game History Game History displays your Evolution game rounds and results. Settings The SETTINGS button launches a menu of user-changeable settings. Your chosen settings will be applied at once and will be stored in your profile. Stored settings will be launched automatically when you log in from any device. You can alter your general and game settings. GENERAL You can hide/unhide other players’ chat messages. You can hide/unhide the Cash Out decision. VIDEO Your video quality is auto-adjusted, but you can manually change your video quality by selecting the specific stream. SOUND You can mute/unmute all game sounds and voices and adjust their relative volumes. Responsible Gaming The RESPONSIBLE GAMING button allows you to access the page outlining the Responsible Gaming policy. This page provides useful information and links regarding responsible online gaming behavior and how to set limitations to your game sessions. Error Handling If there is an error in the game, system, or game procedure, the game round will be temporarily paused while the game host notifies the service manager. You and other players will be notified via Chat, or by an on-screen pop-up message, that the issue is being investigated. If the manager can immediately resolve the error, the game round will continue as normal. If immediate resolution is not possible, the game round will be canceled, and the initial bets will be refunded to all the players who participated in the game round. Disconnection Policy If you are disconnected from a game round, any placed bets remain valid and are settled in your absence. Upon reconnecting, you can view the bet outcomes in the History window. Shuffling Gameplay continues until the cut card is dealt. Subsequently, the cards are shuffled by a dealer or a shuffler. If a shuffle table is available, then two shoes with two sets of playing cards are used at the table. In this case, the dealer swaps the shoes, and the shuffle is performed by a shuffler at the shuffling table while the dealer continues to host the game round. More Games Evolution Lobby — easy game selection without exiting your current game until a new game is chosen. LOBBY Multi-Game Play If you enjoy non-stop action, you can join more than one game table — then view and play them simultaneously, all in the same browser window! After you have joined at least one game table, click on LOBBY. In the lobby or game, click the +TABLE button associated with that table to join it. Certain tables may be unavailable for multi-game play and will therefore not display a +TABLE button. TABLE After you have joined multiple tables, you will be able to resize your browser window as a whole, but you will not be able to resize each game table window separately. You can exit any table without affecting your presence at other tables you have joined. To exit a table, click the X button. Please note: You will automatically exit a table if you join the same table through a different device/browser. If you click directly on a table icon instead of the +TABLE button, you will merely switch tables instead of joining the chosen table in addition to the table you joined previously. We kindly advise you to join only as many tables as your screen can accommodate while still allowing you to place bets deliberately and accurately. Shortcut Keys Shortcut keys can be used to quickly perform useful game functions. Key Function Number Keys from 1 onwards Select the desired chip from the chip display. Key “1” corresponds to the leftmost chip with the lowest value. Key “2” selects the next highest value chip, and so on. SPACEBAR Repeat your most recent bet. Press SPACEBAR a second time to double your bet. CTRL+Z (CMD+Z), DELETE, BACKSPACE Undo your last bet. Hold for 3 seconds to remove all your bets. ESC When applicable, the ESC key can be used to: Exit the full-screen mode Close an open pop-up window (History, How To Play, Settings, etc.) Last modification date: 3/16/2026