Dragon's Playground SPECIAL SYMBOLS AND FEATURES AVALANCHE™ Symbols forming wins disappear, making way for new symbols to drop in that may form new wins. FLAMES Paying symbols can appear, along with a flame attached to them. Destroyed symbols with flames on them form frames on that position – or on a random one if there is already a frame on that position. FRAMES Frames are formed when a paying symbol with a flame on it is destroyed. CYCLE ROUNDS On each 10th spin during the main game all formed frames will transform into Wild symbols. WILD SYMBOL The Wild symbol can appear only from the Cycle Rounds or Dragon's Breath features and substitutes for all other symbols except for the Scatter. The Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination according to the paytable. Where a win way only consists of Wild symbols, only the advertised payment for the length of 6x Wild in a win way will be paid out for that way. DRAGON'S BREATH Randomly the dragons can activate to add Wild symbols on the reels. This can happen on any spin except for the 10th spin activation for the Cycle Rounds feature. FREE SPINS 3+ Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels award 10 Free Spins with each additional Scatter above the 3 required increasing the awarded Free Spins by 4. 3+ Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels during Free Spins award 5 more Free Spins with each additional Scatter above the 3 required increasing the awarded Free Spins by 2. On each spin during Free Spin after the Avalanche feature ends, all remaining flames will be removed and formed frames in the current spin will transform into Wild symbols. GAME TERMINOLOGY English Term Translated Term W WILD SCATTER SCATTER JACKPOT JACKPOT *Jackpot symbols can only be displayed if they are configured and allowed in your jurisdiction. HOW TO PLAY DRAGONS PLAYGROUND™ Game Progress Any progress features in the game, including symbols locked onto the reels which affect subsequent spins, are saved for your game at the stake level you are playing at.You can have different progress levels at different stakes on the same game, and move between them by changing the stake. If you are awarded free spins from a promotional campaign any progress in the main game including any locked symbols, will be saved and be available to continue playing at the same stake once the free spins have been completed. Please note that this stateful game saves its state forever. FEATURE BUY The feature starts automatically after your confirmation. If you refresh the game during the feature you will receive the end result. The Buy Feature is activated immediately after clicking the "buy" button. The cost of each feature is displayed in the Feature Buy pop-up and is based on the currently selected stake. Buying a feature does NOT contribute towards any Jackpots. The calculated overall RTP in Feature Buy is 96.18%. Betting To play the game, you must have sufficient funds to cover your bet. You can see your current BALANCE on your screen. To start playing, first select the bet value. Click/tap “+” or “-” to increase or reduce the bet or click/tap on the bet value in the middle and select a bet value from a scrollable list. Please note that the selected bet will be applied to each spin. If your balance becomes insufficient to play, you will receive automatic message which says there is "Insufficient funds". Spin the Reels If you are playing on desktop, click the Spin button or press the spacebar to spin. Speed up each reel spin by pressing spacebar again, or by clicking on the reels. For TURBO SPIN, hold down the spacebar or the Spin button. Autoplay Autoplay allows you to repeat your selected bet for a chosen number of game rounds. To start Autoplay, choose the desired bet value and then click/tap the Autoplay button. In the Autoplay panel, you can start Autoplay by selecting the number of rounds you want your bet to be repeated for. Your selected number of Autoplay rounds will be displayed on the Autoplay button. The number of remaining Autoplay rounds will be updated, once Autoplay is started. Your total Autoplay bet amount is calculated by multiplying the number of Autoplay rounds with the value of your bet. It is indicated under each Autoplay option. The remaining Autoplay bet amount will also be displayed under the chosen Autoplay option, once Autoplay has started. Your automatic game rounds will continue until either your chosen number of Autoplay rounds are complete, or you choose to stop Autoplay by clicking/tapping STOP. The Autoplay will stop after a Bonus feature is completed. While Autoplay is running, it is not possible to change your bet. You need to stop Autoplay to change the bet. Other Controls Click/tap the PAYTABLE button to view the winning combinations and payouts. Click/tap the SOUND button to turn the game sounds on or off. Click/tap the HISTORY button to view the game rounds you have played and the results of those rounds. Click/tap the HELP button to view the game rules. Click/tap the FULL SCREEN button to enter the full screen mode or click/tap the EXIT FULL SCREEN button to exit it (alternatively, press ESC). Click/tap the HOME button to go back to the website homepage. home Game Speed: Select the desired spin speed — REGULAR, QUICK SPIN, or SUPER QUICK SPIN. Alternatively, click the QUICK SPIN button, if available on your device, to go from REGULAR to QUICK, from QUICK to SUPER QUICK, and from SUPER QUICK back to REGULAR speed. General types of games Check the pays menu in the game paytable if you are not sure of the game type. If you are playing a Lines game, the prize value from one payline is equal to the total stake divided by the number of paylines, multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple win lines, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same payline, the largest win is paid. Each individual payline can pay only once per spin.Example: Total stake is 2. Total paylines are 20. Symbol multiplier for length of 5 is 300. The win for 1 payline with this symbol and length would be calculated as such: 2 / 20 * 300 = 30. If you are playing a Ways, a MegaWays or a Cluster game, the prize value from one way or cluster in a Ways or Winning Clusters game is equal to the stake multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple ways or clusters, the total win values are summed. Example: Total stake = 2. Symbol win multiplier = 2. Win = 2x2 = 4. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable.Symbol payout values shown in the Paytable are dynamic and change in accordance with the selected stake value. If you are playing a Lines game, the prize value from one payline is equal to the payout advertised in the Paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple win lines, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same payline, the largest win is paid. Each individual payline can pay only once per spin.If you are playing a Ways or a Cluster game, the prize value from one way or winning cluster is equal to the payout advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple ways or clusters, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same way or cluster, the largest win is paid. If more than one win occurs on the same way or cluster, the largest win is paid. If there is a Scatter Symbol in the game, all wins will be paid in addition to any other symbol wins occurring on the same spin. If you are playing a Scatter Pays game only the highest winning combination is paid per symbol. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. In case of an incomplete game round due to connection loss where the result has not yet occurred, the game will generate an outcome for the round, which will be shown upon restoring of connection and the result will be visible in the Game History after refreshing the game. In case of an incomplete game round due to connection loss where the result has occurred, but the player could not be informed of this fact, the game will inform the player of the outcome upon refreshing of the game and the result will be visible in the Game History. Game Number Each game round is identified by a unique GAME NUMBER. This number reflects when the game round began in terms of GMT by hour: minute: second. Please use this game number for reference (or take a screenshot of the game number) if you wish to contact Customer Service regarding a particular round. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended.Malfunction voids all pays and plays. RTP ≈ 94.17% Minimum stake: $0.10 Maximum stake: $30 Last modification date: 3/28/2025