Jungle Spirit: Call of the Wild™ Game Rules Jungle Spirit: Call of the Wild™ is a 243-bet way, 5-reel, 3-row video slot featuring Free Spins, a Symbol Expansion feature and a Butterfly Boost feature. In the main game, the game is played on 243 bet ways, 1 - 5 levels (20 coins per level), and different coin values. In Free Spins the game turns into a 5-reel, 4-row video slot, thus increasing the bet ways up to 1024. There are no bet lines. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins available to wager. MAX BET plays the game at 243 bet ways, the highest bet level, and the current coin value. When playing at any lower bet level, MAX BET must be clicked twice to play the round at the selected level. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Matching symbols in any position on three or more adjacent reels, starting from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel, is a bet way win. Bet way wins pay if in succession from leftmost reel to right. Only the longest matching combination per symbol is paid. More bet way wins are created when additional instances of the symbol appear on the same reels that create the longest bet way win. It is possible to win on a Scatter symbol and a symbol at the same time, otherwise it is possible to win on 1 symbol only. A symbol win in coins is equal to the value shown in the Paytable multiplied by the bet level and the amount of times that symbol appears on each of the reels. A bet way win in coins is equal to the value shown in the PAYTABLE multiplied by the bet level. A bet way win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Example of a Way to Win payout at level 1 3 matching Tiger symbols on adjacent reels starting from the leftmost reel award 50 coins. This is multiplied by 2 (for 2 Tiger symbols on reel 3), giving a total win of 2 x 50 = 100. Symbol Expansion Feature Each symbol in the game, except for the Scatter symbol, may be marked by butterflies. Whenever such a symbol takes part in a winning combination in both the main game or Free Spins, it expands to cover the entire reel. Butterfly Boost Feature The Butterfly Boost feature is activated randomly in the main game during a win situation, when there are no Scatter symbols or symbols marked by butterflies on the reels. The butterflies fly around the reels and will expand 1 to 3 symbols that take part in a guaranteed winning combination. The expanded symbol will cover the entire reel. Butterfly Boost feature wins are added to any bet way wins. Free Spins 3 to 5 Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on the reels in the main game activate Free Spins. Additional Free Spins cannot be won during Free Spins. If Free Spins are activated with either 4 or 5 Scatter symbols, the player receives a coin win that equals 15 or 50 times the bet respectively. On entering the Free Spins, the player chooses 1 out of 5 Free Spins animals. Each animal represents a dominant medium win symbol, meaning that only this of all medium win symbol is present on the reels. The Tiger awards the player 4 Free Spins, the Elephant - 8 Free Spins, the Bear - 12 Free Spins, the Crocodile - 16 Free Spins, the Cobra - 20 Free Spins. Options with fewer Free Spins have higher risk, but come with a higher win potential. At the end of Free Spins, the total win from Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins (including the coin win, if any). At the end of Free Spins, the game returns to the round that activated Free Spins. Free Spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the round that activated Free Spins. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to open the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to open the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or open the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the PAYTABLE pages. Click to go back to the main game. Click to view the PAYTABLE . Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick Spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Intro Screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Ambience sound . Turns the background soundtrack on or off. Sound effects . Turns the game sound effects on or off. Nature sounds . Turns the sound of the forest on or off Game history . Click to view your latest game history (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . The players can set Autoplay to automatically choose an animal whenever they get Free Spins in Advanced settings under the Autoplay Free Spins section. On any win . Stop Autoplay when you win in a round. If Free Spins is won . Stops Autoplay if Free Spins is won. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay options. The option "If Free Spins is won" is selected by default. Clicking the Reset button will reset all the settings, except for the default ones. Autoplay Free Spins Select Tiger. Automatically chooses the Tiger if Free Spins are won. Select Elephant. Automatically chooses the Elephant if Free Spins are won. Select Bear. Automatically chooses the Bear if Free Spins are won. Select Crocodile. Automatically chooses the Crocodile if Free Spins are won. Select Cobra. Automatically chooses the Cobra if Free Spins are won. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round or Free Spins, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some autoplay options are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Malfunction voids all pays and plays Last modification date: 7/1/2025