BetMGM Roulette Gold Game Rules The objective of American Roulette is to predict the number on which the ball will land by placing one or more bets that cover that particular number. The wheel in American Roulette includes the numbers 1–36 plus a single 0 (zero) and a double zero (00). After betting time has expired, the ball is spun within the Roulette wheel. The ball will eventually come to rest in one of the numbered pockets within the wheel. You win if you have placed a bet that covers that particular number. Bet Types You can place many different kinds of bets on the Roulette table. Bets can cover a single number or a certain range of numbers, and each type of bet has its payout rate. Bets made on the numbered spaces in the betting area, or the lines between them, are called Inside Bets, while bets made on the special boxes below and to the side of the main grid of numbers are called Outside Bets. INSIDE BETS: Straight Up — place your chip directly on any single number (including zero). Split Bet — place your chip on the line between any two numbers, either the vertical or horizontal. Street Bet — place your chip at the end of any row of numbers. A Street Bet covers three numbers. Corner Bet — place your chip at the corner (central intersection) where four numbers meet. All four numbers are covered. Five Bet — place your chip on the outer boundary line of the betting grid between 0 and 1 (at the point where the bottom-right corner of the number 0 meets the bottom-left corner of the number one). A Five Bet covers five numbers: 0, 00, 1, 2, and 3. Line Bet — place your chip at the end of two rows on the intersection between the two rows. A line bet covers all the numbers in both rows, a total of six numbers. OUTSIDE BETS: Column Bet — place your chip in one of the boxes marked “2 to 1” at the end of the column that covers all 12 numbers in that column. The zero and double zero are not covered by any column bet. Dozen Bet — place your chip in one of the three boxes marked “1st 12,” “2nd 12” or “3rd 12” to cover the 12 numbers alongside the box. Red/Black — place your chip in the Red or Black box to cover the 18 red or 18 black numbers. The zero and double zero are not covered by these bets. Even/Odd — place your chip in one of these boxes to cover the 18 even or 18 odd numbers. The zero and double zero are not covered by these bets. 1–18/19–36 — place your chip in either of these boxes to cover the first or second set of 18 numbers. The zero and double zero are not covered by these bets. Neighbor Bets Click/tap the NEIGHBOR BETS button to view a special oval or racetrack-shaped betting area that allows you to place neighbor bets and other special bets more easily. Re-click/tap the button to close/re-open this feature. Each bet covers a different set of numbers and offers different payout odds. Bet spots will be highlighted. A neighbor bet covers a particular number as well as other numbers that lie in close proximity to it on the Roulette wheel. To place a neighbor bet, click/tap a specific number on the racetrack. A chip will be placed on the chosen number and on numbers that neighbor it to the right and left. Click/tap on the circular “-” or “+” button to increase or decrease the set of neighbors to the right and left of the chosen number. Favorite & Special Bets FAVORITE BETS The optional Favorite Bets feature allows you to save a preferred bet or combination of different types of bets for easier placement in future rounds at any Roulette table. You can save and edit a list of up to 30 of your favorite bets under different names. SAVE A FAVORITE BET To open the Favorite Bets menu, click/tap the FAVORITE BETS button.Re-click/tap the button to close this feature. After you have placed a favorite bet or combination of bets on the Roulette table, click/tap the SAVE LAST BET link in the Favorite Bets menu. A default name for this bet will be suggested, but you are welcome to enter a more easily recognizable name. You can then save and add this bet to your list of favorite bets by clicking/tapping the SAVE button or by pressing “Enter” on your keyboard. PLACE A FAVORITE BET When you wish to place a favorite bet during the betting phase of a Roulette round, open the Favorite Bets menu to view a list of all the bets you previously saved. They will be listed in chronological order; with the favorite bet you saved earliest listed first. You can hover your cursor over the name of any listed bet to see how the chips will be placed on the Roulette table accordingly. Click/tap the name of each desired bet to place it. You can also multiply (double, triple, quadruple…) the amount of any favorite bet you have placed by clicking/tapping its name more than once. RENAME OR DELETE A FAVORITE BET When the Favorite Bets menu is open, you can click/tap the EDIT button to delete or rename any listed bet. Rename any listed bet by first clicking/tapping within the gray text box that surrounds its current name. You can then enter a new name and save it by clicking/tapping the SAVE button, or by pressing “Enter” on your keyboard. Delete any bet you no longer wish to keep in your list of favorite bets by clicking/tapping its respective DELETE button. When you are finished editing your list of favorite bets, click/tap the SAVE button in the top right corner of the Favorite Bets menu or click/tap the FAVORITE BETS button. SPECIAL BETS Under the second tab in Favorite Bets, you can place Finale en Plein and Finale a Cheval bets more easily. Finale en Plein Finale en Plein 0 — 5-chip bet covers 0+00+10+20+30, each with 1 chip Finale en Plein 1 — 4-chip bet covers 1+11+21+31, each with 1 chip Finale en Plein 2 — 4-chip bet covers 2+12+22+32, each with 1 chip Finale en Plein 3 — 4-chip bet covers 3+13+23+33, each with 1 chip Finale en Plein 4 — 4-chip bet covers 4+14+24+34, each with 1 chip Finale en Plein 5 — 4-chip bet covers 5+15+25+35, each with 1 chip Finale en Plein 6 — 4-chip bet covers 6+16+26+36, each with 1 chip Finale en Plein 7 — 3-chip bet covers 7+17+27, each with 1 chip Finale en Plein 8 — 3-chip bet covers 8+18+28, each with 1 chip Finale en Plein 9 — 3-chip bet covers 9+19+29, each with 1 chip Finale a Cheval Finale a Cheval 0/3 — 5-chip bet covers 0+00/3+10/13+20/23+30/33, each with 1 chip Finale a Cheval 1/4 — 4-chip bet covers 1/4+11/14+21/24+31/34, each with 1 chip Finale a Cheval 2/5 — 4-chip bet covers 2/5+12/15+22/25+32/35, each with 1 chip Finale a Cheval 3/6 — 4-chip bet covers 3/6+13/16+23/26+33/36, each with 1 chip Finale a Cheval 4/7 — 4-chip bet covers 4/7+14/17+24/27+34, each with 1 chip Finale a Cheval 5/8 — 4-chip bet covers 5/8+15/18+25/28+35, each with 1 chip Finale a Cheval 6/9 — 4-chip bet covers 6/9+16/19+26/29+36, each with 1 chip Finale a Cheval 7/10 — 3-chip bet covers 7/10+17/20+27/30, each with 1 chip Finale a Cheval 8/11 — 3-chip bet covers 8/11+18/21+28/31, each with 1 chip Finale a Cheval 9/12 — 3-chip bet covers 9/12+19/22+29/32, each with 1 chip Complete Bets A Complete Bet places all of the inside bets on a specific number. For example, a Complete Bet on number 36 will place 18 chips to completely cover it, as follows: 1 chip on the Straight Up 36, 2 chips on each of the Split bets 33/36 and 35/36, 3 chips on the Street bet 34/35/36, 4 chips on 32/33/35/36 the Corner bet and 6 chips on the Line bet 31/32/33/34/35/36. Straight Up Bets Straight Up Bets place all the straight bets of the selected type (Red, Black, Odd, Even, etc.), covering each number with one chip. For example, a Straight Up Bet RED will place 18 chips to cover all the red numbers. Winning Numbers The WINNING NUMBERS display shows the most recent winning numbers. The result of the most recently completed round is listed on the left. Your Recent Results Click/tap the STATISTICS button to view a table of the winning numbers in up to 500 of the most recent game rounds. Use the slider to alter the number of past rounds to apply it. When you hover your cursor over any part of the statistics diagram, the spot on the betting table where a chip would be placed is highlighted. Simply click/tap the bet to place your chip. Payouts Your payout depends on the type of placed bet. INSIDE BETS Bet Type Payout Straight Up 35:1 Split 17:1 Street 11:1 Corner 8:1 Five 6:1 Line 5:1 OUTSIDE BETS Bet Type Payout Column 2:1 Dozen 2:1 Red/Black 1:1 Even/Odd 1:1 1–18/19–36 1:1 Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Return to Player The optimal theoretical Return to Player (RTP) for a Five bet (0-00-1-2-3) is 92.11%. The optimal theoretical RTP for all other bets is 94.74%. Place Bets The BET LIMITS panel shows the minimum and maximum allowed bet limits at the table, which may change from time to time. Open the Bet Limits to check your current limits. BetMGM Roulette Gold ⁦⁦⁦$⁩1⁩ – 10,000⁩ To participate in the game, you must have sufficient funds to cover your bets. You can see your current BALANCE on your screen. BALANCE ⁦⁦$⁩100,000 In the Immersive view, the TIMER informs you of the duration of the betting time. After it expires, betting is closed and no more bets are accepted. In the classic view, the TRAFFIC LIGHTS tell you the current status in the game round by informing you when you can bet (GREEN light), when betting time is nearly over (YELLOW light), and when betting time has expired (RED light). Once you have selected a chip, place your bet by simply clicking/tapping the appropriate bet spot on the game table. Each time you click/tap the bet spot, the amount of your bet increases by the value of the selected chip or up to the maximum limit for the type of bet you have selected. Once you have bet the maximum limit, no additional funds will be accepted for that bet, and a message will appear above your bet to notify you that you have bet the maximum. NOTE: Please do not minimize your browser or open any other tab in your browser while betting time remains, and you have placed bets on the table. Such actions may be interpreted as leaving the game, and your bets will therefore be declined for that particular game round. The DOUBLE (x2) button becomes available after you have placed any bet. Each click/tap doubles all your bets up to the maximum limit. Note that you must have a sufficient account balance to double ALL your placed bets. DOUBLE The REPEAT button allows you to repeat all bets from the previous game round. This button is only available before the first chip is placed. REPEAT The UNDO button removes the last bet you placed. UNDO You can click/tap the UNDO button repeatedly to remove bets, one by one, in the reverse order in which they were placed. You can clear all your bets by holding the UNDO button. The TOTAL BET indicator displays the total amount of all bets placed in the current round. TOTAL BET ⁦⁦$⁩500⁩ Live Support Contact Live Support for game-related inquiries. Disconnection Policy If you are disconnected from a game round, any placed bets remain valid and are settled in your absence. Upon reconnecting, you can view the bet outcomes in the History window. Autoplay Once you have placed a bet, Autoplay allows you to repeat your selected bet or bets for a chosen number of game rounds. To start Autoplay, place your bets and then click/tap the Autoplay button. In the Autoplay panel, you can start Autoplay by selecting the number of rounds you want your bets to be repeated for. Your selected number of Autoplay rounds will be displayed on the Autoplay button. The number of remaining Autoplay rounds will be updated, once Autoplay is started. Autoplay Your total Autoplay bet amount is calculated by multiplying the number of Autoplay rounds with the value of your total bet. It is indicated under each Autoplay rounds card. Your remaining Autoplay limit will also be displayed under each Autoplay rounds card, once Autoplay has started. Your automatic game rounds will continue until either your chosen number of Autoplay rounds are complete, or you choose to stop Autoplay by clicking/tapping STOP. STOP When Autoplay is stopped, you will be able to repeat previously selected bets and rounds by clicking/tapping REPEAT. REPEAT If you place additional bets on the betting grid or double your bets while Autoplay is running, a message will appear that will allow you to choose to continue Autoplay with your changed bets. If you don’t confirm to continue, Autoplay will be stopped. Chat Chat with other players and/or with a game presenter. Tipping Tipping lets you show gratitude to the game presenters for their good service. Game Number Each game round is identified by a unique GAME NUMBER. 21:10:10 This number reflects when the game round began in terms of GMT by hour: minute: second . Please use this game number for the reference (or take a screenshot of the game number) if you wish to contact Customer Service regarding a particular round. Sound Sound controls all sounds in the game. Game History Game History displays your Evolution game rounds and results. Settings Settings let you customize user preferences that are saved to your profile. Responsible Gaming The RESPONSIBLE GAMING button allows you to access the page outlining the Responsible Gaming policy. This page provides useful information and links regarding responsible online gaming behavior and how to set limitations to your game sessions. Error Handling If there is an error in the game, system, or game procedure, the game round will be temporarily paused while the game host notifies the service manager. You and other players will be notified via Chat, or by an on-screen pop-up message, that the issue is being investigated. If the manager can immediately resolve the error, the game round will continue as normal. If immediate resolution is not possible, the game round will be canceled, and the initial bets will be refunded to all the players who participated in the game round. Roulette Valid Spin Rule The winning number is valid only when the spin was deemed valid. To constitute a valid spin the Roulette ball must be spun by the dealer in the direction opposite to the rotation of the wheel and must complete at least 4 full revolutions around the track of the wheel before dropping and coming to rest in a numbered slot on the wheel. An invalid spin will be declared in the following cases: The ball made less than 4 full revolutions. The ball was spun in the same direction as the wheel rotation. The wheel stopped rotating during the spin. The ball came out of the wheel during the spin. A foreign object entered the wheel during the spin. In the case of an invalid spin, the dealer will perform a re-spin. In the case of any irregularities, please provide the Game Number of the round in question to Live Support. More Games Evolution Lobby — easy game selection without exiting your current game until a new game is chosen. LOBBY Multi-Game Play If you enjoy non-stop action, you can join more than one game table — then view and play them simultaneously, all in the same browser window! After you have joined at least one game table, click on LOBBY. In the lobby or game, click the +TABLE button associated with that table to join it. Certain tables may be unavailable for multi-game play and will therefore not display a +TABLE button. TABLE After you have joined multiple tables, you will be able to resize your browser window as a whole, but you will not be able to resize each game table window separately. You can exit any table without affecting your presence at other tables you have joined. To exit a table, click the X button. Please note: You will automatically exit a table if you join the same table through a different device/browser. If you click directly on a table icon instead of the +TABLE button, you will merely switch tables instead of joining the chosen table in addition to the table you joined previously. We kindly advise you to join only as many tables as your screen can accommodate while still allowing you to place bets deliberately and accurately. Shortcut Keys Shortcut keys can be used to quickly perform useful game functions. Key Function Number Keys from 1 onwards Select the desired chip from the chip display. Key “1” corresponds to the leftmost chip with the lowest value. Key “2” selects the next highest value chip, and so on. SPACEBAR Repeat your most recent bet. Press SPACEBAR a second time to double your bet. CTRL+Z (CMD+Z), DELETE, BACKSPACE Undo your last bet. Hold for 3 seconds to remove all your bets. ESC When applicable, the ESC key can be used to: Exit the full-screen mode Close an open pop-up window (History, How To Play, Settings, etc.) Last modification date: 3/18/2026