Jingle Balls Jingle Balls is a video slot with following feature(s): xWays xNudge xSplit Wild Spirit Spins Spirit Spins: All Aboard Spirit Spins: Double Joy Wish Upon A Star A 6reel, up to 5row video slot with 15 symbols. 144 win ways by default (see pay table for more info). The theoretical return to the player for this game is 96.11%. The theoretical return to the player for Wish Upon A Star Booster is 6%. The theoretical return to the player for 3 Scatter Spirit Spins feature buy is 2%. The theoretical return to the player for 4 Scatter Spirit Spins(All Aboard) feature buy is 3%. The theoretical return to the player for 5 Scatter Spirit Spins(Double Joy) feature buy is 4%. The theoretical return to the player for Lucky Draw feature buy is 5%. The theoretical return to the player for Norsk Tipping is 7%. A Wild symbol substitutes for any other symbol except Scatter. A Wild symbol substitutes for the highest possible winning combination according to the pay table. A winning combination of the same symbol pays from leftmost to right on adjacent reels. Coinciding wins on multiple combinations are paid out. Winning combinations and pays are made according to the pay table. Different reel configurations are used, depending on the game mode (main game or any of the bonus modes). Simulated maximum payout is 50000 times the bet (1:10000000000 rounds). When the total win exceeds 50000x, the Spirit spins will end and 50000 times the base bet is awarded. Features and spin results affect each other within a game round. All symbol payout values in pay table are displayed in the same currency as bet placed. A malfunction voids all pays. Malfunction in gaming hardware/software; all affected bets are refunded. Game rounds not finished within 90days will automatically be closed. Any accumulated wins during that game round will be paid out. These rounds cannot be replayed. Autoplay automatically plays the game for selected number of rounds or when any of the advanced autoplay setting criteria are fulfilled. When changing autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect upon completion of the game round or feature. Some autoplay features may be mandatory for some jurisdictions. When playing with Cryptocurrency, unfinished game rounds and states will automatically reset after 24 hours. Any accumulated wins during this round will be paid out. Last modification date: 12/9/2025