Warlocks Introducing the game Warlocks is a 6-reel game with 4096 ways to win, featuring a Stash and Spin with unlimited spins and unlimited multiplier. Bonus Buy Press the Bonus Buy button to access the Bonus Buy menu. You may buy a Stash and Spin Feature for 60 times the Free Spins Stake. The Free Spins Stake can be changed by pressing the plus and minus buttons on the Free Spins Stake display. The Free Spins Stake will apply to each Free Spin. Press the price to buy the bonus for that price. The price will be deducted from your balance. Bonus Buy may be limited or unavailable in your jurisdiction. Power Play Press the Power Play button to toggle Power Play mode. Every Power Play guarantees a Warlock Bonus and costs 8 times stake. Power Play may not be available in your jurisdiction. How to play Select your stake by clicking the left and right arrow buttons on the stake. The stake value is displayed in the stake display. All payouts are multiplied by the stake of each individual spin. Auto play To set up Auto play press the Auto button. This will display Auto play panel which the player can use to modify the number of spins, set a loss limit or set a win limit. When a loss limit has been set the player can select Start to commence auto play. When Auto play is on, the Play button will change to a Stop button. The remaining Auto plays will be displayed in the Stop button. The player can cancel Auto play by clicking the Stop button. Auto play will stop automatically if any of the limits set is reached or anything occurs that requires player intervention. Auto play may not be available in your jurisdiction. Start the spin Press the Play button to start the spin at the stake displayed. The reels will spin and then come to stop, displaying the result. Turbo Turbo mode removes unnecessary delays. Turbo can be switched on and off in the OPTIONS menu. Turbo may be limited or unavailable in your jurisdiction. Symbol Wins A win is matching consecutive symbols, from left to right starting from the leftmost reel. Highest win paid per winning combination. All winning combinations are added together. See PAYS for further information. Reactions All winning symbols, except Orbs, are part of a reaction and are replaced by symbols coming from above. Wild Wild substitutes for all symbols except Orbs. Wild occurs on reels 2, 3, 4, 5, and 6 only. Orbs Orbs reveal a prize amount of up to 100 times stake. Six or more Orbs in any position trigger the Stash and Spin. Orb prizes are awarded during the Stash and Spin only. Warlock Bonuses There are two Warlock Bonuses that can occur in the base game: Fire Warlock Bonus removes all symbols except Orbs on reels 2, 3, 4, 5. Ice Warlock Bonus replaces all instances of a random symbol with Orbs on reels 2, 3, 4, 5. Stash and Spin Every symbol position becomes an individual reel which may reveal additional Orbs with a prize amount of up to 50 times stake. The Fire Warlock can set a position on fire, which stops that position from spinning. The fire spreads outward every spin, and any prize covered by fire is multiplied by the Fire Multiplier. The Ice Warlock tries to put out the fire so that all positions can spin again. The Fire Multiplier begins at x2 and doubles any time the Ice Warlock successfully puts out the fire. The Stash and Spin ends when fire has burnt through all positions. Return to Player (RTP) The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Values are calculated initially by dividing the total payouts by the total bets from a simulation of numerous game rounds. Values reflect the maximum expected RTP and do not change. The RTP is defined at different stages or modes of the game. Overall RTP: 94.45% Bonus Buy RTP: 94.52% Power Play RTP: 94.50% General Information In the event of a non-responsive game or problem during a spin, the game will repeat the incomplete spin and display the result to the player when the game is next launched. Incomplete games will be automatically resolved after 30 minutes. Any winnings resulting from automatic resolve shall be paid to the player's account. System malfunction voids all pays and plays. Additional Information All unfinished game rounds, regardless of whether further player activity is required, shall be auto completed after thirty (30) minutes of inactivity. All winnings and/or loses from the auto completed rounds shall subsequently be deposited or withdrawn, as required, from the player's account. The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the Operator's website. For more information, refer to the Operator's website: The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded.