Temple Quest Spinfinity Introducing the game Temple Quest Spinfinity is a jungle temple themed 4x5 reel slot with Mega Icons. Spinfinity™ A Spinfinity™ game has a Free Spins Feature with uncapped re-triggers that can amount to hundreds and hundreds of Free Spins! How to play Select your stake by clicking the left and right arrow buttons on the stake. The stake value is displayed in the stake display. The game has 40 fixed lines, see PAYS for line layout. The total stake value is displayed in the total stake display. Auto play To set up Auto play press the Auto button. This will display Auto play panel which the player can use to modify the number of spins, set a loss limit or set a win limit. When a loss limit has been set the player can select Start to commence auto play. When Auto play is on, the Play button will change to a Stop button. The remaining Auto plays will be displayed in the Stop button. The player can cancel Auto play by clicking the Stop button. Auto play will stop automatically if any of the limits set is reached or anything occurs that requires player intervention. Auto play may not be available in your jurisdiction. Start the spin Press the Play button to start the spin at the stake displayed. The reels will spin and then come to stop, displaying the result. Bonus Buy Press the Bonus Buy button to access the Bonus Buy menu. You may buy 6 Free Spins for 50 times the Free Spins Stake. When buying the bonus, you may randomly be awarded an additional 3 Free Spins at no extra cost. The Free Spins Stake can be changed by pressing the plus and minus buttons on the Free Spins Stake display. The Free Spins Stake will apply to each Free Spin. Press the price to buy the bonus for that price. The price will be deducted from your balance. Bonus Buy may be limited or unavailable in your jurisdiction. Mega Icons Mega Icons are up to 16 icon positions and can create wins individually or with matching icons. In the base game all Mega Symbols are revealed from the Mystery Symbol. Mega Free Spins Icons When the Mega Free Spins Icon is revealed the Free Spins Feature is triggered. Each icon position occupied by the Mega Free Spins Icon awards a Free Spin. Up to 9 Free Spins can be awarded. Icon Wins Payouts are awarded for matching consecutive icons left to right on a win line starting with the leftmost reel. Highest win paid per win line and all winning combinations are added together. Wild Icon The Wild icon substitutes for all icons except Mega Free Spins Icons. Free Spins Feature During the Free Spins Feature the first reel is populated with regular icons and the 2nd, 3rd, 4th and 5th display 4x4 Mega Icons. Free Spins can be re-triggered by the Mega Free Spins Icons. The stake that was used to trigger the Free Spins will be used for the Free Spins duration. At the end of the Free Spins, the total winnings for the spins will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited into the player's account and regular play then resumes. Return to Player (RTP) The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Values are calculated initially by dividing the total payouts by the total bets from a simulation of numerous game rounds. Values reflect the maximum expected RTP and do not change. The RTP is defined at different stages or modes of the game. Overall RTP: 94.22% Bonus Buy RTP: 94.25% General Information In some jurisdictions and casinos, an award cap might be in place. The total win for any bet cannot be higher than the award cap. To find out if an award cap is in place, check the in-game Help and the casino's terms and conditions. In the event of a non-responsive game or problem during a spin, the game will repeat the incomplete spin and display the result to the player when the game is next launched. Incomplete games will be automatically resolved after 30 minutes. Any winnings resulting from automatic resolve shall be paid to the player's account. System malfunction voids all pays and plays. Volatility index: 7.3 (High). Additional Information All unfinished game rounds, regardless of whether further player activity is required, shall be auto completed after thirty (30) minutes of inactivity. All winnings and/or loses from the auto completed rounds shall subsequently be deposited or withdrawn, as required, from the player's account. The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the Operator's website. For more information, refer to the Operator's website: • The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. • In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. Last modification date: 10/7/2025