First Person Video Poker Game Objective First Person Video Poker is an extremely popular variant of poker among players. The goal is to get the best possible five-card hand at the end of the round. Five initial cards are dealt, and the player can either hold them or replace them with new cards. When the round is over, players’ winnings are paid according to the strength of their hand and the pay table they chose within the game. Game Rules The game is played with one standard 52-card deck, used during the dealing phase, and several standard decks, one per each hand per player in the results phase. The decks used per hand are in random order and made from the cards left in the initial deck after the first five cards are dealt. Each player can play with up to 100 hands, as well as choose their own pay table. By default, players start with zero hands. Game Round Players select their bet amount, pay table, and number of hands, using the +1, +10, MAX and UNDO buttons. The maximum number of hands that can be selected is 100, and the bet amount is applied to each of the hands chosen. The total number of hands and the total bet are displayed on-screen. Example: Player chooses to bet $1 and selects 20 hands. Their total bet amount, then, is $20. The default pay table is “Jacks or Better,” but players can select the pay table of their choice from these five options: Jacks or Better Tens or Better Deuces Wild Bonus Poker Double Double Bonus To start the game, the player must choose at least one hand to play with in order to activate the “DEAL” button. After clicking/tapping “DEAL,” the player receives the first five cards, which are displayed face-up. The bottom-half of the screen shows the five-card hand dealt (called “Main Hand”) while the top-half of the screen shows the virtual hands selected by the player, face-down. Next, the player selects which of the five cards dealt to keep, and which ones to swap. Players may hold between none and five of the five cards dealt. To assist the player in their decision, a line highlights which cards of the Main Hand should be kept, according to the default strategy for the player’s chosen pay tables. The player may follow the suggestion or disregard it. Please note that a pay table’s default strategy is not always the optimal strategy. To hold a card, the player must click/tap it, making the “HOLD” status below it disappear, and the status “HELD” appear on top of the card. The extra hands on the top-half of the screen display the cards the player chose to hold. All cards not marked HELD are replaced with new cards. Each hand has its own, separate deck. If no cards are held or tapped, the default decision is made on behalf of the player after a period of inactivity: If the player has not clicked “DEAL” before the period of inactivity, the game ends with no bets made. If the player has already clicked “DEAL” but did not hold any cards before the period of inactivity, the default strategy of the chosen pay table(s) is automatically triggered. If the player has already clicked “DEAL” and chosen cards to hold, the player’s decision is taken into consideration and the game proceeds accordingly. Default Strategy The default strategy is used to help the player decide which cards to hold. It’s also used in the case of player inactivity. The default strategy depends on the pay table: Jacks or Better Always hold a Straight Flush or higher If you have four cards to a Flush, hold those four If you have any pair or higher, hold those cards If you have four cards to a Straight, hold those four. If two Straights are possible, keep the one with the highest card If you have a Jack or higher, hold your highest card Hold no cards. Tens or Better Always hold a Straight Flush or higher If you have four cards to a Flush, hold those four If you have any pair or higher, hold those cards If you have four cards to a Straight, hold those four. If two Straights are possible, keep the one with the highest card If you have a 10 or higher, hold your highest card Hold no cards. Deuces Wild Hold all cards if you have four deuces* or better If you have three deuces and a 10 or higher, hold those four If you have a Straight Flush or higher, hold those five If you have three deuces, hold them If you have Three of a Kind or higher, hold those cards If you have one deuce, hold it If you have four cards to a Straight or a Flush, hold those four If you have a pair, hold those cards Hold no cards. * Deuce: a card with the rank of 2, also known as a “wild card.” Bonus Poker Always hold a Four of a Kind or better If you have three Aces, hold those three If you have any pair or higher, hold those cards If you have four cards to a Flush, hold those four If you have four cards to a Straight, hold those four. If two Straights are possible, keep the one with the highest card If you have a Jack or higher, hold your highest card Hold no cards. Double Double Bonus Always hold a Straight or Royal Flush Always hold four Aces with a 2, 3 or 4 Kicker If you have four Aces, hold them Always hold four 2s, 3s or 4s with an Ace, 2, 3 or 4 Kicker If you have four 2s, 3s or 4s, hold them If you have four cards to a Flush, hold all cards of that suit If you have any pair or higher, hold those cards If you have four cards to a Straight, hold those four. If two Straights are possible, keep the one with the highest card If you have a Jack or higher, hold your highest card Hold no cards. Wild Cards All 2s (Deuces) in Deuces Wild, regardless of suit, are considered wild cards. Each wild card can represent any single card from the starting 52-card deck. Game Result Once the decision is made, the cards the player chose not to hold are replaced by new ones, forming new five-card hands. Then, they click/tap the button “DRAW.” The result is displayed on-screen, with the player’s winning hands highlighted. The pay table shows how often each hand type was hit, what their payout was, and the player’s total winnings for that round. ⁦⁦$⁩5,341⁩⁦⁦$⁩5,341⁩⁦⁦$⁩5,341⁩ Winning Hands The individual cards are ranked in descending order: Ace (high or low), King, Queen, Jack, 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, and 2. An Ace can be the highest value card in a Straight of A, K, Q, J, 10 or the lowest value card in a Straight of 5, 4, 3, 2, A. Possible hands from the highest payouts to the lowest: Royal Flush is a Straight Flush that contains the Ace, King, Queen, Jack and 10 all in the same suit. Straight Flush is a hand that contains five cards in sequence, all of the same suit, for example: 9, 8, 7, 6 and 5, all Hearts. Four of a Kind is a hand that contains all four cards of one rank plus any other card. For example, four Aces in your hand would be Four of a Kind. Full House is a hand that contains three matching cards of one rank and two matching cards of another rank, for example: three Kings and two 6s. Flush is a hand where all five cards are of the same suit, but not sequential, for example: five cards that are all Clubs. Straight is a hand that contains five cards of sequential rank in at least two different suits, e.g. 9, 8, 7, 6 and 5 in two or more suits. Three of a Kind is a hand that contains three cards of the same rank, plus two cards which are not of this rank or the same as each other. For example, a player having three Kings in their hand would have Three of a Kind. Two Pairs is a hand that contains two cards of the same rank, plus two cards of another rank (that match each other but not the first pair), plus any card not of either rank, for example: two Aces and two Kings. Payouts Each hand pays only for the single highest eligible ranking in the pay table chosen. Example: if the player chooses the Jacks or Better pay table and has a hand with a pair of Aces and a pair of 8s, this combination can be both a Two Pairs and a Jacks or Better. Therefore, the player is paid according to the Two Pairs payout, as Two Pairs outranks Jacks or Better. Jacks or Better Hand Payout Royal Flush 800x Straight Flush 50x Four of a Kind 25x Full House 9x Flush 6x Straight 4x Three of a Kind 3x Two Pairs 2x Jacks or Better* 1x Tens or Better Hand Payout Royal Flush 800x Straight Flush 50x Four of a Kind 20x Full House 6x Flush 5x Straight 4x Three of a Kind 3x Two Pairs 2x Tens or Better* 1x Deuces Wild Hand Payout Natural Royal Flush* 800x Four Deuces* 200x Wild Royal Flush* 25x Five of a Kind* 15x Straight Flush 9x Four of a Kind 4x Full House 4x Flush 3x Straight 2x Three of a Kind 1x Bonus Poker Hand Payout Royal Flush 800x Straight Flush 50x 4 Aces* 80x 4 2s, 3s or 4s* 40x Other Four of a Kind* 25x Full House 8x Flush 5x Straight 4x Three of a Kind 3x Two Pairs 2x Jacks or Better 1x Double Double Bonus Hand Payout Royal Flush 800x Straight Flush 50x 4 Aces, 2/3/4 Kicker* 400x 4 2s/3s/4s, A/2/3/4 Kicker* 160x 4 Aces, 5+ Kicker* 160x 4 2s/3s/4s, 5+ Kicker* 80x Other Four of a Kind 50x Full House 9x Flush 6x Straight 4x Three of a Kind 3x Two Pairs 1x Jacks or Better 1x * Jacks or Better: a hand that contains a pair of Jacks of any suit or a pair of cards of higher value than a Jack (e.g. two Queens) of any suit. Tens or Better: a hand that contains a pair of 10s of any suit, or a pair of cards of higher value (e.g. two Kings) of any suit. Natural Royal Flush: a Royal Straight Flush formed without any wild cards (deuces). Four Deuces: a hand that contains four 2s. Wild Royal Flush: a Royal Flush in which one of the cards has been substituted by a wild card (e.g. the Ace of Spades, King of Spades, Queen of Spades, a deuce as a wild card, and a 10 of Spades). Five of a Kind: a hand in which all five cards are of one rank (e.g. Five 3s), and the number 2 (deuce) card/s can substitute for any other card to form a winning hand. Four Aces, 2/3/4 Kicker is a hand with four Aces and in which the Kicker is either a 2, a 3, or a 4. Four Aces, 5+ Kicker is a hand with four Aces and in which the Kicker is a 5 or a card of higher value. Four 2s, 3s, or 4s: a hand that contains four 2s, or four 3s, or four 4s. Four 2s, 3s, or 4s, A/2/3/4 Kicker is a hand with four 2s, or 3s, or 4s, and in which the Kicker is either a 2, a 3, a 4, or an Ace. Four 2s, 3s, or 4s, 5+ Kicker is a hand with four 2s, or 3s, or 4s, and in which the Kicker is a 5 or a card of higher value. Other Four of a Kind: a Four of a Kind that isn’t Four Aces or Four 2s, 3s, or 4s. The maximum payout depends on the winning hand multipliers in the chosen pay table. Please note that any malfunction voids the game round and all eventual payouts for the round. Bets will be returned. Return to Player The return to player (RTP) percentage varies according to the selected pay table and requires optimal strategy. Pay table RTP Jacks or Better 99.54% Tens or Better 97.96% Deuces Wild 98.91% Bonus Poker 99.17% Double Double Bonus 98.98% Place Bets The BET LIMITS panel shows the minimum and maximum allowed bet limits at the table, which may change from time to time. Open the Bet Limits to check your current limits. First Person Video Poker To participate in the game, you must have sufficient funds to cover your bets. You can see your current BALANCE on your screen. BALANCE ⁦⁦$⁩100,000⁩ To place a bet, select the value of your hands. Click/tap “+” or “-” on the VALUE button to increase or reduce this value. Please note that the selected value will be applied to all your hands. After placing a valid bet, click/tap the “DEAL” button to start the dealing. Click/tap the REBET button to repeat your bet from the previous game round, by adding the same bet amount and number of hands. This button becomes available after every game round. If you change the pay table and then use the REBET button, the pay table will remain set to your current selection. The UNDO button removes the last hand action. You can click/tap the UNDO button repeatedly to remove all added hands, one by one, in the reverse order of which they were added. You can clear all your hands by holding the UNDO button. Players can change the default pay table by clicking/tapping on the CHANGE button next to the pay table title, after which the pay table selection opens up. To choose a pay table, click/tap the SELECT button The TOTAL BET indicator displays the total amount of all bets placed in the current round. TOTAL BET ⁦⁦$⁩500⁩ Live Support Contact Live Support for game-related inquiries. Speed You can change the game speed between rounds. Speed Sound Sound controls all sounds in the game. Game History Game History displays your Evolution game rounds and results. Responsible Gaming The RESPONSIBLE GAMING button allows you to access the page outlining the Responsible Gaming policy. This page provides useful information and links regarding responsible online gaming behavior and how to set limitations to your game sessions. Disconnection Policy Should disconnection occur after a bet is placed but before the DEAL button is clicked/tapped, your bet will be returned after reconnecting. If the connection is lost after the DEAL button is clicked/tapped while deciding, the game will resume after reconnection. If reconnection does not occur within 20 minutes, auto-resolve will be performed and the game will be settled. Please note that even if you are at the table but do not play (place or change your bet and click/tap the DEAL button or make any decision), this will also be considered as a disconnection. More Games Evolution Lobby — easy game selection without exiting your current game until a new game is chosen. Lobby Shortcut Keys Shortcut keys can be used to quickly perform useful game functions. KEY FUNCTION Number Keys from 1 onwards Select the desired chip from the chip display. Key “1” corresponds to the leftmost chip with the lowest value. Key “2” selects the next highest value chip, and so on. SPACEBAR Repeat your most recent bet. Press SPACEBAR a second time to double your bet. CTRL+Z (CMD+Z), DELETE, BACKSPACE Undo your last bet. Hold for 3 seconds to remove all your bets. ESC When applicable, the ESC key can be used to: Exit the full-screen mode Close an open pop-up window (History, How To Play, Settings, etc.) Last modification date: 3/10/2026