East Coast vs West Coast A Wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except Bonus. BONUS Bonus symbols activate the different bonus modes. Two Bonus symbols activate Drive By Respin. Three Bonus symbols award 8 spins with 3 unlocked enhancer positions in East Coast Spins or West Coast Spins - the player may choose which mode to play. Four Bonus symbols award 10 spins with 4 unlocked enhancer positions in East Coast Spins or West Coast Spins - the player may choose which mode to play. Five Bonus symbols award 12 Coast to Coast Spins with all enhancer positions unlocked. During the bonus rounds, Bonus will only land as long as there are locked Enhancer positions. DRIVE BY RESPIN One spin with one enhancer from either West Coast Spins or East Coast Spins. ENHANCERS xWays xWays symbols will transform into any other symbol except Wild and Bonus. It will reveal 2 or 3 symbols of the same kind and expand the reels height. xNudge Wilds A 3-row high Wild symbol that will always move and become fully visible on the entire reel. When a part of the Wild lands on the reels, it will begin to nudge up or down until it is fully visible on the entire reel. For every step the Wild nudges, the win multiplier increases by +1. Several Wild multipliers add to each other for a total Wild multiplier on the win. Multipliers Symbols will be multiplied and create even more ways to win. Several symbol multipliers will multiply each other for an explosive number of win ways. Linked Reels Two or more reels will be linked together. The linked reels will land the same symbols next to each other on all linked reels. Infectious xWays When activated, the revealed xWays symbol will infect all other same symbols on the reel to expand to the same size. EAST COAST SPINS Activated by 3 or 4 Bonus symbols that award 8 or 10 spins. In East Coast Spins it's guaranteed that a Infectious xWays will land on every spin. The top bar will reveal the enhancers during the bonus mode. The left most position(s) in the top bar will be locked in the beginning of the East Coast Spins – landing additional Bonus symbols will award +2 spins and unlock one more position. Unlock all 5 position to turn the mode into Coast to Coast Spins. WEST COAST SPINS Activated by 3 or 4 Bonus symbols that award 8 or 10 spins. Each spin will land one enhancer – xWays, xNudge Wilds, Multipliers or Linked Reels. The top bar will reveal the enhancers during the bonus mode. The right most position(s) in the top bar will be locked in the beginning of the West Coast Spins – landing additional Bonus symbols will award +2 spins and unlock one more position. Unlock all 5 position to turn the mode into Coast to Coast Spins. COAST TO COAST SPINS Activated by 5 Bonus symbols that award 12 spins. In Coast to Coast Spins two enhancers will land simultaneously for really explosive spins! Coast to Coast Spins can be triggered from East Coast Spins and West Coast Spins if all top bar positions is unlocked. Winnings are calculated by multiplying the value of the symbol in paytable and the number of the ways of the winning symbol. Only the highest win per bet way is paid. A winning combination of the same symbol pays from leftmost to right on adjacent reels. A malfunction voids all pays. Game rules East Coast vs West Coast is a video slot with following feature(s): - Enhancers: xNudge Wilds, xWays, Infectious xWays, Multipliers, Linked Reels - Drive by Respin - East Coast Spins - West Coast Spins - Coast to Coast Spins A 5-reel, 3-row video slot with 15 symbols. 243 win ways by default (see pay table for more info). The theoretical return to the player for this game is 96.04%. The theoretical return to the player for East/West Coast Spins feature buy is 96.20%. The theoretical return to the player for Coast to Coast Spins feature buy is 96.89%. Optimal return to player is achieved by choosing West Coast Spins bonus mode. Simulated maximum payout is 30618 times the bet (1:10000000000 rounds). For the Greece jurisdiction the win can not exceed 140000. Features and spin results affect each other within a game round. A Wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except Bonus. A Wild symbol substitutes for the highest possible winning combination according to the pay table. Coinciding wins on multiple combinations are paid out. A winning combination of the same symbol pays from leftmost to right on adjacent reels. Winning combinations and pays are made according to the pay table. Different reel configurations are used, depending on the game mode (main game or any of the bonus modes). All symbol payout values in pay table are displayed in the same currency as bet placed. A malfunction voids all pays and plays. Malfunction in gaming hardware/software; all affected bets are refunded. Game rounds not finished within 90days will automatically be closed. Any accumulated wins during that game round will be paid out. These rounds cannot be replayed. Game rounds with a win that can be gambled with, that is not finished within 24hours will automatically be closed. Any accumulated wins during that game round will be paid out Autoplay automatically plays the game for selected number of rounds or when any of the advanced autoplay setting criterias are fulfilled. When changing autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect upon completion of the game round or feature. Some autoplay features may be mandatory for some jurisdictions. When playing with Cryptocurrency, unfinished game rounds and states will automatically reset after 24 hours. Any accumulated wins during this round will be paid out. Last modification date: 3/5/2025