Gordon Ramsay Hell's Kitchen Gordon Ramsay Hell's Kitchen™ is a 5-reel, 3-row video slot featuring Ramsay’s Wilds feature, Team Challenge Free Spins with Order Up features and Gordon's Bonus Game. The game is played with 20 bet lines (fixed) and different bet values, coin values, and bet levels (only when playing in coins). The game can be played with cash or coins. To switch between cash and coins, go to the Game Settings. Note: Not all betting modes are available in all casinos. BET is the amount of coins or cash to bet. When playing with coins, the bet value is set by clicking the Bet Settings button and selecting the coin value and the bet level. When playing with cash, the bet value is set by clicking the Bet Settings button and selecting the bet. BALANCE displays the amount of cash or coins available to bet. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Symbol payout values shown in the Paytable are dynamic and change in accordance with the selected bet value. A bet line win is equal to the value shown in the Paytable multiplied by any applicable multipliers. Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. Note : The following functions might be unavailable in some casinos: Autoplay, Quick Spin, Quick Stop Wild Symbol and Ramsay’s Wilds Feature Wild symbols can appear anywhere on the reels in the main game and in Team Challenge Free Spins. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except Scatter symbols. Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the Paytable. Ramsay’s Wilds feature can be randomly activated in the main game. In this case, 5 to 7 Wild symbols may randomly appear anywhere on the reels during the game round. When Ramsay’s Wilds feature is activated, Wild symbols cannot land on top of other Wild symbols or Scatter symbols. The wins from the round that activated Ramsay's Wilds feature are evaluated after all Wild symbols land on the reels. Team Challenge Free Spins and the Order Up Feature 3 or 4 Scatter symbols appearing on reels 1, 2, 4, and 5 in the main game activate 10 or 15 Team Challenge Free Spins respectively. In Team Challenge Free Spins, there are two 5-reel, 3-row play areas. These two areas represent a cooking competition between the red and the blue teams. Note: Each play area has 20 bet lines (fixed) that are identical to the bet lines in the main game. Keep in mind that the bet lines of the red team's play area are numbered from 1 to 20 and the bet lines of the blue team's play area are numbered from 21 to 40 in Game History. Before Team Challenge Free Spins start, you are required to choose one of the teams. There are 3 Order Up features in Team Challenge Free Spins: x2 Multiplier: the bet line win is multiplied by 2 x3 Multiplier: the bet line win is multiplied by 3 The Team Wilds feature: 3 to 8 Wild symbols are randomly placed on the reels Note: Ramsay's Wild symbols and Team Wild symbols are called Random Wild symbols when describing symbols position in Game History. Note: Ramsay's Wild symbols and Team Wild symbols are called Random Wild symbols when describing symbols position in Game History. --> 1 to 3 Order Up features are randomly activated during each spin. Each activated Order Up feature is awarded only once per spin. The Order Up features are color-coded red and blue and apply to the red or to the blue team's play areas respectively. If an x2 Multiplier and an x3 Multiplier of the same color are activated during the same spin, the bet line wins of the corresponding team are multiplied by the sum of these Multipliers (x5). The total win of each team is displayed on the counter of the corresponding play area. Team Challenge Free Spins are played at the same bet as the round that activated Team Challenge Free Spins. Additional Team Challenge Free Spins cannot be won during Team Challenge Free Spins. Team Challenge Free Spins end when the Free Spins counter reaches 0. At the end of Team Challenge Free Spins, the team with the biggest total win is declared the winner of the cooking competition. The total win from the Team Challenge Free Spins round equals the sum of the total wins of both teams. At the end of Team Challenge Free Spins, the total win from Team Challenge Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Team Challenge Free Spins. If the team chosen at the beginning of Team Challenge Free Spins loses, the game returns to the round that activated Team Challenge Free Spins. If the team chosen at the beginning of Team Challenge Free Spins wins or the competition ends in a tie, Gordon's Bonus Game is activated. Gordon's Bonus Game Gordon's Bonus Game can be activated only at the end of Team Challenge Free Spins. There are 12 random prizes and 3 X symbols hidden under 15 Menus. Click on the Menus to unlock the prizes. There are 3 types of prizes that can be hidden behind the Menus: Random prizes of 2, 3, or 5 times the bet x2 Multiplier x3 Multiplier If both the x2 Multiplier and the x3 Multiplier are unlocked during Gordon's Bonus Game, their values are added. If no Multipliers are unlocked, the total win from Gordon's Bonus Game is multiplied by x1. Gordon's Bonus Game ends when you unlock 3 X symbols. The total win from Gordon's Bonus Game equals the sum of the prizes multiplied by the total Multiplier unlocked during Gordon's Bonus Game. At the end of Gordon's Bonus Game, the total win from Gordon's Bonus Game is added to any wins from the round that activated Team Challenge Free Spins. At the end of Gordon's Bonus Game, the game returns to the round that activated Team Challenge Free Spins. Main Game Spin Button Click to start a game round at the current bet value. Stop Button Click to stop the game round. Autoplay Click to choose the number of Autoplay rounds and advanced Autoplay settings. Stop Autoplay If Autoplay rounds have been chosen, the remaining number of rounds is displayed on the counter. Click the counter to stop Autoplay. When the Spin button is visible, the counter is displayed on the Spin button. Bet Settings Click to set the bet value or coin value and bet level. Coin Value and Level When playing with coins, use the Coin Value and Level selectors to set the bet value. The text on the selectors is displayed in the current game language. Paytable Click to view winning combinations and payouts. Sound Click to mute the game sound or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Menu Click to access the game settings and game information. Game Settings and Game Information Game Settings Click to view the game settings menu. Spacebar to spin : Turns the spacebar function on or off. Show bet in cash : Switches between bet in cash and bet in coins. Game Rules Click to view the game rules. Game History Click to view your latest game history. The game history is available only when playing for money. Note: The game history might be displayed with a delay. Advanced Autoplay Settings To set advanced Autoplay settings, click on the Autoplay button and choose the number of Autoplay rounds. Then click Advanced Settings to choose one or more stop conditions. To start the Autoplay rounds, click on the Spin button. The text on the button is displayed in the current game language. On any win . Stops Autoplay when you win in a round. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by : Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by : Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all chosen Autoplay stop conditions. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some Autoplay settings are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Note: If the Team Challenge Free Spins are activated during Autoplay, Autoplay stops, and the feature is played manually. Close Click to go back to the main game. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the Casino Operator’s website. For more information, refer to the Casino Operator’s website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. Malfunction voids all pays and plays Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Wild Wild Ramsay's Wilds Ramsay’s Wilds Team Challenge Free Spins Team Challenge Free Spins Free Spins Free Spins Scatter Scatter Order Up Order Up Multiplier Multiplier Team Wilds Team Wilds Gordon's Bonus Game Gordon's Bonus Game Random Wilds Random Wilds Bonus Win Bonus Win Big Win Big Win Mega Win Mega Win Super Mega Win Super Mega Win Last modification date: 5/21/2025