First Person Baccarat Game Objective The objective in First Person Baccarat is to predict whose hand will win by having the value closest to 9. Game Rules First Person Baccarat is played with eight standard 52-card decks. Card values are as follows: Aces are the lowest cards and are worth 1 point each. Cards from 2 to 9 are worth their numerical face values. 10s and face cards (jacks, queens and kings) are each worth 0. Cards are burnt after each shuffle. At the start of a new shoe, one card is drawn face-up from the shoe. The number of cards to be burnt depends on the face value of the first drawn card. In this card burning procedure, 10s and face cards will have a face value of 10 and will result in 10 cards burnt. Cards are burnt by placing them in the burnt card holder. Only the numeric value of each card is relevant in the main Baccarat game; each card's suit (hearts, spades, clubs or diamonds) is irrelevant. Prior to each deal, your bet has to be placed on whether the Player or the Banker will win the round by having the hand with a value closest to 9. You also have the option to bet that the round will end in a Tie, which occurs when both the Player and Banker hold hands of equal value. Two cards are dealt each to the Player and to the Banker. Two hands are dealt in Baccarat: one hand to the Player and one hand to the Banker. If the Player and Banker hold hands of equal value, the round ends in a tie. The Tie bet wins, and bets on the Player and Banker push (are returned). Each hand's value is calculated by dropping the tens digit in a hand otherwise worth 10 or more. For example, a hand consisting of a 7 and a 9 is only worth 6 in Baccarat (because 16-10=6).Similarly, a face card plus a 9 will be worth 9. If the Player or the Banker receives an initial two-card hand worth 8 or a 9 (a "natural" 8 or 9), no additional cards will be dealt to either hand. If the Player and Banker receive initial two-card hands worth 0-7, the "Third Card Rule" is consulted to determine if a third card is to be dealt to either hand or both hands.The Player always goes first. Player's Hand Player's initial two-card hand 0-1-2-3-4-5 Player draws a third card. 6-7 Player stands. 8-9 (a "natural") No third card to either hand. Banker's Hand Banker's initial two-card Value of third card drawn by Player No third card 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 0 D D D D D D D D D D D 1 D D D D D D D D D D D 2 D D D D D D D D D D D 3 D D D D D D D D D S D 4 D S S D D D D D D S S 5 D S S S S D D D D S S 6 S S S S S S S D D S S 7 S S S S S S S S S S S 8 S S S S S S S S S S S 9 S S S S S S S S S S S D - Draw; S - Stand If the Player's hand stands on a 6 or 7, then a Banker hand totalling 3, 4 or 5 must draw, while a Banker hand totalling 6 must stand. Whoever gets the hand closest to a total of 9 wins. First Person Baccarat is played in the Baccarat lounge.Once you have entered the lounge, a multiplay panel opens on your screen. To start playing right away, choose which Baccarat shoe to play at.Switch to No Commission Baccarat at a simple click/tap of a button. Join the table directly by clicking on the table or from the multiplay panel by simply clicking/tapping the join icon on the table you would like to join. Your chosen table will be highlighted. To leave the table, click/tap the leave icon on the table. You can build and observe the trends first and have a number of hands dealt for free. Simply click/tap the “+1” button in the multiplay panel for the free face-down cards to be dealt – either for a particular table or for all tables at once. Or use “+1” button while playing at the table to grow roads for the particular table. After a certain number of hands have been dealt, the maximum bet limit for different side bets may be decreased. Sort the tables easily by the longest streak for your chosen road. After a game round is over or free hands are dealt, the sorting button will be highlighted to notify you that tables can be sorted again. Shuffle the shoe at any time to clear any patterns at your table or at all tables at once in the multiplay panel or while playing at the table. After you have clicked/tapped this button, all the roads will be cleared, and the cards will be shuffled. To get back to game faster, skip the shuffling animation. Simply click/tap the SKIP button. Cut the cards yourself by moving the red cutting card above the deck. To close the multiplay panel, simply click/tap the table button. Click/tap it again to re-open. Click/tap the arrow icon to go back to Baccarat lounge. Side Bets Side Bet Description P Pair Pays if the first two cards dealt to the Player constitute a pair. B Pair Pays if the first two cards dealt to the Banker constitute a pair. Perfect Pair Pays 25:1 if two identical cards (in terms of value and suit) are dealt as the first two cards to either the Banker or the Player. Pays 200:1 if two identical cards (in terms of value and suit) are dealt as the first two cards to both the Banker and the Player. Either Pair Pays if either the Banker or the Player hand is a pair. Super 6* Pays 15:1 if Banker wins with a score of 6. Please place main bet (Player/Banker/Tie) first in order to place the side bet. P Bonus Pays when the Player wins the round on a natural 8 or 9 or by at least four points. B Bonus Pays when the Banker wins the round on a natural 8 or 9 or by at least four points. *This side bet is applicable to No Commission Baccarat. Payouts Your payout depends on the type of bet placed. BET PAYS Player 1:1 Banker *1:1 0.5:1 when Banker wins with 6 Tie 8:1 P Pair 11:1 B Pair 11:1 Perfect Pair One pair: 25:1 Two pairs: 200:1 Either Pair 5:1 Super 6** 15:1 P Bonus/B Bonus Hand Combination Odds Non-Natural hand wins by 9 points, 30:1 Non-Natural hand wins by 8 points, 10:1 Non-Natural hand wins by 7 points, 6:1 Non-Natural hand wins by 6 points, 4:1 Non-Natural hand wins by 5 points, 2:1 Non-Natural hand wins by 4 points, 1:1 Natural win, 1:1 Natural tie, Push Please note that any malfunction voids the game round and all eventual payouts for the round. Bets will be returned. * Payout for Banker bet in No Commission Baccarat ** Applicable to No Commission Baccarat Return to Player The optimal Return to Player (RTP) percentage for First Person Baccarat is 98.76%, based on Player bet for No Commission Baccarat. The following table displays the return-to-player percentage on the different optional side bets. Side Bet Return to Player B Pair 89.64% P Pair 89.64% Perfect Pair 91.95% Either Pair 86.29% Super 6** 86.18% P Bonus 97.35% B Bonus 90.63% ** Applicable to No Commission Baccarat Place Bets The BET LIMITS panel shows the minimum and maximum allowed bet limits at the table, which may change from time to time. Open the Bet Limits to check your current limits. To participate in the game, you must have sufficient funds to cover your bets. You can see your current BALANCE on your screen. The CHIP DISPLAY allows you to select the value of each chip you wish to bet. Only chips of denominations that can be covered by your current balance will be enabled. Once you have selected a chip, place your bet by simply clicking/tapping the appropriate betting spot on the game table. Each time you click/tap the betting spot, the amount of your bet increases by the value of the selected chip or up to the maximum limit for the type of bet you have selected. Once you have bet the maximum limit, no additional funds will be accepted for that bet, and a message will appear above your bet to notify you that you have bet the maximum. After you have placed your bet, click/tap the DEAL button to start the dealing. The DOUBLE (2x) button becomes available after you have placed any bet. Each click/tap doubles all your bets up to the maximum limit. Note that you must have a sufficient account balance to double ALL your placed bets. The REBET button allows you to repeat all your bets from the previous game round. This button becomes available after every game round. The UNDO button removes the last bet you placed. You can click/tap the UNDO button repeatedly to remove bets, one by one, in the reverse order of which they were placed. You can clear all your bets by holding the UNDO button. The TOTAL BET indicator displays the total amount of all bets placed in the current round. Chat You can chat with the Live Support. Use the CHAT button to enlarge or, alternatively, to close the chat window. You can resize and move the chat window anywhere on your screen. Scorecards Baccarat streaks and trends for either the Player or the Banker using a particular shoe are recorded in various scoreboards. These pictorial representations of past round results and other statistics regarding the current shoe may be of help to you in predicting the results of future rounds. The BEAD ROAD and BIG ROAD display the results of each past round, while the Big Eye Road , Small Road and Cockroach Road display patterns derived from the BIG ROAD. Roads and shoe statistics are always cleared when a new shoe is introduced. BEAD ROAD Each cell in the BEAD ROAD represents the result of a past round. The result of the earliest round is recorded in the upper left corner. Read the column downwards all the way to the bottom; then start at the top of the adjacent column to the right and so forth. A solid red cell indicates a Banker win. A solid blue cell represents a Player win. A solid green cell represents a Tie. A red dot in the top left corner of a cell means the Banker had a pair. A blue dot in the bottom right corner of a cell means the Player had a pair. You can change the Bead Road display from English to Simplified Chinese or Score Mode by clicking/tapping it anywhere. BIG ROAD In the BIG ROAD, the result of the earliest round is recorded in the upper left corner. A new column is created each time the Banker’s winning streak changes in favor of the Player, or vice versa. A cell outlined in red indicates a Banker win. A cell outlined in blue indicates a Player win. A Tie is recorded as a green line through the cell for the preceding round. If the first round is a Tie, the green line will appear first, and the red or blue outline will appear around the line once the Player or Banker wins a round. If there are two or more consecutive tie rounds, the number on line will show the number of ties. DERIVED ROADS For the true Baccarat enthusiast, the Big Eye Road, Small Road and Cockroach Road are included to display patterns derived from past results recorded in the BIG ROAD. The Big Eye Road uses outlined circles, the Small Road uses solid circles, and the Cockroach road uses slashes. However, in these derived roads, the colours red and blue do not correspond to Banker and Player wins, and there is no way to discern ties or pairs. In derived roads, red entries are a sign of repetition, whereas blue entries signal a more erratic, "choppy" shoe. The derived roads do not start at the very beginning of the shoe. They start with the hand following the first hand in the second, third and fourth columns of the BIG ROAD. Once a derived road starts, an additional red or blue symbol is added after every round. SHOE STATISTICS The following statistics based on the current shoe are displayed for you: Banker - The number of Banker wins thus far. Player - The number of Player wins thus far. Tie - The number of tie rounds thus far. Banker (Pair): The number of Banker pairs thus far. Player (Pair): The number of Player pairs thus far. ROAD PROBING TABLE The Road PROBING Table displays the icon that will be added to the three derived roads if the next round is won by the Banker or the Player. Click the Banker (B) or Player (P) button to see the icon that will be added in the roads if the next round is won by the Banker or the Player. Sound The SOUND button will mute/unmute all game sounds and voice from the game. Note that if you change tables, the sound will automatically unmute. You can alter your sound settings by clicking/tapping the SETTINGS button. Game History The HISTORY button will launch a window showing all game rounds you have played and the results of those rounds. You can review your past gaming activity by viewing your: ACCOUNT HISTORY – Shows your complete account history as a list of dates, games, bet amounts and payouts. The game round completed most recently appears at the top of the list. GAME HISTORY – Shows your history related to a particular game once you click/tap the game in the GAME column. Deposit and Withdraw The CASHIER button will open the cashier/banking window for deposits and withdrawals. Responsible Gaming The RESPONSIBLE GAMING button allows you to access the page outlining the Responsible Gaming policy. This page provides useful information and links regarding responsible online gaming behaviour and how to set limitations to your game sessions. Disconnection Policy If disconnection occurs after a bet is placed and the DEAL button is clicked/tapped, you will be able to see the game outcome in the History window after reconnecting. More Games The Go Live button can be selected at any time in Baccarat lounge or from any of our First Person Baccarat tables. Clicking/tapping the Go Live button will take you to the Live Baccarat or Live No Commission Baccarat table to immerse yourself in a unique live game experience. By clicking/tapping it in the Baccarat lounge, you will be led to Live Baccarat Lobby. Shortcut Keys Shortcut keys can be used to quickly perform useful game functions. KEY FUNCTION Number Keys from 1 onwards Select the desired chip from the chip display. Key “1” corresponds to the leftmost chip with the lowest value. Key “2” selects the next highest value chip, and so on. SPACEBAR Repeat your most recent bet. Click SPACEBAR a second time to double your bet. CTRL+Z (CMD+Z), DELETE, BACKSPACE Undo your last bet. Hold for 3 seconds to remove all your bets. ESC When applicable, the ESC key can be used to: Exit full-screen mode Close an open pop-up window (History, Help, Settings, etc.) Last modification date: 3/18/2026