White Rabbit 2 White Rabbit 2 Help Introducing the game White Rabbit 2 is a 5 reel Megaways™ game with up to 248832 ways to win, featuring a Hold and Spin with Megapots™. How to play Select your stake by clicking the left and right arrow buttons on the stake. The stake value is displayed in the stake display. All payouts are multiplied by the stake of each individual spin. Auto play To set up Auto play press the Auto button. This will display Auto play panel which the player can use to modify the number of spins, set a loss limit or set a win limit. When a loss limit has been set the player can select Start to commence auto play. When Auto play is on, the Play button will change to a Stop button. The remaining Auto plays will be displayed in the Stop button. The player can cancel Auto play by clicking the Stop button. Auto play will stop automatically if any of the limits set is reached or anything occurs that requires player intervention. Auto play may not be available in your jurisdiction. Start the spin Press the Play button to start the spin at the stake displayed. The reels will spin and then come to stop, displaying the result. Turbo Turbo mode removes unnecessary delays. Turbo can be switched on and off in the OPTIONS menu. Turbo may be limited or unavailable in your jurisdiction. Bonus Buy Press the Bonus Buy button to access the Bonus Buy menu. You may buy 12 Free Spins for 100 times the Free Spins Stake. You may buy a Hold and Spin bonus for 35 times the Free Spins Stake. The Free Spins Stake can be changed by pressing the plus and minus buttons on the Free Spins Stake display. The Free Spins Stake will apply to each Free Spin. Press the price to buy the bonus for that price. The price will be deducted from your balance. Bonus Buy may be limited or unavailable in your jurisdiction. Symbol Wins A win is matching consecutive symbols, regardless of height, from left to right starting from the leftmost reel. Highest win paid per winning combination. All winning combinations are added together. See PAYS for further information. Wild Wild substitutes for all symbols except Coin, Cupcake, and Scatter. Wild occurs on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5 only. Coin Six or more Coins in any position trigger the Hold and Spin. Scatter 3, 4, or 5 Scatter symbols award 12, 16, or 20 Free Spins, respectively. The Scatter does not appear in the Free Spins. Cupcake Symbol Each Cupcake adds an extra symbol to the reel where it appears. Cupcake appears in the Free Spins and the Hold and Spin. The reels can extend up to a maximum of 7 symbols in the base game and 12 symbols in the Free Spins. Megapots™ Mini, Midi, and Mega Megapots are visible above the reels, and contain random prizes which change every spin. Megapots may be awarded during the Hold and Spin only. Mini Megapots can have values from 100 to 300 times stake. Midi Megapots can have values from 1000 to 8888 times stake. Mega Megapots can have values from 20888 to 88888 times stake. Hold and Spin 3 respins are awarded. Every symbol onscreen becomes an individual reel which may reveal additional Coins. All Coins reveal a Bonus Prize, a Character, or a Megapots icon. Every time one or more additional Coins are revealed, the number of remaining respins resets to 3. Every three matching Megapots icons awards the associated Megapots amount. If every position has a Coin, then the Hold and Spin ends, and the total Bonus Prize amount is doubled. Hold and Spin Characters WHITE RABBIT: Multiplies the value of one Bonus Prize up to x10. ALICE: Gains the value of all Bonus Prizes. RED QUEEN: Collects the value of all Bonus Prizes. CHESHIRE CAT: Reveals a prize and adds it to all Bonus Prizes. DODO: Collects the value of all Bonus Prizes on that reel. MAD HATTER: Gains the value of one random Bonus Prize. TWINS: Awards two Bonus Prizes of the same value. Hold and Spin Bonus Prizes The Bonus Prizes that can be revealed during the Hold and Spin depend on the number of symbols in the reel: up to 6 times stake for 2 or 3 symbols, up to 2.75 times stake for 4 or 5 symbols, and up to 1.5 times stake for 6 or more symbols. CHESHIRE CAT reveals up to 5 times stake, regardless of the number of symbols in the reel. TWINS reveals two prizes of up to 20 times stake each, regardless of the number of symbols in the reel. Free Spins The Free Spins start with between 5 and 7 symbols per reel. The number of symbols per reel carries to the next spin. Free Spins are played with Extending Reels which can grow up to a maximum of 12 symbols per reel. When a reel reaches the maximum of 12 symbols, between 3 and 12 additional Free Spins are awarded. Up to five retriggers can be awarded. The stake that was used to trigger the Free Spins will be used for the Free Spins duration. At the end of the Free Spins, the total winnings for the spins will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited into the player's account and regular play then resumes. Return to Player (RTP) The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Values are calculated initially by dividing the total payouts by the total bets from a simulation of numerous game rounds. Values reflect the maximum expected RTP and do not change. The RTP is defined at different stages or modes of the game. Overall RTP: 94.15% Bonus Buy RTP: 94.20% General Information In the event of a non-responsive game or problem during a spin, the game will repeat the incomplete spin and display the result to the player when the game is next launched. Incomplete games will be automatically resolved after 30 minutes. Any winnings resulting from automatic resolve shall be paid to the player's account. System malfunction voids all pays and plays. Additional Information All unfinished game rounds, regardless of whether further player activity is required, shall be auto completed after thirty (30) minutes of inactivity. All winnings and/or loses from the auto completed rounds shall subsequently be deposited or withdrawn, as required, from the player's account. The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the Operator's website. For more information, refer to the Operator's website: • The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. • In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 2/17/2026