Race Track Game Objective Race Track is a thrilling, fast-paced game with very quick and easy rounds. Choose the horse that you believe has the winning spirit, place the bet, and feel the rush as you wait to see if your racer will cross the finish line first. You can play it safe by betting on horses with a higher chance of winning, or strive for bigger payouts by betting on horses which are less likely to win. Can't decide? See Tipster's Choice and explore the options. After all, the stakes are high in Race Track! Game Rules The aim of the game is to guess the winning horse by placing a bet on it. Each of the six bet spots represents a horse participating in a race, where only one horse wins. Horses are assigned to lanes in descending order of strength (one horse per lane), with the strongest horse in lane one and the weakest in lane six. There are 50 horses* in total, and every race features a lineup of six randomly chosen horses. In every race, there are a couple of strong horses (with a high chance of winning), some average ones (with a medium chance of winning) and some underdogs (with a low chance of winning). Please note that the winning odds and payouts for bet spots change from race to race. *Disclaimer: The names of the horses in Race Track are fictional, and any resemblance to real-life horses is purely coincidental. Betting Phase Place your bet on one or multiple horses (betting on all horses is allowed). During the betting phase, switching between All Horses and Tipster's Choice can help with your decision. All Horses mode shows how the horses have performed in the last 100 races compared to their theoretical winning probabilities. Tipster's Choice mode emphasizes the horse(s) that have historically performed better than the others. The Race Once you have placed your bets and the betting time is over, the race starts, and the winning horse is randomly determined based on its probability of winning. Game Results Your winnings for each game are calculated based on the winning horse's payout. The bets on the rest of the horses are lost. Payouts Each horse has a different payout. Your payout depends on the winning horse’s payout. BET PAYS Moon 1:1 Bonbon 1:1 Aurora 1:1 Petal 1:1 Cream 1:1 Peach 2:1 Honey 2:1 Odd 2:1 Flower 2:1 Rudolf 2:1 Pancake 2:1 Lover 2:1 Even 2:1 Lightning 3:1 The Beeb 3:1 Starburst 4:1 Lion 4:1 Storm 5:1 Crazy 5:1 Fast Ed 6:1 Funky 6:1 Gonzo 7:1 Finn 8:1 Time 8:1 Godzilla 9:1 Big Red 11:1 Lil Blue 11:1 The Dog 13:1 Sundance 14:1 Frost 15:1 Penny 15:1 Quest 17:1 Odd Shoe 19:1 River 20:1 Drift 23:1 Rewind 26:1 Baccarat 27:1 Banker 29:1 Player 34:1 Phoenix 35:1 Cascade 39:1 Max Run 41:1 Fireball 44:1 Hot Spot 53:1 Cavalry 55:1 Radiant 59:1 Reckless 69:1 Cash Hunt 71:1 Blaze 83:1 Moon Shot 89:1 Please note that any malfunction voids the game round and all eventual payouts for the round. Bets will be returned. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Place Bets The BET LIMITS panel shows the minimum and maximum allowed bet limits at the table, which may change from time to time. Open the Bet Limits to check your current limits. Race Track To participate in the game, you must have sufficient funds to cover your bets. You can see your current BALANCE on your screen. The TIMER informs you of the duration of betting time. After it expires, the betting is closed, and no more bets are accepted. PLACE YOUR BETS The CHIP DISPLAY allows you to select the value of each chip you wish to bet. Only chips of denominations that can be covered by your current balance will be enabled. Once you have selected a chip, place your bet by simply clicking/tapping the appropriate bet spot on the game table. Each time you click/tap the bet spot, the amount of your bet increases by the value of the selected chip or up to the maximum limit for the type of bet you have selected. Once you have bet the maximum limit, no additional funds will be accepted for that bet, and a message will appear above your bet to notify you that you have bet the maximum. NOTE: Please do not minimize your browser or open any other tab in your browser while betting time remains, and you have placed bets on the table. Such actions may be interpreted as leaving the game, and your bets will therefore be declined for that particular game round. The REPEAT button allows you to repeat all bets from the previous game round. This button is only available before the first chip is placed. The DOUBLE (x2) button becomes available after you have placed any bet. Each click/tap doubles all your bets up to the maximum limit. Note that you must have a sufficient account balance to double ALL your placed bets. The UNDO button removes the last bet you placed. You can click/tap the UNDO button repeatedly to remove bets, one by one, in the reverse order in which they were placed. You can clear all your bets by holding the UNDO button. The TOTAL BET indicator displays the total amount of all bets placed in the current round. Bet Statistics Players have access to statistics including the total wager placed on a particular bet spot, and the number of players who have placed their bets on a particular bet spot. You can choose to hide these statistics under Game Settings. Live Support Contact Live Support for game-related inquiries. Chat Chat with other players and/or with a game presenter. Game Number Each game round is identified by a unique GAME NUMBER. 21:10:10 This number reflects when the game round began in terms of GMT by hour: minute: second . Please use this game number for the reference (or take a screenshot of the game number) if you wish to contact Customer Service regarding a particular round. Sound Sound controls all sounds in the game. Game History Game History displays your Evolution game rounds and results. Settings Settings let you customize user preferences that are saved to your profile. Responsible Gaming The RESPONSIBLE GAMING button allows you to access the page outlining the Responsible Gaming policy. This page provides useful information and links regarding responsible online gaming behavior and how to set limitations to your game sessions. Error Handling If there is an error in the game, system, or game procedure, the game round will be temporarily paused while the game host notifies the service manager. You and other players will be notified via Chat, or by an on-screen pop-up message, that the issue is being investigated. If the manager can immediately resolve the error, the game round will continue as normal. If immediate resolution is not possible, the game round will be canceled, and the initial bets will be refunded to all the players who participated in the game round. Disconnection Policy If you are disconnected from a game round, any placed bets remain valid and are settled in your absence. Upon reconnecting, you can view the bet outcomes in the History window. Automated Chat Moderation Players' messages in Chat are subject to automated decision-making. In cases of misuse, such as the abuse of the game host or other players or inappropriate and/or offensive language, the player will be issued a warning. If the warning is disregarded, chat privileges will be disabled. If you disagree with any automated decision, we encourage you to contact your Casino support for further assistance. More Games Evolution Lobby — easy game selection without exiting your current game until a new game is chosen. Multi-Game Play If you enjoy non-stop action, you can join more than one game table — then view and play them simultaneously, all in the same browser window! After you have joined at least one game table, click on LOBBY. In the lobby or game, click the +TABLE button associated with that table to join it. Certain tables may be unavailable for multi-game play and will therefore not display a +TABLE button. TABLE After you have joined multiple tables, you will be able to resize your browser window as a whole, but you will not be able to resize each game table window separately. You can exit any table without affecting your presence at other tables you have joined. To exit a table, click the X button. Please note: You will automatically exit a table if you join the same table through a different device/browser. If you click directly on a table icon instead of the +TABLE button, you will merely switch tables instead of joining the chosen table in addition to the table you joined previously. We kindly advise you to join only as many tables as your screen can accommodate while still allowing you to place bets deliberately and accurately. Shortcut Keys Shortcut keys can be used to quickly perform useful game functions. KEY FUNCTION Number Keys from 1 onwards Select the desired chip from the chip display. Key “1” corresponds to the leftmost chip with the lowest value. Key “2” selects the next highest value chip, and so on. SPACEBAR Repeat your most recent bet. Press SPACEBAR a second time to double your bet. CTRL+Z (CMD+Z), DELETE, BACKSPACE Undo your last bet. Hold for 3 seconds to remove all your bets. ESC When applicable, the ESC key can be used to: Exit the full-screen mode Close an open pop-up window (History, How To Play, Settings, etc.) Last modification date: 3/9/2026