Jumanji Game Overview Jumanji® is a 5-reel video slot game with 4 random features, a Board Game with 4 different Free Spins, a Mystery Feature, coins wins, and extra dice rolls. The 5 reels are in a geometric form where the reels are 3, 4, 5, 4, 3 symbols high from left to right. The game is played with 36 bet lines (fixed), 1-10 bet levels (10 coins per level), and different coin values. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins available to wager. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. The Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except the Scatter symbol. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. MAX BET plays the game at the highest bet level and the current coin value. When playing at any lower bet level, MAX BET must be clicked twice to play the round at the selected level. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown in the Paytable multiplied by the bet level. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. Each feature in Jumanji® is played at the same bet level and coin value as the spin that activated the feature. Note: Only one feature can be activated per spin. Main Game Features The random features can be activated during the main game only: Sticky Vines Monsoon Wilds Monkey Mayhem Wild Stampede Each random feature takes place within a single spin. Sticky Vines If there are wins on at least 2 bet lines and on at most 9 in total, and the other features have not been activated, then it is possible for the Sticky Vines feature to be activated. If the Sticky Vines feature is activated, re-spins are awarded which increase the win. During the Sticky Vines feature, all symbols that are a part of a win and all Wilds from the initial spin (even if they are not part of a win) stick to the reels, and all other symbols spin again. The symbols spin independently but simultaneously on the reels. Re-spins are awarded until no new winning symbols stick, or until the whole game area is filled. When the Sticky Vines feature ends, the wins will be evaluated and awarded according to the Paytable. Monsoon Wilds If the Monsoon Wilds feature is randomly activated in the main game, one or two reels will be completely covered in Wilds while the reels spin. Once the reels have stopped, any wins are evaluated and awarded according to the Paytable. It is not possible to have only the fifth reel covered in Wilds. Monkey Mayhem If the Monkey Mayhem feature is randomly activated in the main game, any potential wins are awarded once the reels have stopped. Then, all symbols are shuffled randomly to create a guaranteed win, which is then evaluated and awarded according to the Paytable. Wild Stampede If the Wild Stampede feature is activated, rhinos will stampede across the screen while the reels spin, adding 4-9 Wilds. Once the reels have stopped, any wins are evaluated and awarded according to the Paytable. Board Game 3 or more Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on the reels in the main game activate the bonus Board Game. There are no Scatter symbols in the Board Game. The Jumanji® circle in the center of the screen reveals information about wins and features when needed. The tokens are purely cosmetic and have no effect on the outcome of the Board Game. The player moves the token on the board by rolling the two six-sided dice. The odds for dice rolls are true. The number of dice rolls given for the Board Game is determined by the number of Scatter symbols landed: 3 Scatter symbols = 6 dice rolls 4 Scatter symbols = 7 dice rolls 5 Scatter symbols = 8 dice rolls The various features and prizes in the Board Game are: Vines Free Spins Monsoon Free Spins Monkey Free Spins Stampede Free Spins Mystery Feature Coin Wins Extra Rolls Each Free Spin feature is located at each corner of the board game. When the token lands on one of the two locations in front of a feature, that feature will be activated. Note: Each Free Spin feature can be activated only once during a Board Game session. After a Free Spin feature has been activated, the corresponding locations will instead give an extra dice roll, if landed on. At the end of the Board Game, the total win is added to any wins from the round that activated the Board Game. Note: If the Board Game is activated during Autoplay, Autoplay will automatically stop. At the end of the Board Game, the game returns to the round that activated the Board Game and Autoplay is no longer activated. Vines Free Spins When the Vines Free Spins feature is activated, 10 Free Spins are awarded. In Vines Free Spins, re-spins will always be activated if a win is present after the initial spin. One Free Spin can have multiple re-spins, which work the same way as the Sticky Vines feature. Vines grab hold onto Wilds and keep them held for the duration of the whole Vines Free Spins feature, whether they are part of a win or not. Monsoon Free Spins When the Monsoon Free Spins feature is activated, 7 Free Spins are awarded. The same rules apply in Monsoon Free Spins as in Monsoon Wilds, with the exception that the same covered reels cannot be chosen for two consecutive Free Spins. Monkey Free Spins When the Monkey Free Spins feature is activated, 6 Free Spins are awarded. In Monkey Free Spins, each Free Spin contains the same shuffle mechanics as in the Monkey Mayhem feature. Stampede Free Spins When the Stampede Free Spins feature is activated, 5 Free Spins are awarded. In Stampede Free Spins, each Free Spin contains the same mechanics as in the Wild Stampede feature. Mystery Feature When the token lands on the Mystery Feature location, the Mystery Feature is awarded. A carousel of Free Spin features, coin wins (x2 - x10 bet), and 2 extra dice rolls appears within the Jumanji® circle. The player is awarded with the one that the carousel stops on. If it is a Free Spin feature, the token moves to the corresponding location. Note that since each Free Spin feature can be activated only once within a Board Game session, those previously won will not be a part of the Mystery Feature carousel. Coin Wins When the token lands on the Coin Win location, a coin win is awarded. The coin wins on the board range from x1 to x5 bet. The coin win amount is equal to the current bet multiplied by the number indicated on the location. Extra Rolls When the token lands on the Extra Roll location, an extra dice roll is awarded. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value. Click on the dice to roll them in the Board Game. Alternatively, click on the ROLL button. Click to view the Paytable. Click to view the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to view the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or view the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick Spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Intro movie . Turns the intro movie on or off. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stops Autoplay when you win in a round. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay settings. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some autoplay options are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Malfunction voids all pays and plays Last modification date: 5/14/2025