Fizzy Pennyslot Introducing the game Fizzy Pennyslot is a 4 line slot with a Bonus Reel that delivers multipliers of up to x200 in the base game and up to x500 in the Free Spins. How to play Select your stake by clicking the left and right arrow buttons on the stake. The stake value is displayed in the stake display. All payouts are multiplied by the stake of each individual spin. The game has 4 fixed lines, see PAYS for line layout. Auto play To set up Auto play press the Auto button. This will display Auto play panel which the player can use to modify the number of spins, set a loss limit or set a win limit. When a loss limit has been set the player can select Start to commence auto play. When Auto play is on, the Play button will change to a Stop button. The remaining Auto plays will be displayed in the Stop button. The player can cancel Auto play by clicking the Stop button. Auto play will stop automatically if any of the limits set is reached or anything occurs that requires player intervention. Auto play may not be available in your jurisdiction. Start the spin Press the Play button to start the spin at the stake displayed. The reels will spin and then come to stop, displaying the result. Bonus Buy Press the Bonus Buy button to access the Bonus Buy menu. You may buy 6 Free Spins for 65 times the Free Spins Stake. The Free Spins Stake can be changed by pressing the plus and minus buttons on the Free Spins Stake display. The Free Spins Stake will apply to each Free Spin. Press the price to buy the bonus for that price. The price will be deducted from your balance. Bonus Buy may be limited or unavailable in your jurisdiction. Win Exchange™ Whenever you win 65 times stake or more, you have the option to exchange 65 times your stake for 6 Free Spins. Press COLLECT to keep your win without performing an exchange. Press EXCHANGE to exchange 65 times your stake for 6 Free Spins. Whenever you win between 20 and 65 times stake, you have the option to exchange the entire win for the chance to be awarded 6 Free Spins. The chance of winning the gamble is shown in green on a wheel. Press COLLECT to keep your win without performing a gamble. Press GAMBLE to exchange your win and spin the wheel for a chance to be awarded 6 Free Spins. If the gamble is successful then 6 Free Spins are awarded. An unsuccessful gamble results in no Free Spins being awarded. Win Exchange is not offered if the Free Spins have been triggered. Symbol Wins Payouts are awarded for matching consecutive symbols from left to right on a line starting from the leftmost reel. Only highest win paid per line. Payouts are multiplied by stake. All winning combinations are added together. See PAYS for further information. Wild Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except Trigger Coin. Bonus Reel If the Bonus Reel reveals a multiplier, any win on the adjacent line will be multiplied by the displayed multiplier. If a Trigger Coin occurs anywhere in the Bonus Reel in the base game, 6 Free Spins are awarded. Free Spins Every Free Spin, the lowest multiplier on the Bonus Reel upgrades to be a higher multiplier, up to the maximum multiplier of x500. If a Trigger Coin occurs anywhere in the Bonus Reel in the Free Spins, an additional Free Spin is awarded. The stake that was used to trigger the Free Spins will be used for the Free Spins duration. At the end of the Free Spins, the total winnings for the spins will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited into the player's account and regular play then resumes. Return to Player (RTP) The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Values are calculated initially by dividing the total payouts by the total bets from a simulation of numerous game rounds. Values reflect the maximum expected RTP and do not change. The RTP is defined at different stages or modes of the game. Overall RTP: 94.41% Bonus Buy RTP: 94.41% General Information In the event of a non-responsive game or problem during a spin, the game will repeat the incomplete spin and display the result to the player when the game is next launched. Incomplete games will be automatically resolved after 30 minutes. Any winnings resulting from automatic resolve shall be paid to the player's account. System malfunction voids all pays and plays. Additional Information All unfinished game rounds, regardless of whether further player activity is required, shall be auto completed after thirty (30) minutes of inactivity. All winnings and/or loses from the auto completed rounds shall subsequently be deposited or withdrawn, as required, from the player's account. The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the Operator's website. For more information, refer to the Operator's website: The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 7/24/2025