Infinite Fun Fun 21 Blackjack Game objective In Infinite Fun Fun 21 Blackjack , the aim is to achieve a higher card count than the dealer, but without going over 21. The best initial hand is Blackjack — when the sum of the values of the first two cards dealt is precisely 21. You compete only against the dealer, not against other players. The dealer always stands on hard 17 and hits on soft 17. Dealer checks for Blackjack on Ace and J-Q-K. Double on any number of cards. Split initial cards of equal value. Only one Split per hand. A single card is dealt to each Split Ace. Double after Split is allowed. Insurance is offered when the dealer shows an Ace. Blackjack pays 3 to 2. Insurance pays 2 to 1. Push game when hands tie, except for score 21, when the player wins. Extra payouts – Bonus 21 and Super Bonus 21. Game rules The game is hosted by a dealer and an unlimited number of players is allowed to play in each game round. The game is played with eight standard 52-card decks, without the 10s. Card values in Blackjack are as follows: Cards from 2 to 9 are worth their face value. Face cards (Jacks, Queens and Kings) are each worth 10. Aces are worth 1 or 11, whichever is more favorable to the hand. The soft hand includes an Ace worth 11. After the allotted betting time has expired, the dealer deals one card face up to all players, ending with the dealer. The dealer then deals a second card face up to all the players, but the dealer’s second card is dealt face down. The value of your initial hand is displayed next to your cards. Blackjack If the value of your initial two-card hand is exactly 21, you have Blackjack! Insurance If the dealer’s upcard is an Ace, you can purchase insurance to offset the risk that the dealer has Blackjack — even when you have Blackjack yourself. The amount of insurance is equal to one half of your main bet, and the insurance bet is settled separately from the bet on your hand. The dealer then peeks at the value of their downcard to check for Blackjack. If the dealer does not have Blackjack, the round continues. If the dealer has Blackjack, but you do not, the game ends and the dealer’s hand wins. If you and the dealer both have Blackjack, you win. The dealer checks for Blackjack on J-Q-K. If the dealer’s upcard is a face card, the dealer looks at the value of their downcard to check for Blackjack. If the dealer does not have Blackjack, the round continues. If the dealer has Blackjack, but you do not, the game ends and the dealer’s hand wins. If you and the dealer both have Blackjack, you win. Cash Out After the cards are dealt and if the dealer does not have Blackjack, you have a decision to make. One of the decisions presented to you is to cash out: if you decide to cash out, the game for that hand will end, and you will receive back the value shown to you in the Cash Out decision button. The Cash Out payout ratio changes based on your total score for the hand and the dealer face-up card. The Cash out rule applies only to your main bet. You can control the visibility of this option in your decision panel in Settings. The Cash Out payout ratio will range between 0.41% to 4.43% of your main bet – depending on the total of the players hand vs. the total of the dealer’s hand - at the time of the Cash Out. Double, Hit, or Stand If the dealer does not have Blackjack upon checking their two initial cards, players are given a chance to improve the values of their hands in turn, by the dealer offering to deal further cards to players' hands. If the value of your initial hand is not 21, you can decide to Hit to be dealt an additional card to add to the value of your hand. You can Hit more than once to receive additional cards before you decide to Stand once you are satisfied with the value of your hand. However, you cannot Hit if your hard total is 17 or above unless you have the possibility to achieve a Bonus 21. At any point, you can decide to Double. In this case, you will double your bet and be dealt only one additional card to add to your hand. Please note that the player will not be offered a decision option when their soft hand score equals 21. Split If your initial hand is a pair of cards of equal value, you can decide to Split the pair to make two separate hands, each with a separate bet equal to your main bet. After a second card is dealt to both your hands, you can improve the value of these two hands by deciding to Hit or Double. Again, you can choose to Stand once you are satisfied with the value of your two hands. However, if you Split an initial pair of Aces, you will receive only one additional card per hand with no option to Hit or Double. Outcome If the sum of your hand exceeds 21, you bust and lose your bet on that hand. When all players have taken turns, the dealer reveals the value of their downcard. The dealer must Stand on hard 17 and Hit on soft 17. Remember that a “soft hand” includes an Ace worth 11. You win when the value of your final hand is closer to 21 than the dealer’s hand or when the dealer busts. If the value of your hand is the same as the dealer’s, the game round ends in a push, and your bet is returned (the exception is a tie with a score of 21, in which case you win). When you reach the total hand score of 21, outside of initial hands (Blackjack), you are eligible for a Bonus 21 or Super Bonus 21 payout depending on the combination of cards. Blackjack is only possible using the two cards in the initial two-card deal. A hand of 21 resulting from a split pair is not considered a Blackjack. Therefore, Blackjack beats any hand of 21 resulting from a split pair. Side Bets This Blackjack game includes optional side bets — Match, 21+3, Hot 3, Bust-O-Rama . You may place side bets in combination with your main Blackjack bet. You have the chance to win on any side bet, whether you later win or lose on your Blackjack bet. Match The Match side bet allows you to compare your first two cards with the dealer’s upcard. There are several combinations for the Match side bet, each with a different payoutNon-Suited Match, for example: 9 of Clubs for the player and 9 of Hearts for the dealer. Double Non-Suited Match, for example: 9 of Clubs and 9 of Diamonds for the player and 9 of Hearts for the dealer. Suited Match, for example: 9 of Clubs for the player and 9 of Clubs for the dealer. Suited + Non-Suited Match, for example: 9 of Clubs and 9 of Diamonds for the player and 9 of Clubs for the dealer. Double Suited Match, for example: 2x 9 of Clubs for the player and 9 of Clubs for the dealer. 21+3 The 21+3 side bet gives you the chance to win if your first two cards plus the dealer’s up card comprise any of the following winning combinations (similar to those in poker), each with a different payout Suited Trips — an identical triplet, e.g. 3x Queens of Hearts Straight Flush — in numerical sequence and same suit, e.g. 7, 8, and 9 of Diamonds Three of a Kind — same value but different suits, e.g. any three non-matching Kings. Straight — in numerical sequence but different suits, e.g. 2 of Spades + 3 of Clubs + 4 of Hearts. Flush — non-sequential cards in the same suit, e.g. 2, 6 and 9 of Clubs. Hot 3 The Hot 3 side bet allows you to bet on the combination of three cards, comprising your two first cards and the one open card on the dealer’s hand. There are several combinations for the Hot 3 side bet, each with a different payout: Total 19, for example: 8 of Hearts, 2 of Diamonds and 9 of Spades. Total 20, for example: 8 of Hearts, 3 of Diamonds and 9 of Spades. Total 21, suited, for example: 8 of Diamonds, 4 of Diamonds, and 9 of Diamonds. Total 21, unsuited, for example: 8 of Hearts, 4 of Diamonds and 9 of Spades. 7-7-7, for example: 7 of Hearts, 7 of Clubs, and 7 of Diamonds. Bust-O-Rama The Bust-O-Rama side bet allows you to bet that the total value of the dealer’s cards will exceed 21, i.e. they will bust. The Bust-O-Rama side bet is pushed if the player has Blackjack. There are several combinations for the Bust-O-Rama side bet, each with a different payout: Bust with 3 cards. Bust with 4 cards. Bust with 5 cards. Bust with 6 cards. Bust with 7 cards. Bust with 8 cards or more. Blackjack pays 3:2. A winning hand pays 1:1. If the dealer has Blackjack, insurance pays 2:1. Cash out pays 0.41–4.43x. Bonus 21 and Super Bonus 21 payouts When you reach the total hand score of 21, but it is not Blackjack (using more than your two initial cards), you are eligible for a Bonus 21 payout depending on the combination of cards. There are multiple combinations for Bonus 21: Five-card-hand 21, for example: 5-5-3-7-A. Six-card-hand 21, for example: 5-5-2-2-6-A. Seven-card-hand 21, for example: 5-4-2-2-6-A-A. 7-7-7 mixed suits, for example: 7 of Spades, 7 of Hearts and 7 of Diamonds. 7-7-7 same suits (except Spades), for example: 3x 7 of Hearts. 7-7-7 Spades: 3x 7 of Spades. 6-7-8 mixed suits, for example: 6 of Spades, 7 of Hearts and 8 of Diamonds. 6-7-8 same suits (except Spades), for example: 6 of Hearts, 7 of Hearts and 8 of Hearts. 6-7-8 Spades, for example: 6 of Spades, 7 of Spades and 8 of Spades. Note that Bonus 21 payouts apply even if the hand resulted from a Split. However, the decision to Double Down negates these bonuses. When you get a non-Blackjack 21 with a card combination of 7-7-7, and the dealer's upcard is also a 7, you are eligible for the Super Bonus 21 . Note that the decision to Split or Double Down negates the bonus of Super Bonus 21. Your payout depends on the type of bet placed. The optimal theoretical payout percentage is:: Blackjack — 99.37%* 21+3 bet — 97.53% Hot 3 bet — 97.14% Bust-O-Rama bet — 98.15% Match — 97.01% *based on the first hand from the shoe The theoretical payout percentage for always taking the early cash out offer is 96.80%. Place Bets The BET LIMITS panel shows the minimum and maximum allowed bet limits at the table, which may change from time to time. Open the Bet Limits to check your current limits. To participate in the game, you must have sufficient funds to cover your bets. You can see your current BALANCE on your screen. In the Immersive view, the TIMER informs you of the duration of the betting time. After it expires, betting is closed and no more bets are accepted. In the classic view, the TRAFFIC LIGHTS tell you the current status in the game round by informing you when you can bet (GREEN light), when betting time is nearly over (YELLOW light), and when betting time has expired (RED light). The CHIP DISPLAY allows you to select the value of each chip you wish to bet. Only chips of denominations that can be covered by your current balance will be enabled. Once you have selected a chip, place your bet by simply clicking/tapping the appropriate bet spot on the game table. Each time you click/tap the bet spot, the amount of your bet increases by the value of the selected chip or up to the maximum limit for the type of bet you have selected. Once you have bet the maximum limit, no additional funds will be accepted for that bet, and a message will appear above your bet to notify you that you have bet the maximum. NOTE: Please do not minimize your browser or open any other tab in your browser while betting time remains, and you have placed bets on the table. Such actions may be interpreted as leaving the game, and your bets will therefore be declined for that particular game round. The REPEAT button allows you to repeat all bets from the previous game round. This button is only available before the first chip is placed. ALL SIDE BETS Each click/tap on the button places the bet with a selected chip amount on each of the side bets. The UNDO button removes the last bet you placed. You can click/tap the UNDO button repeatedly to remove bets, one by one, in the reverse order in which they were placed. You can clear all your bets by holding the UNDO button. The TOTAL BET indicator displays the total amount of all bets placed in the current round. Live Support Contact Live Support for game-related inquiries. Make a Decision As soon as you receive your first two cards, you can make an initial decision regarding your hand. The decision options (e.g. Hit, Stand, Double, Split, Cash Out) will be displayed, and only those options currently available to you will be enabled. Each decision option reflects real-time statistics — the decision other players made when being in your exact situation and facing the same decision choice. The decision options are represented as follows: HIT: an additional card is drawn. STAND: no additional cards are drawn. DOUBLE: your bet is doubled and only one additional card is drawn. SPLIT: your bet is doubled, and your cards are split into two inidual hands. CASH OUT: the round is finished for your hand and you will receive back the amount displayed on the Cash Out button. The amount you receive back with Cash Out depends on the value of your hand and the dealer's face-up card and will only apply to the main bet The early Cash Out option will not be available if you decide to double, or if you bust, or if the value of your hand is 21 or a Blackjack. If you do not make a decision before the time expires, the following auto-decision will be applied: If the total card value of your hand is 11 or less, then — HIT. If the total card value of your hand is more than 11, then — STAND. If your balance is insufficient for Double and Split, the corresponding buttons for those decisions will be disabled. If your balance becomes insufficient before Double or Split decisions are accepted, then your preferred decisions will be rejected and the following auto-decision applied instead: If your decision was to Double, then — HIT. If your decision was to Split and the total card value of your hand is 11 or less, then — HIT. If your decision was to Split and the total card value of your hand is more than 11, then — STAND. Chat Chat with other players and/or with a game presenter. Tipping Tipping lets you show gratitude to the game presenters for their good service. Game Number Each game round is identified by a unique GAME NUMBER. This number reflects when the game round began in terms of GMT by hour: minute: second. Please use this game number for the reference (or take a screenshot of the game number) if you wish to contact Customer Service regarding a particular round. Sound Sound controls all sounds in the game. Game History Game History displays your Evolution game rounds and results. Settings Settings let you customize user preferences that are saved to your profile. Responsible Gaming The RESPONSIBLE GAMING button allows you to access the page outlining the Responsible Gaming policy. This page provides useful information and links regarding responsible online gaming behavior and how to set limitations to your game sessions. Error Handling If there is an error in the game, system, or game procedure, the game round will be temporarily paused while the game host notifies the service manager. You and other players will be notified via Chat, or by an on-screen pop-up message, that the issue is being investigated. If the manager can immediately resolve the error, the game round will continue as normal. If immediate resolution is not possible, the game round will be canceled, and the initial bets will be refunded to all the players who participated in the game round. Disconnection Policy If you are disconnected from a game round while betting time remains, any bets placed will be void and the bets returned to you. If you are disconnected after the betting is closed, placed bets remain valid and are settled in your absence. Upon reconnecting, you can view the bet outcomes in the History window. Automated Chat Moderation Players' messages in Chat are subject to automated decision-making. In cases of misuse, such as the abuse of the game host or other players or inappropriate and/or offensive language, the player will be issued a warning. If the warning is disregarded, chat privileges will be disabled. If you disagree with any automated decision, we encourage you to contact your Casino support for further assistance. For shuffling Gameplay continues until the cut card is dealt. Subsequently, the cards are shuffled by a dealer or a shuffler. If a shuffle table is available, then two shoes with two sets of playing cards are used at the table. In this case, the dealer swaps the shoes, and the shuffle is performed by a shuffler at the shuffling table while the dealer continues to host the game round. More Games Evolution Lobby — easy game selection without exiting your current game until a new game is chosen. Multi-Game Play If you enjoy non-stop action, you can join more than one game table — then view and play them simultaneously, all in the same browser window! After you have joined at least one game table, click on LOBBY. In the lobby or game, click the +TABLE button associated with that table to join it. Certain tables may be unavailable for multi-game play and will therefore not display a +TABLE button. After you have joined multiple tables, you will be able to resize your browser window as a whole, but you will not be able to resize each game table window separately. You can exit any table without affecting your presence at other tables you have joined. To exit a table, click the X button. Please note: You will automatically exit a table if you join the same table through a different device/browser. If you click directly on a table icon instead of the +TABLE button, you will merely switch tables instead of joining the chosen table in addition to the table you joined previously. We kindly advise you to join only as many tables as your screen can accommodate while still allowing you to place bets deliberately and accurately Malfunction voids all pays and plays Shortcut Keys Shortcut keys can be used to quickly perform useful game functions. KEY FUNCTION Number Keys from 1 onwards Select the desired chip from the chip display. Key “1” corresponds to the leftmost chip with the lowest value. Key “2” selects the next highest value chip, and so on. SPACEBAR Press SPACEBAR to double your bet. CTRL+Z (CMD+Z), DELETE, BACKSPACE Undo your last bet. Hold for 3 seconds to remove all your bets. ESC When applicable, the ESC key can be used to: Exit full-screen mode Close an open pop-up window (History, Help, Settings, etc.) Last modification date: 3/4/2026