Gonzo's Quest II: Return to El Dorado Game Basics Gonzo's Quest™ II: Return to El Dorado is a 6-reel, 4-row video slot with Expanding Reels, the Avalanche™ feature, the Random Wilds feature, multipliers, Free Spins, Super Free Spins, and the Elevate Feature with 5 options. The game is played with up to 262144 bet ways and different bet values. Matching symbols in any position on three or more adjacent reels, starting from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel, without gaps, results in a bet way win. More bet way wins are created when additional instances of the symbol appear on the same reels that create the longest bet way win. Only the longest matching combination per symbol is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet ways are added. A bet way win is equal to the value shown in the Paytable multiplied by any applicable multiplier. Symbol payout values shown in the Paytable are dynamic and change in accordance with the selected bet value. Bet Ways Calculation Example The longest winning combination of blue dog symbols is 7 symbols on reels 1–4. The number of winning bet ways is calculated by multiplying the number of blue dog symbols on each of these reels: 2 x 1 x 3 x 1 = 6 winning bet ways. Avalanche™ Feature A bet way win appearing on the reels starts an Avalanche™. Symbols in winning combinations disappear, leaving space for a new Avalanche of symbols. The Avalanches continue until there are no more wins on the reels. In the main game, each Avalanche increases the global multiplier next to the reels by 1. The multiplier starts at x1 and can reach up to x5. When there are no more Avalanches in the main game, and the total win has been evaluated, the multiplier is reset back to x1. Expanding Reels Feature Each spin in the game starts with a 6-reel, 4-row play area. A winning combination activates the Expanding Reels feature, where each Avalanche adds an additional row to the top of the play area, up to 4 additional rows. In the main game, the Expanding Reels feature ends when there are no more Avalanches, and the play area resets to its initial 6-reel, 4-row configuration at the beginning of the next spin. Wild Symbols Two types of Wild symbols can appear anywhere on the reels in the game: regular Wild and Calamity Wild. Wild Calamity Wild For each bet way win that starts with a combination of Wild symbols, the payout for the bet way is determined by the highest payout from either an only Wild symbols combination or a symbol winning combination. If the payout between the two is equal, then the win is paid as normal winning combination. If the payout of the Wild symbols is higher, then the win is paid as the Wild symbols combination. Bet ways consisting of only Wild symbols are paid only if the Wild symbols winning combination is 6 symbols long from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except for Scatter and Calamity Wild symbols. Wild symbols substitution pays the highest possible winning combination in a bet way according to the Paytable. Random Wilds Feature The Random Wilds feature is activated when a Calamity Wild symbol appears on the reels as part of a winning combination. Before the play area expands and the next Avalanche takes place, the Calamity Wild symbol randomly places between 3 and 6 regular Wild symbols on the reels. Each Wild symbol placed on the reels during the Random Wilds feature either fills an empty position or is placed on top of another symbol already on the reels. Wild symbols cannot be placed on top of a Scatter, Wild, or Calamity Wild symbol that has not activated the Random Wilds feature. Colossal Symbols Scatters and high-win symbols (except Wilds and Calamity Wild symbols) can appear on the reels as 2x2, 3x3 or 4x4 colossal symbols. 2x2 colossal Scatters count as 2 regular Scatters, 3x3 colossal Scatters count as 3 regular Scatters, and 4x4 colossal Scatters count as 4 regular Scatters. During the Random Wilds feature, colossal high-win symbols on the reels can be transformed into colossal Wilds. Up to two colossal symbols can be transformed into colossal Wilds per spin. When wins are evaluated, high-win colossal symbols and colossal Wilds are counted as high-win/Wild symbols in the following way: Colossal Size Number of symbols 2x2 4 symbols 3x3 9 symbols 4x4 16 symbols Free Spins In the main game, 3, 4, 5 or 6 Scatter symbols appearing on the reels in succession from the leftmost reel, without gaps, activate 10, 12, 15 or 20 Free Spins or Super Free Spins, after all wins are evaluated. Any expanded reels and increased multiplier obtained in the main game are not carried over to Free Spins or Super Free Spins. The play area in Free Spins and Super Free Spins expands with each Avalanche, and new rows obtained are carried over to the next spin until the maximum height of 8 rows is achieved. Free Spins mode The Free Spins mode is activated by 3 or more Scatter symbols of regular size (1x1) appearing on the reels in the main game. The starting value of the global multiplier is x2, and it increases by 2 with each Avalanche. When all Avalanches have taken place, the multiplier is reset back to x2 at the beginning of the next spin. If 3 or more Scatter symbols appear on the reels in succession from the leftmost reel, without gaps, during Free Spins or Super Free Spins, an equal number of additional Free Spins or Super Free Spins is awarded. Super Free Spins mode The Super Free Spins mode is activated when at least one of the Scatter symbols activating Free Spins is a colossal Scatter symbol. The starting value of the global multiplier, as well as the value by which it increases, depends on the size of the colossal Scatter symbol that activated Super Free Spins, according to the table below. Colossal Scatter size Starting multiplier Multiplier value increases by 2x2 X2 2 3x3 X3 3 4x4 X5 5 The multiplier value obtained in one spin is carried over to the next spin and does not have a limit. Free Spins Upgrade During the Free Spins mode, if Free Spins are activated again, and at least one of the Scatters is a colossal Scatter, Free Spins are upgraded to Super Free Spins. The upgrade takes place at the beginning of the next spin. The number of Super Free Spins awarded in this upgrade is equal to the number of Scatter symbols that activated Super Free Spins, and it is added to the number of Free Spins remaining in the counter before the upgrade. The current multiplier value from Free Spins is carried over to Super Free Spins. In case this multiplier value is lower than the starting value of the Super Free Spins activated, the multiplier value is then upgraded accordingly. Free Spins and Super Free Spins are played at the same bet as the round that activated Free Spins or Super Free Spins, and Free Spins and Super Free Spins end when the Free Spins counter reaches 0. At the end of Free Spins or Super Free Spins, the total win from Free Spins or Super Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins or Super Free Spins, and the game returns to the round that activated Free Spins or Super Free Spins. Elevate Feature In-game features can be activated with the Elevate Feature. In the Elevate Feature, one of the following features can be activated per game round: Bonus Hunt For 2 times the bet, at least one Scatter symbol is guaranteed to appear on the reels in the main game. Calamity Explosion For 10 times the bet, at least one Calamity Wild symbol is guaranteed to appear as part of a winning combination on the reels in the main game. Calamity Max For 30 times the bet, the reels are expanded to 8 rows, and at least one Calamity Wild symbol is guaranteed to appear as part of a winning combination on the reels in the main game. If Free Spins or Super Free Spins are activated while the Calamity Max feature is activated, the expanded 8-row play area is carried over to the Free Spins/Super Free Spins round. Free Spins For 100 times the bet, 3, 4, 5, or 6 Scatter symbols appear on the reels, activating Free Spins. It is also possible to activate Super Free Spins with a low probability. Super Free Spins For 1000 times the bet, 3, 4, 5, or 6 Scatter symbols appear on the reels, with at least one of them being a colossal Scatter, activating Super Free Spins. Paytable Symbol Payout Values High-win symbols 6 ⁦⁦$⁩0.30⁩ 5 ⁦⁦$⁩0.20⁩ 4 ⁦⁦$⁩0.12⁩ 3 ⁦⁦$⁩0.07⁩ 6 ⁦⁦$⁩0.30⁩ 5 ⁦⁦$⁩0.20⁩ 4 ⁦⁦$⁩0.12⁩ 3 ⁦⁦$⁩0.07⁩ 6 ⁦⁦$⁩0.30⁩ 5 ⁦⁦$⁩0.20⁩ 4 ⁦⁦$⁩0.12⁩ 3 ⁦⁦$⁩0.07⁩ 6 ⁦⁦$⁩0.20⁩ 5 ⁦⁦$⁩0.15⁩ 4 ⁦⁦$⁩0.08⁩ 3 ⁦⁦$⁩0.06⁩ 6 ⁦⁦$⁩0.15⁩ 5 ⁦⁦$⁩0.08⁩ 4 ⁦⁦$⁩0.06⁩ 3 ⁦⁦$⁩0.04⁩ 6 ⁦⁦$⁩0.12⁩ 5 ⁦⁦$⁩0.07⁩ 4 ⁦⁦$⁩0.05⁩ 3 ⁦⁦$⁩0.03⁩ 6 ⁦⁦$⁩0.08⁩ 5 ⁦⁦$⁩0.06⁩ 4 ⁦⁦$⁩0.04⁩ 3 ⁦⁦$⁩0.02⁩ 6 ⁦⁦$⁩0.07⁩ 5 ⁦⁦$⁩0.05⁩ 4 ⁦⁦$⁩0.03⁩ 3 ⁦⁦$⁩0.02⁩ Low-win symbols 6 ⁦⁦$⁩0.05⁩ 5 ⁦⁦$⁩0.03⁩ 4 ⁦⁦$⁩0.02⁩ 3 ⁦⁦$⁩0.01⁩ 6 ⁦⁦$⁩0.05⁩ 5 ⁦⁦$⁩0.03⁩ 4 ⁦⁦$⁩0.02⁩ 3 ⁦⁦$⁩0.01⁩ 6 ⁦⁦$⁩0.05⁩ 5 ⁦⁦$⁩0.03⁩ 4 ⁦⁦$⁩0.02⁩ 3 ⁦⁦$⁩0.01⁩ 6 ⁦⁦$⁩0.05⁩ 5 ⁦⁦$⁩0.03⁩ 4 ⁦⁦$⁩0.02⁩ 3 ⁦⁦$⁩0.01⁩ Pay Mechanic The game is played with up to 262144 bet ways. Matching symbols in any position on three or more adjacent reels, starting from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel, without gaps, result in a bet way win. Only the longest matching combination per symbol is paid. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. For more information, see Unfinished Game Rounds. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 94.15%. The theoretical return to player in the Elevate Feature with Bonus Hunt is 94.09%. The theoretical return to player in the Elevate Feature with Calamity Explosion is 94.05%. The theoretical return to player in the Elevate Feature with Calamity Max is 94.10%. The theoretical return to player in the Elevate Feature with Free Spins is 94.19%. The theoretical return to player in the Elevate Feature with Super Free Spins is 94.07%. Betting To play the game, you must have sufficient funds to cover your bet. You can see your current BALANCE on your screen. BALANCE ⁦⁦$⁩500.00⁩ To start playing, first select the bet value. Click/tap "+" or "-" to increase or reduce the bet or click/tap on the bet value in the middle and select a bet value from a scrollable list. Please note that the selected bet will be applied to each spin. If your balance becomes insufficient to play, your bet will be automatically reduced to the highest available bet value. Minimum bet: ⁦⁦$⁩0.3⁩ Maximum bet: ⁦⁦$⁩300⁩ Once you have chosen the bet, click/tap the SPIN button to start playing. SPIN During a spin, you can use the STOP button to stop the reels more quickly if possible. STOP To use the Elevate Feature, click/tap the ELEVATE button. In the Elevate Feature panel, select the feature of your choice. The total Elevate cost and the winnings are dynamic and change according to the spin bet value. The Elevate Feature remains active for every spin until manually deactivated. Autoplay Autoplay allows you to repeat your selected bet for a chosen number of game rounds. To start Autoplay, choose the desired bet value and then click/tap the Autoplay button. In the Autoplay panel, you can start Autoplay by selecting the number of rounds you want your bet to be repeated for. Your selected number of Autoplay rounds will be displayed on the Autoplay button. The number of remaining Autoplay rounds will be updated, once Autoplay is started. Your total Autoplay bet amount is calculated by multiplying the number of Autoplay rounds with the value of your bet. It is indicated under each Autoplay option. The remaining Autoplay bet amount will also be displayed under the chosen Autoplay option, once Autoplay has started. Your automatic game rounds will continue until either your chosen number of Autoplay rounds are complete, you choose to stop Autoplay by clicking/tapping STOP, or the Free Spins round is activated. While Autoplay is running, it is not possible to change your bets. You should stop Autoplay to change the bets. Other Controls BUTTON FUNCTION Click/tap the SOUND button to turn the game sounds on or off. Alternatively, use the slider to adjust the volume of game sounds. The button and/or the slider might not be available on some devices. Click/tap the SETTINGS button to open a menu of user-changeable settings: All sounds: Turns the game sounds on or off. You can also use the slider to adjust the volume of game sounds, if it is available on your device. Game effects and Music: Turn the game effects or music on or off. Alternatively, use the sliders to adjust the volume. Game Speed: Select the desired spin speed — REGULAR, QUICK SPIN, or SUPER QUICK SPIN. Alternatively, click the QUICK SPIN button, if available on your device, to go from REGULAR to QUICK, from QUICK to SUPER QUICK, and from SUPER QUICK back to REGULAR speed. Intro screen: Turns the intro screen on or off. Confirm Elevate Features: Enables / disables the confirmation dialog when buying Elevate Features. Spacebar to spin / stop a spin: Enables / disables the option to start or stop a spin using the spacebar. Click/tap the GAME HISTORY button to view the game rounds you have played and the results of those rounds. Click/tap the HOW TO PLAY button to view the game rules. Click/tap the FULL SCREEN button to enter the full screen mode or click/tap the EXIT FULL SCREEN button to exit it. Click/tap the HOME button to leave the game. Responsible Gaming The RESPONSIBLE GAMING button allows you to access the page outlining the Responsible Gaming policy. This page provides useful information and links regarding responsible online gaming behaviour and how to set limitations to your game sessions. Unfinished Game Rounds All unfinished game rounds, regardless of whether further player activity is required, shall be auto completed after thirty (30) minutes of inactivity. All winnings and/or losses from the auto completed rounds shall subsequently be deposited or withdrawn, as required, from the player's account. The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the Operator's website. For more information, refer to the Operator's website: The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. Game Number Each game round is identified by a unique GAME NUMBER. This number reflects when the game round began in terms of GMT by hour: minute: second . Please use this game number for reference (or take a screenshot of the game number) if you wish to contact Customer Service regarding a particular round. Shortcut Keys Shortcut keys can be used to quickly perform useful game functions. KEY FUNCTION ESC When applicable, the ESC key can be used to: Exit full-screen mode. Close an open pop-up window (Game History, How to Play, Settings, etc.). SPACEBAR When applicable, the SPACEBAR key can be used to: Start a spin (if the “Spacebar to spin / stop spin” option is enabled). Skip some of the animations and end the game round more quickly if possible.