Twin Spin XXXtreme GAME RULES TWIN SPIN XXXTREME Twin Spin XXXtreme is a 6-reel, 3-row video slot that features the Twin Reel feature in every spin offering even more chances for big wins, the Random Multiplier, and XXXtreme Spins. The game is played with 729 bet ways and different bet values. BET is the amount of cash to bet. The bet value is set by clicking the Bet Settings button and selecting the bet. BALANCE displays the amount of cash available to bet. Matching symbols in any position on three or more adjacent reels, starting from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel, result in a bet way win. Example as follows: More bet way wins are created when additional instances of the symbol appear on the same reels that create the longest bet way win. A bet way win is equal to the value shown in the Paytable multiplied by any applicable multipliers. Only the longest matching combination per symbol is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet ways are added. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Symbol payout values shown in the Paytable are dynamic and change in accordance with the selected bet value. BET WAYS CALCULATION EXAMPLE The longest winning combination of King symbols is 6 symbols on reels 1-6. The number of winning bet ways is calculated by multiplying the number of King symbols on each of these reels: 3 × 3 × 1 × 2 × 1 × 1 = 18 winning bet ways. WILD SYMBOL Wild symbols can only appear on reels 2-6 and substitute for all symbols. Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet way according to the Paytable. TWIN REEL FEATURE Twin Reels are adjacent reels with identical sets of symbols. At the start of each spin, 2 to 6 adjacent reels are chosen to be Twin Reels. During a spin, identical sets of symbols appear on all Twin Reels. RANDOM MULTIPLIER 3 or more Twin Reels appearing in a spin may award a Random Multiplier according to the following table: Number of Twin Reels Possible Random Multiplier values 3 2-5 4 3-10 5 4-10, 15, 20 6 5-10, 15, 20, 40 XXXTREME SPINS You can activate XXXtreme Spins anytime to guarantee the appearance of 3 Twin Reels in a spin. Activating XXXtreme Spins costs 10 times the bet for 3 guaranteed Twin Reels and 95 times the bet for 4 guaranteed Twin Reels to appear in one spin. XXXtreme Spins remain active until you deactivate them. GAME FUNCTIONS The table below lists different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Main Game Spin Click to start a game round at the current bet value. Stop Click to skip game round animations where possible. Quick Spin Click to turn quick spin on or off. Bet Settings Click to set the bet value. Activate XXXtreme Spins Click to activate XXXtreme Spins. Deactivate XXXtreme Spins Click to deactivate XXXtreme Spins. Sound Click to mute the game sound or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Paytable Click to view winning combinations and payouts. Menu Click to access the game settings and game information. Exit Click to leave the game. Game Settings and Game Information Game Settings Click to view the game settings menu. Quick spin : Turns the quick spin option on or off. Spacebar to spin : Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game Rules Click to view the game rules. Game History Click to view your latest game history. The game history is available only when playing for money. Note: The game history might be displayed with a delay. Close Click to go back to the main game. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the Operator's website. For more information, refer to the Operator's website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. RETURN TO PLAYER The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.06%. The theoretical return to player for this game with activated XXXtreme Spins for 3 Twin Reels is 96.04%. The theoretical return to player for this game with activated XXXtreme Spins for 4 Twin Reels is 96.06%. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Last modification date: 6/26/2025