Stock Market Game Objective Stock Market is an exciting and fast-paced prediction game that fuses the world of finance with Live and First Person gaming. Playing the role of a stock market trader, join other players and try to predict whether a Trading Session (game round) will end above or below the starting stock value. The value change is visualized as a chart that rises and drops within the Up and Down areas. Game Rules The game features two phases — the betting phase and the Trading Session. Place your bet on either Up or Down. Betting on both sides simultaneously is not possible; however, you can switch sides during betting time as many times as you want. Once your bet is accepted, it is added to your Portfolio. Trading Session When the betting phase is over, the Trading Session will commence, and the stock value chart will start to generate. Before reaching a result, the chart will go through several interim values that will also be reflected in your Portfolio. This adds anticipation and thrill to the game but does not affect the result. All chart values are measured in percentages and calculated using RNG (Random Number Generator). The outcome of the game is determined by the stock value at the point when the chart line touches the right boundary of the chart. The value can fluctuate between -100% and +100%; however, it will never land on 0% (i.e., it will always be either a positive or negative percentage). The resulting stock value affects the size of your Portfolio by increasing or decreasing it. Lastly, a 1% commission (represented as “FEE” on the game's interface) is deducted from the resulting Portfolio, creating the final outcome of the Trading Session. Commission is deducted at the end of each round. Your Portfolio will always be rounded up or down to the nearest smallest unit of currency (e.g., eurocents for EUR, cents for USD, pennies for GBP, and no decimals for JPY) by generating a random number and comparing it with the portion of the Portfolio to be rounded off in order to determine the rounding direction. See a more detailed explanation in the Rounding chapter. Betting phase before the next Trading Session Regardless of whether your previous session resulted in a win or loss, any remaining balance in your Portfolio will be automatically re-wagered on the same bet spot for the next session. During the betting phase you can: Keep your bet on the same bet spot Switch your bet to the opposite bet spot Top-up the bet by adding more chips to it Cash out your Portfolio. To switch your bet to the opposite bet spot, click/tap on it once. If you click/tap on your newly selected bet spot another time, you will add more chips to it. Cash Out To stop trading and withdraw your Portfolio, click/tap on the “Cash Out” button. This action will transfer the existing amount from your in-game Portfolio to your balance. The “Cash Out” button can only be used during the betting phase. Unless you choose to cash out, your Portfolio will stay wagered in the game until it is depleted. CASH OUT Please note that if your bet is rejected, the game is refreshed, or a technical disconnection occurs, an automated Cash Out will be performed. Please also note that if your Portfolio grows to exceed the maximum bet limit, the exceeding amount will be automatically cashed out. The maximum number of rounds you can play in one streak without cashing out is 30. The number of rounds you have played on your current streak is shown next to the menu (Streak). Once the maximum is reached, you will automatically be cashed out. Payouts Every 1% of stock value change in the correctly guessed direction increases your portfolio by 1%. And vice versa, every 1% of stock value change in the incorrectly guessed direction decreases your portfolio by 1%. Please note that a 1% commission will be deducted from your payout. Please note that any malfunction voids the game round and all eventual payouts for the round. Bets will be returned and automated cash out will be executed. Malfunction Voids all Pays and Plays Return to Player The optimal theoretical return to player (RTP) percentage is 99.00% for any bet. Place Bets The BET LIMITS panel shows the minimum and maximum allowed bet limits at the table, which may change from time to time. Open the Bet Limits to check your current limits. Stock Market ⁦⁦⁦$⁩0.10⁩ – 10,000⁩ To participate in the game, you must have sufficient funds to cover your bets. You can see your current BALANCE on your screen BALANCE ⁦⁦$⁩100,000⁩ The TIMER informs you of the duration of betting time. After it expires, the betting is closed, and no more bets are accepted. PLACE YOUR BETS6 The CHIP DISPLAY allows you to select the value of each chip you wish to bet. Only chips of denominations that can be covered by your covered balance will be enabled. Once you have selected a chip, place your bet by simply clicking/tapping the appropriate bet spot on the game table. Each time you click/tap the bet spot, the amount of your bet increases by the value of the selected chip or up to the maximum limit for the type of bet you have selected. Once you have bet the maximum limit, no additional funds will be accepted for that bet, and a message will appear above your bet to notify you that you have bet the maximum. NOTE: Please do not minimize your browser or open any other tab in your browser while betting time remains, and you have placed bets on the table. Such actions may be interpreted as leaving the game, and your bets will therefore be declined for that particular game round. The REPEAT button allows you to repeat all bets from the previous game round. This button is only available before the first chip is placed. REPEAT The DOUBLE (x2) button becomes available after you have placed any bet. Each click/tap doubles all your bets up to the maximum limit. Note that you must have a sufficient account balance to double ALL your placed bets. DOUBLE The UNDO button removes the last bet you placed. UNDO You can click/tap the UNDO button repeatedly to remove bets, one by one, in the reverse order in which they were placed. You can clear all your bets by holding the UNDO button. The TOTAL BET indicator displays the total amount of all bets placed in the current round. TOTAL BET⁦⁦$⁩500⁩ Bet Statistics Players have access to statistics including the total wager placed on a particular bet spot, the number of players who have placed their bets on a particular bet spot, as well as the ratio between players wagering on Up and Down. You can choose to hide these statistics under Game Settings. Result Statistics Game results are recorded and presented to you in four different Result Statistics views. Results are provided sequentially from left to right, with the most recent result being the rightmost. Click/swipe the statistics to switch the Result Statistics view. The number of results you see on your device depends on which view is selected; it varies from 10 to 50 rounds. Linear Chart (default view) Each cell in the Linear Chart view represents the chart build in a specific round, the same way as it is seen in the main chart area. For some devices, intermediate values can be omitted. The overall color of the chart changes based on whether the most recent resulting value is higher or lower than the starting value of the earliest round. Percentages Here every cell shows the exact value reached in a certain round as a number. The color of the cell reflects whether the round ended in Up or Down. Candlesticks Each round is depicted as a candlestick. The color of the candlestick shows whether the round ended in Up or Down. Its height reflects how big the resulting value was in its respective direction. Extended Linear Chart This view works exactly like the regular Linear Chart, but shows more previous rounds. Rounding Your Portfolio will always be rounded up or down to the nearest smallest unit of currency (e.g., eurocents for EUR, cents for USD, pennies for GBP, and no decimals for JPY) using an RNG-based approach. This method introduces an element of randomness to the rounding process. Here's how it works: First, the unsupported decimal part is converted (underlined here for clarity) into six-digit numbers (i.e., hundreds of thousands). For example, 1.263 becomes 300,000, 5.23568696 becomes 568,696, 4.25034 becomes 34,000. In the second step, a random number between 1 and 1,000,000 is generated. Finally, if the converted six-digit number is higher than the RNG result or equal to it, the unit of currency is rounded up. If it's lower, the unit of currency is rounded down. Example: Let’s assume that the number 500,000 is randomly generated in the second step. In this case, our example numbers would be rounded up or down as follows: 1.263 would be rounded down, because 300,000 is lower than 500,000, 5.23568696 would be rounded up because 568,696 is higher than 500,000 and 4.25034 would be rounded down because 34,000 is lower than 500,000. Live Support Contact Live Support for game-related inquiries. Chat Chat with other players and/or with a game presenter. Game Number Each game round is identified by a unique GAME NUMBER. This number reflects when the game round began in terms of GMT by hour: minute: second . Please use this game number for the reference (or take a screenshot of the game number) if you wish to contact Customer Service regarding a particular round. Sound Sound controls all sounds in the game. Game History Game History displays your Evolution game rounds and results. Settings Settings let you customize user preferences that are saved to your profile. Responsible Gaming The RESPONSIBLE GAMING button allows you to access the page outlining the Responsible Gaming policy. This page provides useful information and links regarding responsible online gaming behavior and how to set limitations to your game sessions. Error Handling If there is an error in the game, system, or game procedure, the game round will be temporarily paused while the game host notifies the service manager. You and other players will be notified via Chat, or by an on-screen pop-up message, that the issue is being investigated. If the manager can immediately resolve the error, the game round will continue as normal. If immediate resolution is not possible, the game round will be canceled, and the initial bets will be refunded to all the players who participated in the game round. Disconnection Policy If you are disconnected from a game round, any placed bets remain valid and are settled in your absence. Upon reconnecting, you can view the bet outcomes in the History window. At the same time, a disconnect always leads to an automated cash out. Automated Chat Moderation Players' messages in Chat are subject to automated decision-making. In cases of misuse, such as the abuse of the game host or other players or inappropriate and/or offensive language, the player will be issued a warning. If the warning is disregarded, chat privileges will be disabled. If you disagree with any automated decision, we encourage you to contact your Casino support for further assistance. More Games Evolution Lobby — easy game selection without exiting your current game until a new game is chosen. LOBBY Multi-Game Play If you enjoy non-stop action, you can join more than one game table — then view and play them simultaneously, all in the same browser window! After you have joined at least one game table, click on LOBBY. In the lobby or game, click the +TABLE button associated with that table to join it. Certain tables may be unavailable for multi-game play and will therefore not display a +TABLE button. TABLE After you have joined multiple tables, you will be able to resize your browser window as a whole, but you will not be able to resize each game table window separately. You can exit any table without affecting your presence at other tables you have joined. To exit a table, click the X button. Please note: You will automatically exit a table if you join the same table through a different device/browser. If you click directly on a table icon instead of the +TABLE button, you will merely switch tables instead of joining the chosen table in addition to the table you joined previously. We kindly advise you to join only as many tables as your screen can accommodate while still allowing you to place bets deliberately and accurately. Shortcut Keys Shortcut keys can be used to quickly perform useful game functions. Last modification date: 3/6/2026