Castle of terror II Introducing the game Castle of Terror II is a 5 reel video slot with 1024 ways to win, featuring Bonus Respins and 5 special bonuses. How to play3 Select your stake by clicking the left and right arrow buttons on the stake. The stake value is displayed in the stake display. All payouts are multiplied by the stake of each individual spin. Auto play To set up Auto play press the Auto button. This will display Auto play panel which the player can use to modify the number of spins, set a loss limit or set a win limit. When a loss limit has been set the player can select Start to commence auto play. When Auto play is on, the Play button will change to a Stop button. The remaining Auto plays will be displayed in the Stop button. The player can cancel Auto play by clicking the Stop button. Auto play will stop automatically if any of the limits set is reached or anything occurs that requires player intervention. Auto play may not be available in your jurisdiction. Start the spin Press the Play button to start the spin at the stake displayed. The reels will spin and then come to stop, displaying the result. Turbo Turbo mode removes unnecessary delays. Turbo can be switched on and off in the OPTIONS menu. Turbo may be limited or unavailable in your jurisdiction. Bonus Buy Press the Bonus Buy button to access the Bonus Buy menu. You may buy 10 Free Spins with 2 active bonuses for 100 times the Free Spins Stake, or 10 Free Spins with 3 active bonuses for 300 times the Free Spins Stake. The Free Spins Stake can be changed by pressing the plus and minus buttons on the Free Spins Stake display. The Free Spins Stake will apply to each Free Spin. Press the price to buy the bonus for that price. The price will be deducted from your balance. Bonus Buy may be limited or unavailable in your jurisdiction. Symbol Wins A win is matching consecutive symbols, regardless of height, from left to right starting from the leftmost reel. Highest win paid per winning combination. All winning combinations are added together. See PAYS for further information. Wild Wild substitutes for all symbols except Scatters. Wild occurs on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5 only. Scatter In the base game, a result with one Scatter awards a Bonus Respin. A result with two or more Scatters awards 10 Free Spins, with a special bonus activated for each Scatter. If any Scatters occur during the Bonus Respin, 10 Free Spins are awarded, with a special bonus activated for each Scatter, including the initial Scatter that triggered the Bonus Respin. At most one Scatter can occur on each reel. A maximum of three Scatters can occur in total. Bonus Respin The type of bonus that is active during the respin is determined by the reel of the triggering Scatter. Reel 1 - BRAINS: All reels are enhanced with extra Brains. Reel 2 - ALIVE: A random multiplier of x3, x5, x8, or x10 is applied to all wins. Reel 3 - SHOCK: A random multiplier of x2, x3, x4, or x5 is applied to Wilds that spin in with the reels. Reel 4 - MONSTER: At random, the Brains, Old Man, Lady, or Lungs symbol becomes Wild on reels 2 to 5. Reel 5 - HORROR: At random, reel 2, 3, 4, or 5 is filled with Wilds. Free Spins The Free Spins have a Win Multiplier that starts at one and increases after every winning spin. Free Spins are played with two or three active bonuses. The bonuses are determined by the reels where the triggering Scatters occurred. During the Free Spins, 2 or more Scatters in any position award an additional 4 Free Spins, plus 2 for each Scatter beyond the second. The stake that was used to trigger the Free Spins will be used for the Free Spins duration. At the end of the Free Spins, the total winnings for the spins will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited into the player's account and regular play then resumes. Free Spins Bonuses • BRAINS: All reels are enhanced with extra Brains symbols. • ALIVE: The Free Spins Win Multiplier starts at x3, x5, x8, or x10. If the Free Spins are triggered from an ALIVE Bonus Respin, the multiplier is carried over. • SHOCK: A random multiplier of x2, x3, x4, or x5 is applied to Wilds that spin in with the reels. • MONSTER: At random, the Brains, Old Man, Lady, or Lungs symbol becomes Wild on reels 2 to 5. If the Free Spins are triggered from a MONSTER Bonus Respin, the chosen symbol is carried over. • HORROR: On every Free Spin, at random, reel 2, 3, 4, or 5 is filled with Wilds. Note that the SHOCK bonus does not add multipliers to Wilds that appear due to the MONSTER or HORROR bonuses. Bonuses cannot be added or changed during the Free Spins. Return to Player (RTP) The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Values are calculated initially by dividing the total payouts by the total bets from a simulation of numerous game rounds. Values reflect the maximum expected RTP and do not change. The RTP is defined at different stages or modes of the game. Overall RTP: 94.39% Bonus Buy RTP: 94.39% Return to Player (RTP) The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Values are calculated initially by dividing the total payouts by the total bets from a simulation of numerous game rounds. Values reflect the maximum expected RTP and do not change. The RTP is defined at different stages or modes of the game. Overall RTP: 86.39% Bonus Buy RTP: 86.39% Return to Player (RTP) The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Values are calculated initially by dividing the total payouts by the total bets from a simulation of numerous game rounds. Values reflect the maximum expected RTP and do not change. The RTP is defined at different stages or modes of the game. Overall RTP: 96.48% Bonus Buy RTP: 96.48% General Information In some jurisdictions and casinos, an award cap might be in place. The total win for any bet cannot be higher than the award cap. To find out if an award cap is in place, check the in-game Help and the casino's terms and conditions. In the event of a non-responsive game or problem during a spin, the game will repeat the incomplete spin and display the result to the player when the game is next launched. Incomplete games will be automatically resolved after 30 minutes. Any winnings resulting from automatic resolve shall be paid to the player's account. System malfunction voids all pays and plays. Volatility index: 9.4 (High). Additional Information All unfinished game rounds, regardless of whether further player activity is required, shall be auto completed after thirty (30) minutes of inactivity. All winnings and/or loses from the auto completed rounds shall subsequently be deposited or withdrawn, as required, from the player's account. The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the Operator's website. For more information, refer to the Operator's website: • The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. • In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. Last modification date: 10/28/2025