Fire in The Hole xBomb Fire in the Hole xBomb is a video slot with following feature(s): xBomb Wilds Wild Mining Lucky Wagon Spins A 6-reel, up to 6-row video slot with 12 symbols. 64 win ways by default (see pay table for more info). A Wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except Bonus. A Wild symbol substitutes for the highest possible winning combination according to the pay table. A winning combination of the same symbol pays from leftmost to right on adjacent reels. Coinciding wins on multiple combinations are paid out. Winning combinations and pays are made according to the pay table. Different reel configurations are used, depending on the game mode (main game or any of the bonus modes). The theoretical return to the player for this game is 96.06%. The theoretical return to the player for 3 BONUS feature buy is 96.07%. The theoretical return to the player for 4 BONUS feature buy is 96.20%. The theoretical return to the player for 5 BONUS feature buy is 96.96%. When the total win exceeds 60000x, the game round will end and 60 000 times the base bet is awarded. Features and spin results affect each other within a game round. If a second Dwarf is triggered, it will get eliminated and become x1 coin. The existing Dwarf will reset it's value to the total value on the board. A funeral multiplier gift might be rewarded for the death of a Dwarf. All symbol payout values in pay table are displayed in the same currency as bet placed. A malfunction voids all pays. Malfunction in gaming hardware/software; all affected bets are refunded. Game rounds not finished within 90 days will automatically be closed. Any accumulated wins during that game round will be paid out. These rounds cannot be replayed. Autoplay automatically plays the game for selected number of rounds or when any of the advanced autoplay setting criteria are fulfilled. When changing autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect upon completion of the game round or feature. Some autoplay features may be mandatory for some jurisdictions. Last modification date: 12/31/2025