Brute Force Game rules Brute Force is a video slot with following feature(s): - xNudge Wilds - Brute Spins - Super Brute Spins - xBet - 1 Guaranteed xNudge xBet - 2 Guaranteed xNudge xBet - 4 Guaranteed xNudge xBet A 5-reel, 5-row video slot with 14 symbols. 21 win lines (see pay table for more info). The theoretical return to the player for this game is 94.10%. The theoretical return to the player for xBet is 94.03%. The theoretical return to the player for 1 Guaranteed xNudge xBet is 94.05%. The theoretical return to the player for 2 Guaranteed xNudge xBet is 94.05%. The theoretical return to the player for 4 Guaranteed xNudge xBet is 94.05%. The theoretical return to the player for Brute Spins feature buy is 93.84%. The theoretical return to the player for Super Brute Spins feature buy is 93.97%. The theoretical return to the player for Lucky Draw feature buy is 93.93%. Simulated maximum payout is 40000 times the bet (1:51282051 rounds). When the total win exceeds 40000x, the game round will end and 40000 times the base bet is awarded. Features and spin results affect each other within a game round. A Wild symbol substitutes for any other symbol except Scatter. A Wild symbol substitutes for the highest possible winning combination according to the pay table. Wild payout occurs when a full screen of xNudge Wilds, mixed xNudges Wilds or the same type of xNudge Wilds. A winning combination of the same symbol pays from leftmost to right on adjacent reels. Coinciding wins on multiple combinations are paid out. Winning combinations and pays are made according to the pay table. Different reel configurations are used, depending on the game mode (main game or any of the bonus modes). All symbol payout values in pay table are displayed in the same currency as bet placed. A malfunction voids all pays and plays. Malfunction in gaming hardware/software; all affected bets are refunded. Game rounds not finished within 90days will automatically be closed. Any accumulated wins during that game round will be paid out. These rounds cannot be replayed. Autoplay automatically plays the game for selected number of rounds or when any of the advanced autoplay setting criteria are fulfilled. When changing autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect upon completion of the game round or feature. Some autoplay features may be mandatory for some jurisdictions. Last modification date: 1/27/2026