Fruit Shop Christmas Edition Fruit Shop Christmas Edition™ is a highly energetic video slot with 5-reels and 15-bet lines. Classic features include Wild substitutions with a x2 multiplier and a Free Spins multiplier of x2. The game is played with 15 bet lines and different bet values. The spin button plays the game at the current coin value and bet level. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. Note: available only in case of multiple bet levels. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins available to wager. MAX BET plays the game at 15 bet lines, the highest bet level, and the current coin value. (not offered by all operators). AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds (alternatively, click the AUTO button). (not offered by all operators). Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols. In both the main game and during the Free Spins, Wild symbols appear on reels 2, 3 and 4. Bet line wins with Wilds are x2. Only one Wild multiplier is applied per bet line win. Only the highest win per active bet line is selected to be paid. Bet line wins pay if in succession from leftmost to right. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown in the PAYTABLE multiplied by the bet level. This amount is also multiplied by any applicable multipliers. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. COINS displays the number of coins the player has available to wager. Note : The following functions might not be offered by all operators: Autoplay, Max Bet, Quick Spin, Quick Stop. Free Spins Bet line wins with matching fruit symbols award Free Spins. Free Spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the round that activated Free Spins. During Free Spins, any winning combinations with matching symbols award extra Free Spins according to the Paytable. Free Spins end when there are no remaining Free Spins and no new wins are generated. Bet line wins in Free Spins pay x2. In Free Spins, bet line wins with Wilds pay Wild multiplier x Free Spins multiplier. At the end of Free Spins, the total win from Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick Spin . Turns the quick spin option on or off. (not offered by all operators). Intro Screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history. Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stops Autoplay when you win in a round. If Free Spins are won . Stops Autoplay when Free Spins are won. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay options. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some Autoplay options are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Additional Information All unfinished game rounds, regardless of whether further player activity is required, shall be auto completed after thirty (30) minutes of inactivity. All winnings and/or loses from the auto completed rounds shall subsequently be deposited or withdrawn, as required, from the player's account. The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the Operator's website. For more information, refer to the Operator's website: The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. RTP: 96.71% Last modification date: 12/31/2025