Starburst Galaxy Game Basics Starburst Galaxy™ is a 5-reel, 5-row video slot with a Feature Generator, Mega Star and Galaxy Star features with guaranteed Wilds, and the Elevate Feature with 5 options. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable multiplied by any applicable multiplier. Symbol payout values shown in the Paytable are dynamic and change in accordance with the selected bet value. Any win starts an Avalanche™ as well as 3 Scatter symbols when they disappear from reels. Symbols in winning combinations disappear while remaining symbols move down to fill empty positions. After all positions are filled, the wins are evaluated again. Avalanches continue until there are no more wins. Wild Symbols When a win combination without a Wild symbol disappears from the reels, a Wild symbol is placed in the position that was at the centre of the disappearing win combination. If there was an even number of symbols in the disappearing win combination, the Wild symbol is placed for the horizontal win combination in the centre position to the left and for the vertical win combination in the central higher position. If two win combinations intersect, a Wild for each win combination is placed. If two win combinations intersect with their centres, only one Wild symbol is placed at the central position where they intersect. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except for the Scatter symbol. Wild symbols create winning combinations with other symbols if possible. When 3, 4 or 5 Wild symbols appear in a line (or in case of the expanded 7-reel and 7-row play area, it's 3, 4, 5, 6 or 7 Wild symbols) and are not able to create a winning combination with another symbol, Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination according to the Paytable. Galaxy Star Feature and Galaxy Meter The Galaxy Star feature is activated when the fifth feature in the Feature generator is awarded. The play area expands to 7 reels and 7 rows, and a 3x3 Wild symbol is randomly placed on the reels on the positions without any Scatter symbols. After the wins are evaluated, all win symbols disappear, and from 4 to 8 regular Wild symbols appear on the reels. When there are no wins on reels, all awarded features left in the Feature generator are activated. The Galaxy meter is activated when the 3x3 Wild symbol appears on the reels. Each winning combination is added to the Galaxy meter. Every time it reaches 50, the Galaxy Star feature is awarded. The feature is activated when there are no wins on reels. After reaching 50 winning combinations in the Galaxy meter, it starts from the beginning, and the rest of winning combinations are contributed to it. The progress of Feature Generator and Galaxy meter is reset to 0 with the start of a new spin. Mega Star Feature and Multiplier Collect Meter Every 3 Scatter symbols that appear on the reels during the same spin award the Mega Star feature. After the Avalanche, when there are no wins on reels, the feature is activated and a 2x2 Wild symbol is randomly placed on the reels. When the wins are evaluated, all win symbols disappear, and 2 to 5 regular Wild symbols are randomly placed on the reels during the next Avalanche. The Mega Star feature is activated before the awarded and not activated features in the Feature generator do. When the Mega Star feature activates, one or more Scatter symbols may have multipliers (x2, x3, x5, x10, x25). The multipliers start the Multiplier Collect Meter, which shows all added multipliers that apply to all winning combinations till the end of the game round. 3 or more of the same symbols appearing in a vertical or horizontal line, without gaps, anywhere on the reels award a win. Simultaneous wins from different combinations of symbols are added. Only the highest win per combination is paid. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. For more information, see Unfinished Game Rounds. Betting To play the game, you must have sufficient funds to cover your bet. You can see your current BALANCE on your screen. To start playing, first select the bet value. Click/tap "+" or "-" to increase or reduce the bet or click/tap on the bet value in the middle and select a bet value from a scrollable list. Please note that the selected bet will be applied to each spin. If your balance becomes insufficient to play, your bet will be automatically reduced to the highest available bet value. Minimum bet: ⁦⁦$⁩0.2⁩ Maximum bet: ⁦⁦$⁩100⁩ Once you have chosen the bet, click/tap the SPIN button to start playing. SPIN During a spin, you can use the STOP button to stop the reels more quickly if possible. STOP To use the Elevate Feature, click/tap the ELEVATE button. In the Elevate Feature panel, select the feature of your choice. The total Elevate cost and the winnings are dynamic and change according to the spin bet value. The Elevate Feature remains active for every spin until manually deactivated. Autoplay Autoplay allows you to repeat your selected bet for a chosen number of game rounds. To start Autoplay, choose the desired bet value and then click/tap the Autoplay button. In the Autoplay panel, you can start Autoplay by selecting the number of rounds you want your bet to be repeated for. Your selected number of Autoplay rounds will be displayed on the Autoplay button. The number of remaining Autoplay rounds will be updated, once Autoplay is started. Your total Autoplay bet amount is calculated by multiplying the number of Autoplay rounds with the value of your bet. It is indicated under each Autoplay option. The remaining Autoplay bet amount will also be displayed under the chosen Autoplay option, once Autoplay has started. Your automatic game rounds will continue until either your chosen number of Autoplay rounds are complete or you choose to stop Autoplay by clicking/tapping STOP. STOP When Autoplay is stopped, you will be able to start Autoplay with the previously selected bet and number of rounds again by clicking/tapping REPEAT. REPEAT While Autoplay is running, it is not possible to change your bets. You should stop Autoplay to change the bets. Responsible Gaming The RESPONSIBLE GAMING button allows you to access the page outlining the Responsible Gaming policy. This page provides useful information and links regarding responsible online gaming behaviour and how to set limitations to your game sessions. Unfinished Game Rounds All unfinished game rounds, regardless of whether further player activity is required, shall be auto completed after thirty (30) minutes of inactivity. All winnings and/or losses from the auto completed rounds shall subsequently be deposited or withdrawn, as required, from the player's account. The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the Operator's website. For more information, refer to the Operator's website: The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. Last modification date: 3/13/2025