Fruit Shop Megaways Fruit Shop™ Megaways™ is a 6-reel Megaways™ video slot featuring Wild substitutions and Free Spins with an increasing Multiplier. The game is played with up to 117649 Megaways™, different bet values, coin values, and bet levels (only when playing with coins). The game can be played with cash or coins. To switch between cash and coins, go to the Game Settings. Note: Not all betting modes are available in all casinos. BET is the amount of coins or cash to bet. When playing with coins, the bet value is set by clicking the Bet Settings button and selecting the coin value and the bet level. When playing with cash, the bet value is set by clicking the Bet Settings button and selecting the bet. BALANCE displays the amount of cash or coins available to bet. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Symbol payout values shown in the Paytable are dynamic and change in accordance with the selected bet value. Megaways™ During every spin in the main game and Free Spins, the number of symbols landing on each reel is selected randomly. The number of symbols landing on each reel ranges from 2 to 7. Matching symbols in any position on three or more adjacent reels (in the case of the Cherry symbol, two or more adjacent reels), starting from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel, result in a Megaways™ win. Matching Cherry symbols in any position on two or more adjacent reels, starting from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel, result in a Megaways™ win. A Megaways™ win is equal to the value shown in the Paytable. When winning combinations are evaluated, each symbol on the reel is counted once regardless of its size on the reel. More wins are awarded when additional instances of the symbol appear on the same reels that create the longest Megaways™ win. During each spin, the number of Megaways™ is equal to the number of symbols on each of the reels multiplied. The maximum number of Megaways™ is 117649. The total number of Megaways™ for the spin is displayed on the Megaways™ counter. Only the longest matching combination per symbol is paid. Simultaneous Megaways™ wins on different combinations are added. Megaways™ Payout Example When playing with coins at bet level 1, matching Cherry symbols on 3 adjacent reels starting from the leftmost reel award 40 coins. To count the number of winning Megaways™, the number of occurrences of the Cherry symbol on each reel is multiplied: 1 x 2 x 1 = 2. Since 3 matching Cherry symbols award 40 coins, the total win is: 2 x 40 = 80 coins. When playing with cash, the Megaways™ payout follows the same logic as when playing with coins, and the calculated outcome depends on the current bet value. Wild Symbol Wild symbols can appear on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 in the main game and in Free Spins. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols. Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning Megaways™ combination according to the Paytable. Free Spins A Megaways™ win on any of the medium win symbols activates Free Spins. A Megaways™ win on any of the medium win and low win symbols during Free Spins activates additional Free Spins. The number of Free Spins awarded in the main game and during Free Spins depends on the type of the symbol and the length of the winning combination, according to the Paytable. Free Spins are only awarded once for coinciding Megaways™ wins on one symbol, and the number of Free Spins is determined by the longest winning combination. If there are coinciding wins on more than one symbol, additional Free Spins activated by each winning combination are added. In Free Spins, there is an increasing Multiplier applied each spin to any wins from that spin. Free Spins start with an x1 Multiplier. During each spin with at least one winning combination, the Multiplier for the next spin increases by 1. If there are no wins in the spin, the Multiplier value remains the same. The maximum Multiplier value is x10. When the Multiplier reaches x10, it stays the same for the remaining Free Spins. Free Spins end when there are no more Free Spins left. Free Spins are played at the same bet value as the round that activated Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the total win from Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. Malfunction voids all pays and plays Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Main Game Spin Button Click to start a game round at the current bet value. Stop Button Click to stop the game round. Quick Spin Click to turn quick spin on or off (not available in all casinos). Autoplay Click to choose the number of Autoplay rounds and advanced Autoplay settings. Stop Autoplay If Autoplay rounds have been chosen, the remaining number of rounds is displayed on the counter. Click the counter to stop Autoplay. When the Spin button is visible, the counter is displayed on the Spin button. Bet Settings Click to set the bet value or coin value and bet level. Coin Value and Level When playing with coins, use the Coin Value and Level selectors to set the bet value. The text on the selectors is displayed in the current game language. Sound Click to mute the game sound or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Paytable Click to view winning combinations and payouts. Menu Click to access the game settings and game information. Game Settings and Game Information Game Settings Click to view the game settings menu. Intro screen : Turns the intro screen on or off. Quick spin : Turns the quick spin option on or off (not available in all casinos). Spacebar to spin : Turns the spacebar function on or off. Show bet in cash : Switches between bet in cash and bet in coins. Game Rules Click to view the game rules. Game History Click to view your latest game history. The game history is available only when playing for money. Note: The game history might be displayed with a delay. Advanced Autoplay Settings To set advanced Autoplay settings, click on the Autoplay button and choose the number of Autoplay rounds. Then click Advanced Settings to choose one or more stop conditions. To start the Autoplay rounds, click on the Spin button. The text on the button is displayed in the current game language. On any win . Stops Autoplay when you win in a round. If Free Spins are won . Stops Autoplay when Free Spins are won. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by : Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by : Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all chosen Autoplay stop conditions. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some Autoplay settings are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Close Click to go back to the main game. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the Casino Operator’s website. For more information, refer to the Casino Operator’s website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Wild Wild Multiplier Multiplier Megaways Megaways Way Way Free Spins Free Spins Big Win Big Win Mega Win Mega Win Super Mega Win Super Mega Win Last modification date: 5/21/2025