Baccarat Live from Borgata Game Objective The objective in Baccarat Live from Borgata is to predict whose hand will win by having the value closest to 9. Game Rules The game is hosted by a dealer and is played with eight standard 52-card decks. Card values are as follows: Aces are the lowest cards and are worth 1 point each. Cards from 2 to 9 are worth their numerical face values. 10s and face cards (jacks, queens and kings) are each worth 0. Only the numeric value of each card is relevant in the main Baccarat game; Each card's suit (hearts, spades, clubs or diamonds) is irrelevant. Prior to each deal, you must place your bet on whether the Player or the Banker will win the round by having the hand with a value closest to 9. You also have the option to bet that the round will end in a Tie, which occurs when both the Player and Banker hold hands of equal value.The dealer begins by dealing two cards each to the Player and to the Banker. Two hands are dealt in Baccarat: one hand to the Player and one hand to the Banker. If the Player and Banker hold hands of equal value, the round ends in a tie. The Tie bet wins, and bets on the Player and Banker push (are returned). Each hand's value is calculated by dropping the tens digit in a hand otherwise worth 11 or more. For example, a 7 and a 9 is only worth 6 in Baccarat (because 16-10=6). Similarly, a face card plus a 9 will be worth 9. If the Player or the Banker receives an initial two-card hand worth 8 or a 9 (a "natural" 8 or 9), no additional cards will be dealt to either hand. If the Player and Banker receive initial two-card hands worth 0-7, the "Third Card Rule" is consulted to determine if a third card is to be dealt to either hand or both hands. The Player always goes first . Player's Hand Player's initial two-card hand 0-1-2-3-4-5 Player draws a third card. 6-7 Player stands. 8-9 (a "natural") No third card to either hand. Banker's Hand Banker’s initial two-card Value of third card drawn by Player No third card 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 0 D D D D D D D D D D D 1 D D D D D D D D D D D 2 D D D D D D D D D D D 3 D D D D D D D D D S D 4 D S S D D D D D D S S 5 D S S S S D D D D S S 6 S S S S S S S D D S S 7 S S S S S S S S S S S 8 S S S S S S S S S S S 9 S S S S S S S S S S S D – Draw; S – Stand If the Player's hand stands on a 6 or 7, then a Banker hand totalling 3, 4 or 5 must draw, while a Banker hand totalling 6 must stand. Whoever gets the hand closest to a total of 9 wins. Squeeze If you are playing at a Baccarat Squeeze table, the manner in which the dealer reveals cards depends on wagers that have been placed in the round. The dealer will quickly reveal cards for the hand associated with the lesser total wager and will squeeze cards dealt to the hand associated with the greatest total wagered amount. If the total wager for both hands is equal, the dealer will squeeze all cards dealt to both hands. Side Bets Note: some of Side Bets could be disabled for some of licensees Side Bet Description Player Pair Pays if the first two cards dealt to the Player constitute a pair. Banker Pair Pays if the first two cards dealt to the Banker constitute a pair. Perfect Pair Pays 25:1 if two identical cards (in terms of value and suit) are dealt as the first two cards to either the Banker or the Player. Pays 200:1 if two identical cards (in terms of value and suit) are dealt as the first two cards to both the Banker and the Player. Either Pair Pays if the first two cards dealt to either the Banker or the Player are equal in value or the same in suit. Player Bonus Pays when the Player wins the round on a natural 8 or 9 or by at least four points. Banker Bonus Pays when the Banker wins the round on a natural 8 or 9 or by at least four points. Payouts Note: some of Payouts might be disabled for some of licensees Your payout depends on the type of bet placed. BET PAYS Player 1:1 Banker 0:95:1 Tie 8:1 Player Pair 11:1 Banker Pair 11:1 Perfect Pair One pair: 25:1 Two pairs: 200:1 Either Pair 5:1 Player/Banker Bonus Hand Combination Odds Non-Natural hand wins by 9 points, 30:1 Non-Natural hand wins by 8 points, 10:1 Non-Natural hand wins by 7 points, 6:1 Non-Natural hand wins by 6 points, 4:1 Non-Natural hand wins by 5 points, 2:1 Non-Natural hand wins by 4 points, 1:1 Natural win, 1:1 Natural tie, Push Please note that any malfunction voids the game round and all eventual payouts for the round. Bets will be returned. Return to Player The optimal theoretical return-to-player percentage for Baccarat Live from Borgata is 98.94%. The following table displays the return-to-player percentage on the different optional side bets. Side Bet Return to Player Banker Pair 89.64% Player Pair 89.64% Perfect Pair 91.95% Either Pair 86.29% Player Bonus 97.35% Banker Bonus 90.63% Place Bets The BET LIMITS panel displays the minimum and maximum stakes permitted on table in total. You will be notified on screen if you attempt to place a bet that exceeds the limit for that type of bet. If you place a bet that is less than the minimum limit, your bet will be rejected when betting time has expired. If you place several bets and only some of them are less than the minimum limit, only the bets that do not meet minimum requirements will be rejected. To participate in the game, you must have sufficient funds to cover your bets. You can see your current BALANCE on your screen. The TRAFFIC LIGHTS tell you the current status in the game round by informing you of when you can bet (GREEN light), when the betting time is nearly over (YELLOW light), and when betting time has expired (RED light). The CHIP DISPLAY allows you to select the value of each chip you wish to bet. Only chips of denominations that can be covered by your current balance will be enabled. This display will only be illuminated for use when betting time remains (the light is green or yellow). When betting time has expired (red light), the chip display is turned off so no additional chips can be selected. Once you have selected a chip, place your bet by simply clicking/tapping the betting spot on the game table labelled Player, Banker, Tie or with the side bet you desire (if applicable). Each time you click/tap the betting spot, the amount of your bet will increase by the value of the selected chip. NOTE: Please do not minimize your browser or open any other tab in your browser while betting time remains and you have placed bets on the table. Such actions will be interpreted as leaving the game, and your bets will therefore be declined for that particular game round. The DOUBLE (2x) button allows you to quickly double your bet. This button is enabled after you have placed any bet. The DOUBLE (2x) button allows to Double the bet up to the maximum limit. You can double your bet only once. The REPEAT button allows you to repeat all bets from the previous game round. The UNDO button removes the last bet you placed. You can click/tap the UNDO button repeatedly to remove bets, one by one, in the reverse order of which they were placed. Note that bets can only be removed while betting time still remains (GREEN or YELLOW light). The TOTAL BET indicator displays the total amount of all bets placed in the current round. Bet Statistics The total wager placed on a particular bet spot is shown as well as the number of players who placed bets on the spot. The percentages of all bets placed on the Banker, the Player or on a Tie are also shown. You can choose to hide these statistics under Game Settings. Chat You can chat with the dealer and other players. Enter your message in the CHAT field. To post your message, press Enter or the arrow button within the field. Use the CHAT button to enlarge or alternatively, to close the chat window. You can resize and move the chat window anywhere on your screen. Scoreboards Baccarat streaks and trends for either the Player or the Banker using a particular shoe are recorded in various scoreboards. These pictorial representations of past round results and other statistics regarding the current shoe may be of help to you in predicting the results of future rounds. The BEAD ROAD and BIG ROAD display the results of each past round, while the Big Eye Road, Small Road and Cockroach Road display patterns derived from the BIG ROAD . Roads and shoe statistics are always cleared when a new shoe is introduced. BEAD ROAD Each cell in the BEAD ROAD represents the result of a past round. The result of the earliest round is recorded in the upper left corner. Read the column downwards all the way to the bottom; then start at the top of the adjacent column to the right and so forth. A solid red cell indicates a Banker win. A solid blue cell represents a Player win. A solid green cell represents a Tie. A red dot in the top left corner of a cell means the Banker had a pair. A blue dot in the bottom right corner of a cell means the Player had a pair. You can change the Bead Road display from English to Simplified Chinese or Score Mode by clicking/tapping it anywhere. BIG ROAD In the BIG ROAD, the result of the earliest round is recorded in the upper left corner. A new column is created each time the Banker’s winning streak changes in favour of the Player, or vice versa. A cell outlined in red indicates a Banker win. A cell outlined in blue indicates a Player win. A Tie is recorded as a green line through the cell for the preceding round. If the first round is a Tie, the green line will appear first, and the red or blue outline will appear around the line once the Player or Banker wins a round. If there are two or more consecutive tie rounds, the number on line will show the number of ties. DERIVED ROADS For the true Baccarat enthusiast, the Big Eye Road , Small Road and Cockroach Road are included to display patterns derived from past results recorded in the BIG ROAD. The Big Eye Road uses outlined circles, the Small Road uses solid circles, and the Cockroach road uses slashes. However, in these derived roads, the colours red and blue do not correspond to Banker and Player wins, and there is no way to discern ties or pairs. In derived roads, red entries are a sign of repetition, whereas blue entries signal a more erratic, "choppy" shoe. The derived roads do not start at the very beginning of the shoe. They start with the hand following the first hand in the second, third and fourth columns of the BIG ROAD. Once a derived road starts, an additional red or blue symbol is added after every round. SHOE STATISTICS The following statistics based on the current shoe are displayed for you: Total - The number of completed rounds thus far. Banker - The number of Banker wins thus far. Player - The number of Player wins thus far. Tie - The number of tie rounds thus far. Banker (Pair): The number of Banker pairs thus far. Player (Pair): The number of Player pairs thus far. ROAD PROBING TABLE The Road PROBING Table displays the icon that will be added to the three derived roads if the next round is won by the Banker or the Player. Click the Banker (B) or Player (P) button to see the icon that will be added in the roads if the next round is won by the Banker or the Player. Game Number Each game round is identified by a unique GAME NUMBER . This number reflects when the round began in terms of GMT by hour: minute: second. Please use this game number for reference (or take a screenshot of the game number) if you wish to contact Customer Service regarding a particular round. Sound The SOUND button will mute/un-mute all game sounds and voice from the game. Note that if you change tables, the sound will automatically un-mute. You can alter your sound settings by clicking/tapping the SETTINGS button and then selecting the SOUND tab. Game History The HISTORY button will launch a window showing all live game rounds you have played and the results of those rounds. You can review your past gaming activity by viewing your: ACCOUNT HISTORY – Shows your complete account history as a list of dates, games, bet amounts and payouts. The game round completed most recently appears at the top of the list. GAME HISTORY – Shows your history related to a particular game once you tap/click the game in the GAME column. Settings The SETTINGS button launches a menu of user-changeable settings. Your chosen settings will be applied at once and will be stored to your profile. Stored settings will be launched automatically when you log in from any device. You can alter settings to change your general game settings. Settings are organised under several main tabs in the SETTINGS window: GENERAL You can hide/unhide other players’ chat messages. You can enable additional SIDE BETS. VIDEO Your video quality is auto-adjusted, but you can manually change your video quality by selecting specific stream. SOUND You can mute/unmute your DEALER’S VOICE and GAME SOUND and adjust their relative volumes. SCORECARDS You can choose you preferable background colour of scorecards. Deposit & Withdraw The CASHIER button will open the cashier/banking window for deposits and withdrawals. Responsible Gaming The RESPONSIBLE GAMING button allows you to access the page outlining the Responsible Gaming policy. This page provides useful information and links regarding responsible online gaming behaviour and informs you of how to set limitations to your game sessions. Error Handling If there is any error in the game, gambling system or game procedure, the game round will be temporarily paused while the dealer notifies the shift manager. You and other players will be notified via Chat, or by an on-screen pop-up message, that the issue is being investigated. If the manager can immediately resolve the error, the game round will continue as normal. If immediate resolution is not possible, the game round will be cancelled and initial bets will be refunded to all players who participated in the game round. Shuffling Game-play continues until the cut card is dealt. Subsequently, the cards are shuffled by a dealer or a shuffler. If a shuffle table is available, then two shoes with two sets of playing cards are used at the table. In this case, the dealer swaps the shoes, and the shuffle is performed by a shuffler at the shuffling table while the dealer continues to host the game round. More Games The LIVE LOBBY button (if applicable) can be selected at any time from any game. It allows you to easily change game table or select any other live game. You will not be removed from this table until you have actually selected the new table you wish to join. You can use the LIVE LOBBY to browse other games while still playing at your current table. Multi-Game Play (if available) If you enjoy non-stop action, you can join up to 4 different game tables simultaneously and view them all in the same browser window! After you have joined at least one game table, click on LIVE LOBBY to go to the lobby. In the lobby, hover your cursor over the table you would like to join and click the + button associated with that table to join it. (Certain tables may be unavailable for multi-game play and will therefore display no + button.) After you have joined multiple tables, you will be able to resize your browser window as a whole, but you will not be able to resize each game table window separately. You can exit any table without affecting your presence at other tables you have joined. To exit a table, click the X button that appears when you hover your cursor over the table window. Please note: The X button to exit a table is not accessible when the table is displayed in full-screen mode. You will exit a table automatically if you should join the same table through a different device/browser. If you click directly on a table icon instead of the + button, you will merely switch tables instead of joining the chosen table in addition to the table you joined previously. We kindly advise you to join only as many tables as your screen can accommodate while still allowing you to place bets deliberately and accurately. Malfunction Voids all pays and plays. Shortcut Keys Shortcut keys can be used to quickly perform useful game functions. KEY FUNCTION Number Keys 1-6 Select the desired chip from the chip display. “1” corresponds to the leftmost chip with the lowest value and “6” to the rightmost chip with the highest value. SPACEBAR Repeat your most recent bet. Click SPACEBAR a second time to double your bet. CTRL+Z (CMD+Z) Undo your last bet. DELETE (Backspace) Undo your last bet. DELETE (Backspace)– hold 3 seconds Undo your last bet. Hold DELETE for 3 seconds to remove all your bets. ESC When applicable, the ESC can be used to: · Exit full-screen mode, · Close an open pop-up window (History, Help, Settings, etc.), · Open the LIVE LOBBY.