Pyramid: The Quest of Immortality! Game Rules Pyramid: Quest for Immortality™ is a 720-bet way, 5-reel video slot featuring Wild substitutions, Wild generations, multipliers and the Avalanche™ Feature. The 5 reels are 3, 4, 5, 4, 3 symbols high from left to right. The game is played on 720 bet ways, 1 - 10 levels (10 coins per level), and different coin values. There are no bet lines. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins available to wager. MAX BET plays the game at 720 bet ways, the highest bet level, and the current coin value. When playing at any lower bet level, MAX BET must be clicked twice to play the round at the selected level. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE . Matching symbols in any position on three or more adjacent reels, starting from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel, is a bet way win. Bet way wins pay if in succession from leftmost reel to right. Only the longest matching combination per symbol is paid. More bet way wins are created when additional instances of the symbol appear on the same reels that create the longest bet way win. A symbol win in coins is equal to the value shown in the PAYTABLE multiplied by the bet level and the amount of times that symbol appears on each of the reels. Simultaneous wins for different symbols are added. A bet way win in coins is equal to the value shown in the PAYTABLE multiplied by the bet level. A bet way win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Game Information: The minimum bet amount is EUR 0.1 and the maximum bet amount is EUR 200. Example of a Way to Win payout at level 1 3 matching Pharaoh symbols on adjacent reels starting from the leftmost reel award 5 coins. This is multiplied by 2 (for 2 Pharaoh symbols on reel 3), giving a total win of 2 x 5 = 10 coins. Avalanche™ Feature The symbols fall into position in the reels, instead of spinning. A bet way win starts an Avalanche. Symbols in winning combinations explode and disappear, leaving space for a second Avalanche of symbols for a chance of bigger wins. The Avalanches continue until there are no more wins. Wild Wild symbols substitute for all symbols. Wild symbols substitute for the highest possible winning combination on a bet way according to the PAYTABLE . The Wild Generation A symbol that lands on the top of reels 2, 3 or 4 and is part of a winning combination, turns into a Wild symbol for the next Avalanche. Wild symbols that are situated on the top of reels 2, 3 or 4 and that are involved in a winning combination will not disappear, but will remain being Wilds for the next Avalanche. Multiplier The Avalanche Multiplier increases by 1 with every 3 successive Avalanches containing at least one bet way win, up to a maximum multiplier of x10. The multiplier remains at the maximum for the subsequent Avalanches until there are no more wins. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to open the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to open the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or open the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the PAYTABLE pages. Click to go back to the main game. Click to view the PAYTABLE . Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Intro Screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stop Autoplay when you win in a round. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay options. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Wild Wild Avalanche Avalanche Last modification date: 5/29/2025