SuperStars Superstars™ is a 5-reel, 5-row video slot featuring the Bonus Game with Bonus features, the Wheel Game, and the Final Game. The game also has the Buy Feature that can be used to activate the Bonus Game. The game is played with 45 bet lines (fixed) and different bet values. BET is the amount of cash to bet. The bet value is set by clicking the Bet Settings button and selecting the bet. BALANCE displays the amount of cash available to bet. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Symbol payout values shown in the Paytable are dynamic and change in accordance with the selected bet value. A bet line win is equal to the value shown in the Paytable multiplied by any applicable multipliers. Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. Wild Symbol Wild symbols can appear anywhere on the reels in the main game and substitute for all symbols except Scatter symbols and Dice symbols. Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the Paytable. Bonus Game 3 or more Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on the reels in the main game activate the Bonus Game. In the main game, Dice symbols substitute for Scatter symbols. A single Dice symbol can appear only on the reel 5 each spin. At the start of the Bonus Game, the Dice symbol and all Scatter symbols that activated the Bonus Game turn into random prizes of 1 to 25 times the bet. If the Bonus Game was activated with a Dice symbol, 1 dice is added to the dice counter at the start of the Bonus Game. In the Bonus Game, every position on the reels spins individually. The locked positions do not spin. The starting number of spins in the Bonus Game is 3. All spins in the Bonus Game are free. In the Bonus Game, only random prizes of 1 to 25 times the bet and Dice symbols can appear on the reels. All prizes remain locked on the reels until the end of the Bonus Game unless the Finn feature is activated. Every time a random prize appears on the reels, its position becomes locked, and the number of spins is reset back to 3. If the Extra Spins feature is active, the number of spins is reset to 4. Each Dice symbol appearing on the reels in the Bonus Game awards 1 dice that is collected to the dice counter. If there is 1 or more dice on the dice counter at the start of a spin in the Bonus Game, six-sided dice are rolled 1 at a time before the spin until there are no more dice on the dice counter. After the dice is rolled, it is removed from the dice counter, and a token moves 1 to 6 squares on the game board according to the number on the rolled dice. The game board consists of 24 squares, including 12 squares with Bonus features. The initial position of the token is the Start square. The token landing on a Bonus feature square after rolling the dice activates the respective Bonus feature. When all the positions on the reels become locked, the Final Game is immediately activated without playing out any activated feature until the end. The Bonus Game is played at the same bet as the round that activated the Bonus Game. The total win from the Bonus Game equals the sum of prizes awarded during the Bonus Game. At the end of the Bonus Game, the total win from the Bonus Game is added to any wins from the round that activated the Bonus Game. If the Final Game is activated, any wins from the Final Game are added to the total win from the Bonus Game. The Bonus Game ends when there are no more spins left on the spins counter and no more dice left on the dice counter after the spin. If the Final Game is activated, the Bonus Game ends after the Final Game is played. After the Bonus Game, the game returns to the round that activated the Bonus Game. Bonus Features Extra Spins Feature When the Extra Spins feature is activated, the maximum number of spins and the number of spins left on the spins counter increases to 4. The Extra Spins feature can be activated only once per Bonus Game and the maximum number of spins on the spins counter remains upgraded until the end of the Bonus Game. Extra Life Feature The token landing on or passing the Start square after rolling the dice activates the Extra Life feature that awards 1 Extra Life heart to be added to the heart counter. When the spins counter and the dice counter reach 0 after the spin, the Extra Life heart is removed from the heart counter and is used to reset the number of spins back to 3 (or to 4 if the Extra Spins feature is activated). Starburst Feature In the Starburst feature, a vertical stack of 3 equal prizes with values of 2 to 5 times the bet is placed on the reels. At least one of the prizes from the stack is always placed on top of an existing prize. If any of the prizes is placed on top of another prize, they merge, and the resulting prize is assigned a value equal to the product of the merged prizes values. Space Wars Feature In the Space Wars feature, 3 Space Wars Respins are awarded. At the start of Space Wars Respins, the 3 highest values are chosen from the values of the prizes on the reels. All the symbols that can appear on the reels during Space Wars Respins are assigned one of these values. Finn Feature In the Finn feature, the values of 1 to 5 random prizes on the reels are increased by 5. The increased prizes are then added together and randomly take one of their initial positions on the reels, leaving the rest of their positions empty. Gonzo Feature In the Gonzo feature, 1 to 24 random prizes on the reels are multiplied by x2, x3, or x5. Only 1 multiplier can be applied per prize. The value of the multiplier for each random prize is determined randomly. Miss Banks Feature In the Miss Banks feature, 4 to 15 prizes with values of 1 to 5 times the bet are placed on the reels. Only one prize can be placed on each position on the reels. If a prize is placed on top of another prize, they merge, and the resulting prize is assigned a value equal to the sum of the merged prizes values. Wheel Game In the Wheel Game, you spin the wheel only once per Wheel Game and one of the following features is randomly activated: 1 Dice feature: 1 additional dice is added to the dice counter. 2 Dice feature: 2 additional dice are added to the dice counter. Random feature. In the Random feature, one of the following features is randomly activated: the Starburst feature, the Space Wars feature, the Finn feature, the Gonzo feature, or the Miss Banks feature. Replay feature: the next activated feature is activated twice. The Replay feature applies to the Starburst feature, the Space Wars feature, the Gonzo feature, the Finn feature, and the Miss Banks feature, activated both from the game board or the Wheel Game. The Replay feature can also double the win from one of the game board squares that has been assigned a value in the previously activated Upgrade feature. Namely, when the token lands on such a square, its value will be added to all the prizes on the reels twice. + 1 feature: a value of every prize on the reels is increased by 1. Upgrade feature: all squares without a Bonus feature on the game board are assigned a value of 1 time the bet. Each next time the Upgrade feature is activated in the Wheel Game the values of all squares without a Bonus feature are increased by 1. Until the end of the Bonus Game, when the token lands on a square that has been assigned a value in the Upgrade feature, the values of all prizes on the reels are increased by that square’s value. Final Game In the Final Game, a new game board replaces the old one. All the squares on the game board are assigned prizes of 25, 50, 75, 100, 500, or 1000 times the bet, except for 2 squares that award an additional dice every time the token lands on them. In the Final Game, the reels are disabled, only dice are rolled. The token moves 1 to 6 squares on the game board according to the number on the rolled dice, starting from the bottom left square. Every prize collected when the token lands on the corresponding square is added to the total win from the Bonus Game. Every dice collected when the token lands on the corresponding square is added to the dice counter. At the start of the Final Game, the dice of the bottom left square is added to the initial number of dice to roll in the Final Game. The initial number of dice to roll in the Final Game is counted as follows: The number of dice left on the dice counter before the Final Game started + the maximum number of spins reached in the Bonus Game (3 or 4) + the number of Extra Life hearts left on the heart counter before the Final Game started multiplied by the maximum number of spins reached in the Bonus Game. Example: The number of dice left on the dice counter before the Final Game started is 1. The maximum number of spins reached in the Bonus Game is 4. And 2 Extra Life hearts are left on the heart counter before the Final Game. The initial number of dice for the Final Game is 1+4+2x4 =13. The bottom left square awards 1 dice making a total of 13+1=14. If the Replay feature was activated in the Wheel Game and was not used before the Final Game started, the initial number of dice awarded at the start of the Final Game is multiplied by 2 before the dice of the bottom left square is added to it. Buy Feature The Bonus Game can be activated with the Buy Feature. Activating the Bonus Game with the Buy Feature costs 150 times the bet. When the Bonus Game is activated with the Buy Feature, one free main game spin that is guaranteed to activate the Bonus Game is played. Game Functions Spin Click to start a game round at the current bet value. Stop Click to skip game round animations where possible. Quick Spin Click to turn quick spin on or off. Autoplay Click to choose the number of Autoplay rounds and advanced Autoplay settings. Stop Autoplay If Autoplay rounds have been chosen, the remaining number of rounds is displayed on the counter. Click the counter to stop Autoplay. When the Spin button is visible, the counter is displayed on the Spin button. Bet Settings Click to set the bet value. Buy Feature Click to buy the Bonus Game. Sound Click to mute the game sound or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Paytable Click to view winning combinations and payouts. Menu Click to access the game settings and game information. Exit Click to leave the game Bonus Game Roll Dice Click to roll the dice. Spin Click to spin the wheel. Game Settings and Game Information Game Settings Click to view the game settings menu. Quick spin : Turns the quick spin option on or off. Spacebar to spin : Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game Rules Click to view the game rules. Game History Click to view your latest game history. The game history is available only when playing for money. Note: The game history might be displayed with a delay. Advanced Autoplay Settings To set advanced Autoplay settings, click on the Autoplay button and choose the number of Autoplay rounds. Then click Advanced Settings to choose one or more stop conditions. To start the Autoplay rounds, click on the Spin button. The text on the button is displayed in the current game language. On any win . Stops Autoplay when you win in a round. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If balance increases by . Stops Autoplay if balance increases by the amount you specify. If balance decreases by . Stops Autoplay if balance decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all chosen Autoplay stop conditions. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some Autoplay settings are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Close Click to go back to the main game. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the Operator’s website. For more information, refer to the Operator’s website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the game's hardware/software, all affected game bets are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Last modification date: 5/14/2025