Dazzle Me Dazzle Me™ is a delightful video slot with 5 distinctive reels and a dazzling 76 bet lines. The game features Dazzling Wild Reels, Free Spins and Linked Reels. The game is played with 76 bet lines (fixed), 1-10 bet levels (20 coins per level), different coin values and bet values. The game can be played with cash or coins. To switch between cash and coins, go to the Game Settings. Note: Not all betting modes are available in all casinos. BET is the amount of coins or cash to bet. When playing with coins, the bet value is set by clicking the Bet Settings button and selecting the coin value and the bet level. When playing with cash, the bet value is set by clicking the Bet Settings button and selecting the bet. BALANCE displays the amount of cash or coins available to bet. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. The probability of winning the maximum prize is 0.000033828%. Dazzling Wild Reels Dazzling Wild Reels randomly appear during the main game as an overlay reel with only Wild symbols. 1-5 reels can turn into Dazzling Wild Reels. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except for Free Spin symbols. Free Spins The Free Spin symbol is a Scatter symbol. 3 or more Free Spin symbols appearing anywhere on the reels in the main game activates Free Spins. 3 Free Spin symbols = 8 Free Spins 4 Free Spin symbols = 12 Free Spins 5 Free Spin symbols = 16 Free Spins Free Spin wins are added to any bet line wins. At the end of Free Spins, the game returns to the round that activated Free Spins. Additional Free Spins cannot be won during Free Spins. Linked Reels The Linked Reels feature appears during Free Spins only. At the beginning of each spin, identical linked reels appear adjacently on any of reels 1-4. The right reel is a copy of the left reel, with reel 1 linked to reel 2 and/or reel 3 linked to reel 4. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Spin Button Click to start a game round at the current bet value. Stop Button Click to stop the game round. Bet Settings Click to set the bet value or coin value and bet level. Coin Value and Level When playing with coins, use the Coin Value and Level selectors to set the bet value. The text on the selectors is displayed in the current game language. Paytable Click to view winning combinations and payouts. Sound Click to mute the game sound or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Menu Click to access the game settings and game information. Game Settings and Game Information Game Settings Click to view the game settings menu. Intro Screen : Turns the intro screen on or off. Intro movie : Turns the intro movie on or off. Spacebar to spin : Turns the spacebar function on or off. Show bet in cash : Switches between bet in cash and bet in coins. Game Rules Click to view the game rules. Game History Click to view your latest game history. The game history is available only when playing for money. Note: The game history might be displayed with a delay. Close Click to go back to the main game. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the Casino Operator’s website. For more information, refer to the Casino Operator’s website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. Malfunction voids all pays and plays In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Dazzling Wild Reels Dazzling Wild Reels Linked Reels Linked Reels Free Spins Free Spins Scatter Scatter