Starburst Starburst™ is a 5-reel, 3-row video slot featuring the Starburst™ Wild with re-spins, and win both ways. The game is played with 10 bet lines (fixed), and different bet and coin values. The game can be played with cash or coins. Bet is the number of coins or cash bet per spin. When playing with cash, BALANCE displays the amount of cash available to wager. When playing with coins, COINS displays the amount of coins available to bet. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown in the Paytable multiplied by the bet level. A bet line win in cash is equal to the value shown in the Paytable. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Starburst™ Wild symbols substitute for all symbols. Only the highest win per active bet line from both ways is paid. Bet line wins pay when in succession from both leftmost to right and rightmost to left. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. Game History is not available when PLAYING FOR FUN . The probability of winning the maximum prize is 0.0026%. Starburst™ Wilds The Starburst™ Wild symbols can only appear on reels 2, 3 and 4. One or more Starburst™ Wilds appearing anywhere on reels 2, 3, or 4 activates the Starburst™ Wild feature. During the Starburst™ Wild feature, the Starburst™ Wilds expand to cover the entire reel and remain in place while the other reels re-spin. If a new Starburst™ Wild appears during a re-spin, it expands and holds in place together with any previously expanded Starburst™ Wilds for another re-spin. The Starburst™ Wild feature ends when no new Starburst™ Wilds appear during a re-spin. Up to 2 additional Starburst™ Wild symbols can appear after a Starburst™ Wild activates a re-spin, triggering an additional re-spin, or a maximum of 3 re-spins. Re-spins are played at the same bet as the round activating the re-spins. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet value. Click to view the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click the arrows pointing to the left or the right to scroll through the paytable pages. Click the center button to return to the game. Click to view the Paytable. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Intro screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history. (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Malfunction voids all pays and plays Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the Casino Operator’s website. For more information, refer to the Casino Operator’s website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Wild Wild Last modification date: 5/21/2025