Lucky Streak MK2 Introducing the game: Lucky Streak Mk2 is a five-reel video slot with 20 fixed lines. Win on different lines are added together. Highest win paid per line. See PAYS for further information. Auto play: To set up Auto play press the Auto button. This will display Auto play panel which the player can use to modify the number of spins, set a loss limit or set a win limit. When a loss limit has been set the player can select Start to commence auto play. When Auto play is on, the Play button will change to a Stop button. The remaining Auto plays will be displayed in the Stop button. The player can cancel Auto play by clicking the Stop button. Auto play will stop automatically if any of the limits set is reached or anything occurs that requires player intervention. Auto play may not be available in your jurisdiction. HOW TO PLAY: Select your stake by clicking the left and right arrow buttons on the stake. The stake value is displayed in the stake display. Press the Play button to start the spin at the stake displayed. The reels will spin and then come to stop, displaying the result. NUMBER TRAIL: The total of all numbers displayed on symbols will be shown on the Number Trail. Payouts are in multiples of stake per line. CASH STOPPA BONUS: A total of 11 or above on the Number Trail triggers the Cash Stoppa Trail. Press CASH STOPPA to advance until Collect lights. Payouts are in multiples of stake per line. If REPEAT CHANCE lights then the Cash Stoppa Trail is restarted. SCATTER: The Scatter symbol can occur in any of the five reels. Scatter wins are added to line wins. 3 or more Scatters in any position award the Lucky Streak Trail. LUCKY STREAK TRAIL: Press STOP to win up to 15 Free Spins. Each Free Spin contains a guaranteed win Free Spins will play automatically when the trail is stopped. Every Free Spin contains a guaranteed win. LUCKY STREAK FREE SPINS: The stake that was used to trigger the Free Spins will be used for the free spins duration At the end of the Free Spins, the total winnings for the spins will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited into the players account and regular play then resumes. FREE SPINS RETRIGGER: During the Free Spins, 3 or more Scatters in any position retriggers the Lucky Streak Trail. Additional Lucky Steak Free Spins will be added to the current total. General Information: The outcomes for the Cash Stoppa Trail and the Lucky Streak Trail are predetermined and have no bearing on the player's skill or timing. System malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 4/2/2025