Millionaire Introducing the game Millionaire is a six-reel video slot with reacting wins featuring Big Time Gaming’s unique Megaways™. How to play Select your stake by clicking the left and right arrow buttons on the stake. The stake value is displayed in the stake display. All payouts are multiplied by the stake of each individual spin. Auto play To set up Auto play press the Auto button. This will display Auto play panel which the player can use to modify the number of spins, set a loss limit or set a win limit. When a loss limit has been set the player can select Start to commence auto play. When Auto play is on, the Play button will change to a Stop button. The remaining Auto plays will be displayed in the Stop button. The player can cancel Auto play by clicking the Stop button. Auto play will stop automatically if any of the limits set is reached or anything occurs that requires player intervention. Auto play may not be available in your jurisdiction. Start the spin Press the Play button to start the spin at the stake displayed. The reels will spin and then come to stop, displaying the result. Bonus Buy Press the Bonus Buy button to access the Bonus Buy menu. You may buy 10 Free Spins for 75 times the Free Spins Stake, or 20 Free Spins for 150 times the Free Spins Stake. The Free Spins Stake can be changed by pressing the plus and minus buttons on the Free Spins Stake display. The Free Spins Stake will apply to each Free Spin. Press the price to buy the bonus for that price. The price will be deducted from your balance. Bonus Buy may be limited or unavailable in your jurisdiction. Extra Reel The extra reel adds a symbol to the reel it is below for reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. Reactions Every winning symbol is part of a reaction and is replaced by symbols coming from above on the reels and from the right in the extra reel. Symbol Wins A win is matching consecutive symbols, regardless of height, from left to right starting from left most reel. Highest win paid per winning combination. All winning combinations are added together. See PAYS for further information. Wild Wilds substitute every symbol except Scatter. Wilds are only present in the extra reel. Scatter The Millionaire Scatter symbol can appear in any of the six vertical reels. Get three Scatters to win eight Free Spins and start the Hot Seat Free Spins Gamble. Each additional Scatter moves you up a rung in the Hot Seat Free Spins Gamble prize ladder. Hot Seat Free Spins Gamble The Hot Seat Free Spins Gamble gives you the chance to win up to 50 Free Spins. The gamble prize ladder has 12 rungs. The rung values are 8, 10, 12, 14, 16, 18, 20, 22, 25, 30, 40, and 50 Free Spins. The starting rung is determined by the number of Scatters that triggered the feature. Rung 1 for 3 Scatters, Rung 2 for 4 Scatters, and so on. Rung 2 and Rung 7 are safety net rungs. Reaching these rungs guarantee at least 10 and 20 Free Spins respectively. Walk Away / Final Answer To start Free Spins without gambling press WALK AWAY. To gamble select an answer from A, B, C or D and press FINAL ANSWER. A successful gamble moves you up a rung up the prize ladder. An unsuccessful gamble exits the feature with 0, 10 or 20 Free Spins depending on the ladder rung reached. WALK AWAY is disabled at rung 2 and rung 7 because these are risk free gambles. Lifelines A Lifeline is given at each gamble. The Lifelines are 50:50, Phone a Friend, and Ask the Audience. 50:50 removes two incorrect answers. Phone a Friend reveals the most likely answer and its chance of being correct. Ask the Audience reveals the chance of being correct for each answer. Free Spins During Free Spins there is an unlimited win multiplier which starts at 1 and is increased by 1 after each reaction. Free Spin Scatter symbols can appear in the extra reel and will award extra Free Spins. The stake that was used to trigger the Free Spins will be used for the Free Spins duration. At the end of the Free Spins, the total winnings for the spins will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited into the players account and regular play then resumes. Free Spin Scatter The Free Spin Scatter symbol can appear in the extra reel during Free Spins. 3 Scatters = 4 extra Free Spins. 4 Scatters = 8 extra Free Spins. Return to Player (RTP) The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Values are calculated initially by dividing the total payouts by the total bets from a simulation of numerous game rounds. Values reflect the maximum expected RTP and do not change. The RTP is defined at different stages or modes of the game. Overall RTP: 94.61% Bonus Buy RTP: 94.63% General Information The optimal strategy is to choose the answer indicated by the Phone a Friend Lifeline and to choose an answer with the highest percentage in the Ask the Audience Lifeline. In the event of a non-responsive game or problem during a spin, the game will repeat the incomplete spin and display the result to the player when the game is next launched. Incomplete games will be automatically resolved after 30 minutes. Any winnings resulting from automatic resolve shall be paid to player's account. System malfunction voids all pays and plays. Additional Information All unfinished game rounds, regardless of whether further player activity is required, shall be auto completed after thirty (30) minutes of inactivity. All winnings and/or loses from the auto completed rounds shall subsequently be deposited or withdrawn, as required, from the player's account. The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the Operator's website. For more information, refer to the Operator's website: • The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. • In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. Last modification date: 8/26/2025