BetMGM Baccarat Gold Game Objective The objective of BetMGM Baccarat Gold is to predict whose hand will win by having the value closest to 9. Game Rules The game is hosted by a dealer and is played with eight standard 52-card decks. Card values are as follows: Aces are the lowest cards and are worth 1 point each. Cards from 2 to 9 are worth their numerical face values. 10s and face cards (Jacks, Queens, and Kings) are each worth 0. Only the numeric value of each card is relevant in the main Baccarat game; each card’s suit (Hearts, Spades, Clubs, or Diamonds) is irrelevant. Before each deal, you must place your bet on whether the Player or the Banker will win the round by having the hand with a value closest to 9. If you believe that both the Player and the Banker will hold hands of equal value, you also have the option to bet on a Tie. In addition, you can also bet on the Player/Banker Pair (P/B Pair), which will pay if the first two cards dealt to the Player/Banker constitute a pair. The dealer begins by dealing two cards each to the Player and the Banker. Two hands are dealt in Baccarat: one hand to the Player and one hand to the Banker. If the Player and Banker hold hands of equal value, the round ends in a tie. The Tie bet wins, and bets on the Player and Banker push (are returned). Each hand’s value is calculated by dropping the tens digit in a hand otherwise worth 10 or more. For example, a hand consisting of a 7 and a 9 is only worth 6 in Baccarat (because 16-10=6). Similarly, a face card plus a 9 will be worth 9. If the Player or the Banker receives an initial two-card hand worth 8 or 9 (a “natural” 8 or 9), no additional cards will be dealt to either hand. If the Player and Banker receive initial two-card hands worth 0–7, the “Third Card Rule” is consulted to determine if a third card is to be dealt to either hand or both hands. The Player always goes first. Player’s Hand Player’s Initial Two-Card Hand 0-1-2-3-4-5 Player draws a third card unless the Banker’s hand has a natural 8 or 9. 6-7 Player stands. 8–9 (a “natural”) No third card to either hand. Banker’s Hand Banker’s Initial Two-Card Hand Value of Third Card Drawn by Player No Third Card 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 0 D D D D D D D D D D D 1 D D D D D D D D D D D 2 D D D D D D D D D D D 3 D D D D D D D D D S D 4 D S S D D D D D D S S 5 D S S S S D D D D S S 6 S S S S S S S D D S S 7 S S S S S S S S S S S 8 S S S S S S S S S S S 9 S S S S S S S S S S S D — Draw; S — Stand If the Player’s hand stands on a 6 or 7, then a Banker’s hand totaling 3, 4, or 5 must draw, while a Banker’s hand totaling 6 must stand. Whoever gets a hand closest to a total of 9 wins. Side Bets Side Bet Description P Pair Pays if the first two cards dealt to the Player constitute a pair. The side bet can not be higher than 20% of the combined main bet if 312 cards are dealt. B Pair Pays if the first two cards dealt to the Banker constitute a pair. The side bet can not be higher than 20% of the combined main bet if 312 cards are dealt. Perfect Pair Pays 25:1 if two identical cards (in terms of value and suit) are dealt as the first two cards to either the Banker or the Player. Pays 200:1 if two identical cards (in terms of value and suit) are dealt as the first two cards to both the Banker and the Player. The side bet cannot be higher than half of the combined main bet. The side bet can not be higher than 20% of the combined main bet if 312 cards are dealt. Either Pair Pays if either the Banker’s or the Player’s hand is a pair. The side bet can not be higher than 20% of the combined main bet if 312 cards are dealt. P Bonus Pays when the Player wins the round on a natural 8 or 9 or by at least four points. The side bet cannot be higher than half of the combined main bet. The side bet can not be higher than 20% of the combined main bet if 312 cards are dealt. B Bonus Pays when the Banker wins the round on a natural 8 or 9 or by at least four points. The side bet cannot be higher than half of the combined main bet. The side bet can not be higher than 20% of the combined main bet if 312 cards are dealt. Note — the table above contains information about the number of dealt cards, after which the corresponding side bet will not exceed the main bet by the specified percentage. Payouts Your payout depends on the type of bet placed. Bet Payout Player 1:1 Banker* 0.95:1 Tie 8:1 P Pair 11:1 B Pair 11:1 Perfect Pair One hand: 25:1 Both hands: 200:1 Either Pair 5:1 P Bonus / B Bonus Hand Combination Odds Non-Natural hand wins by 9 points, 30:1 Non-Natural hand wins by 8 points, 10:1 Non-Natural hand wins by 7 points, 6:1 Non-Natural hand wins by 6 points, 4:1 Non-Natural hand wins by 5 points, 2:1 Non-Natural hand wins by 4 points, 1:1 Natural win, 1:1 Natural tie, Push *95% of your Banker bet is returned if the Banker wins Please note that any malfunction voids the game round and all eventual payouts for the round. Bets will be returned. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Red Envelope In random game rounds, you will be presented with a special Red Envelope gift that increases the payout values for the Tie, P Pair, or B Pair bet spots. If your bet wins and it coincides with the randomly selected Red Envelope bet spot, your payout will be increased. The increased random payout values are generated per bet spot within the following ranges: Bet Payout Tie 8–88:1 P Pair 11–88:1 B Pair 11–88:1 If any of your bets become a Red Envelope bet, you can view their payout in the History details of that round (column marked with the Red Envelope icon). Return to Player The optimal Return to Player (RTP) percentage for Baccarat is 98.94% * . The following table displays the Return to Player percentage on the different optional side bets. Bet Return to Player Player 98.76% Banker 98.94% Tie 85.64%–92.97% P Pair 89.64%–93.44% B Pair 89.64%–93.44% Perfect Pair 91.95% Either Pair 86.29% P Bonus 97.35% B Bonus 90.63% * RTP based on optimal strategy for Banker bet. Place Bets The BET LIMITS panel shows the minimum and maximum allowed bet limits at the table, which may change from time to time. Open the Bet Limits to check your current limits. BetMGM Baccarat Gold $⁩1⁩ – 10,000⁩ To participate in the game, you must have sufficient funds to cover your bets. You can see your current BALANCE on your screen. BALANCE ⁦⁦$⁩100,000⁩ In the Immersive view, the TIMER informs you of the duration of the betting time. After it expires, betting is closed and no more bets are accepted. In the classic view, the TRAFFIC LIGHTS tell you the current status in the game round by informing you when you can bet (GREEN light), when betting time is nearly over (YELLOW light), and when betting time has expired (RED light). PLACE YOUR BETS The CHIP DISPLAY allows you to select the value of each chip you wish to bet. Only chips of denominations that can be covered by your current balance will be enabled. Once you have selected a chip, place your bet by simply clicking/tapping the appropriate bet spot on the game table. Each time you click/tap the bet spot, the amount of your bet increases by the value of the selected chip or up to the maximum limit for the type of bet you have selected. Once you have bet the maximum limit, no additional funds will be accepted for that bet, and a message will appear above your bet to notify you that you have bet the maximum. NOTE: Please do not minimize your browser or open any other tab in your browser while betting time remains, and you have placed bets on the table. Such actions may be interpreted as leaving the game, and your bets will therefore be declined for that particular game round. The REPEAT button allows you to repeat all bets from the previous game round. This button is only available before the first chip is placed. REPEAT The DOUBLE (x2) button becomes available after you have placed any bet. Each click/tap doubles all your bets up to the maximum limit. Note that you must have a sufficient account balance to double ALL your placed bets. DOUBLE The UNDO button removes the last bet you placed. UNDO You can click/tap the UNDO button repeatedly to remove bets, one by one, in the reverse order in which they were placed. You can clear all your bets by holding the UNDO button. The TOTAL BET indicator displays the total amount of all bets placed in the current round. TOTAL BET ⁦⁦$⁩500⁩ Live Support Contact Live Support for game-related inquiries. Bet Statistics The total wager placed on a particular bet spot is shown as well as the number of players who placed bets on the spot. The percentages of all bets placed on the Banker, the Player, or a Tie are also shown. You can choose to hide these statistics under Game Settings. Chat Chat with other players and/or with a game presenter. Tipping Tipping lets you show gratitude to the game presenters for their good service. Scorecards Baccarat streaks and trends for either the Player or the Banker using a particular shoe are recorded on various scoreboards. These pictorial representations of past round results and other statistics regarding the current shoe may be of help to you in predicting the results of future rounds. The BEAD ROAD and BIG ROAD display the results of each past round, while the Big Eye Road , Small Road , and Cockroach Road display patterns derived from the BIG ROAD. Roads and shoe statistics are always cleared when a new shoe is introduced. BEAD ROAD Each cell in the BEAD ROAD represents the result of a past round. The result of the earliest round is recorded in the upper left corner. Read the column downwards all the way to the bottom; then start at the top of the adjacent column to the right and so forth. A solid red cell indicates a Banker win. A solid blue cell represents a Player win. A solid green cell represents a Tie. A red dot in the bottom right corner of a cell means the Banker had a pair. A blue dot in the top left corner of a cell means the Player had a pair. You can change the Bead Road display from English to Simplified Chinese or Score Mode by clicking/tapping it anywhere. BIG ROAD In the BIG ROAD, the result of the earliest round is recorded in the upper left corner. A new column is created each time the Banker’s winning streak changes in favor of the Player, or vice versa. A cell outlined in red indicates a Banker win. A cell outlined in blue indicates a Player win. A Tie is recorded as a green line through the cell for the preceding round. If the first round is a Tie, the green line will appear first, and the red or blue outline will appear around the line once the Player or Banker wins a round. If there are two or more consecutive tie rounds, the number on the line will show the number of ties. DERIVED ROADS For the true Baccarat enthusiast, the Big Eye Road, Small Road, and Cockroach Road are included to display patterns derived from past results recorded in the BIG ROAD. The Big Eye Road uses outlined circles, the Small Road uses solid circles, and the Cockroach Road uses slashes. However, in these derived roads, the colors red and blue do not correspond to Banker and Player wins, and there is no way to discern ties or pairs. In derived roads, red entries are a sign of repetition, whereas blue entries signal a more erratic, “choppy” shoe. The derived roads do not start at the very beginning of the shoe. They start with the hand following the first hand in the second, third, and fourth columns of the BIG ROAD. Once a derived road starts, an additional red or blue symbol is added after every round. SHOE STATISTICS The following statistics based on the current shoe are displayed for you: Total — the number of completed rounds thus far. Player — the number of Player wins thus far. Banker — the number of Banker wins thus far. Tie — the number of tie rounds thus far. Banker (Pair) — the number of Banker pairs thus far. Player (Pair) — the number of Player pairs thus far. ROAD PROBING TABLE The Road PROBING Table displays the icon that will be added to the three derived roads if the next round is won by the Banker or the Player. Click the Banker (B) or Player (P) button to see the icon that will be added to the roads if the next round is won by the Banker or the Player. Game Number Each game round is identified by a unique GAME NUMBER. 21:10:10 This number reflects when the game round began in terms of GMT by hour: minute: second . Please use this game number for the reference (or take a screenshot of the game number) if you wish to contact Customer Service regarding a particular round. Sound Sound controls all sounds in the game. Game History Game History displays your Evolution game rounds and results. Settings Settings let you customize user preferences that are saved to your profile. Responsible Gaming The RESPONSIBLE GAMING button allows you to access the page outlining the Responsible Gaming policy. This page provides useful information and links regarding responsible online gaming behavior and how to set limitations to your game sessions. Error Handling If there is an error in the game, system, or game procedure, the game round will be temporarily paused while the game host notifies the service manager. You and other players will be notified via Chat, or by an on-screen pop-up message, that the issue is being investigated. If the manager can immediately resolve the error, the game round will continue as normal. If immediate resolution is not possible, the game round will be canceled, and the initial bets will be refunded to all the players who participated in the game round. Disconnection Policy If you are disconnected from a game round, any placed bets remain valid and are settled in your absence. Upon reconnecting, you can view the bet outcomes in the History window. Shuffling Gameplay continues until the cut card is dealt. Subsequently, the cards are shuffled by a dealer or a shuffler. If a shuffle table is available, then two shoes with two sets of playing cards are used at the table. In this case, the dealer swaps the shoes, and the shuffle is performed by a shuffler at the shuffling table while the dealer continues to host the game round. More Games Evolution Lobby — easy game selection without exiting your current game until a new game is chosen. LOBBY Multi-Game Play If you enjoy non-stop action, you can join more than one game table — then view and play them simultaneously, all in the same browser window! After you have joined at least one game table, click on LOBBY. In the lobby or game, click the +TABLE button associated with that table to join it. Certain tables may be unavailable for multi-game play and will therefore not display a +TABLE button. TABLE After you have joined multiple tables, you will be able to resize your browser window as a whole, but you will not be able to resize each game table window separately. You can exit any table without affecting your presence at other tables you have joined. To exit a table, click the X button. Please note: You will automatically exit a table if you join the same table through a different device/browser. If you click directly on a table icon instead of the +TABLE button, you will merely switch tables instead of joining the chosen table in addition to the table you joined previously. We kindly advise you to join only as many tables as your screen can accommodate while still allowing you to place bets deliberately and accurately. Shortcut Keys Shortcut keys can be used to quickly perform useful game functions. Key Function Number Keys from 1 onwards Select the desired chip from the chip display. Key “1” corresponds to the leftmost chip with the lowest value. Key “2” selects the next highest value chip, and so on. SPACEBAR Repeat your most recent bet. Press SPACEBAR a second time to double your bet. CTRL+Z (CMD+Z), DELETE, BACKSPACE Undo your last bet. Hold for 3 seconds to remove all your bets. ESC When applicable, the ESC key can be used to: Exit the full-screen mode Close an open pop-up window (History, How To Play, Settings, etc.) Last modification date: 3/18/2026