Turn Your Fortune NetEnt™ excites the industry with Turn Your Fortune™ and its innovative Fortune Wins mechanics. The game is inspired by French Art Nouveau and creates a fresh feel of golden opulence with its magnificent intricate decor. In Fortune Wins the players collect symbols from the reels and go up the coin win ladder. The mechanics appears in both Fortune Re-Spins and Free Spins, and the players get wins both from the bet lines and from the Fortune Wins. The Fortune Wins can be up to 200x in Fortune Re-Spins and up to 2000x in Free Spins. And best of all, there is a chance to activate both Fortune Re-Spins and Free Spins on the same bet! GAMEDESIGN Fortune Wins Fortune Wins values The Fortune Wins is a coin win game in Fortune Re-Spins and Free Spins with 5 levels. Each level has 5 steps with increasing win values. The player starts at the lowest step and moves up by collecting symbols on the reels. If the Key symbol lands on the reels, the Fortune Wins levels up. All wins from the Fortune Wins are increased, including the win from the achieved step. Fortune Re-Spins FortuneRe-Spinsactivation FortuneRe-Spins 2 Scatter symbols in combination with a bet line win in the main game activate the Fortune Re-Spins with Fortune Wins. The winning symbol is the collectable symbol in Fortune Re-Spins. Only the collectable symbols and the Key symbols appear on the reels. All collectable symbols remain on the reels until the end of Fortune Re-Spins and are collected to fill the Fortune Wins meter . Each time the meter is filled up by 5 spaces, the player moves one step up the Fortune Wins. The Fortune Re-Spins end if during a Fortune Re-Spin no Key symbols or collectable symbols land on the reels, or when 20 collectable symbols are collected. FreeSpins Free Spins Wheel Free Spins 3 Scatter symbols in the main game activate the Free Spins with Fortune Wins. During Free Spins, each Scatter symbol awards one additional Free Spin. Before the start of the Free Spins, the player stops the 3-tier Free Spins Wheel. When the Free Spins Wheel stops, the position of its tiers defines the number of Free Spins won (7 to 13), the collectable symbol in Free Spins and the starting Fortune Wins level (2, 3 or 4). In Free Spins, all collectable symbols landing on the reels are collected to fill the Fortune Wins meter . The special +10 collectable symbol fills the meter by 10. Each time the meter is filled up by 20 spaces, the player moves one step up the Fortune Wins. The maximum win of a game round may be higher than the maximum coinciding win, since a game round may include several spins. Paytable ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Randomisation Random Number Generator (RNG) The algorithm used for random number generation (RNG) is Fortuna, a cryptographically secure pseudorandom number generator (PRNG) devised by Bruce Schneier and Niels Ferguson. For more information, see the document Random Number Generation. The Random Number Generator and its implementation has been tested and approved/certified for randomness according to prevailing industry standards by an accredited, independent, 3rd party test facility. Malfunction Management If a player attempts to access a game using an invalidated session, (for example, due to inactivity or system restart) an error message is displayed in the game. The player can then log on again and resume game play. The game state is always stored so the player can resume game play exactly where he or she left off. In case of an HTTP error, network timeout or server error a "technical error" message will be displayed to the player and the game will stay in an "unavailable" state until the player reloads the game at a time when the game becomes available. If a session times out, a "session timeout" message will be displayed to the player and the game will stay in an "unavailable" state until the player reloads the game. In case of an "out of money" event, an "out of money" message will be displayed to the player and the game will stay in an "unavailable" state until the player reloads the game. Information regarding session timeouts and malfunctions is provided to the player via the game rules. Specifically, the player is informed that "In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded." Information to the Player Players receive a response required message every hour of continuous play: They cannot continue playing unless they respond to the message which provides them with details about the amount bet and won so far during game play. Players also have access to their game session history and game rules from within the game at all times. Last modification date: 5/14/2025