Warrior Graveyard x Nudge Game rules Warrior Graveyard xNudge is a video slot with following feature(s): - xNudge Tombstone Wilds - Warrior Attack - Graveyard Spins - Death Spins A 6-reel, 3-row video slot with 12 symbols. Simulated maximum payout is 9841 times the bet (1:11000000000 rounds). Features and spin results affect each other within a game round. 25 win lines. A Wild symbol substitutes for any other symbol. A Wild symbol substitutes for the highest possible winning combination on a win line according to the pay table. A Wild symbol will not be counted as a Scatter for Bonus mode triggers. Warrior Attack: In Graveyard Spins and Death Spins the Wild multiplier will be added to the sticky multiplier, then summarized with the Warrior multipliers for the Warrior Attack payout. A winning combination of the same symbol pays from leftmost to right on adjacent reels. Coinciding wins on multiple combinations are paid out. Winning combinations and pays are made according to the pay table. Different reel configurations are used, depending on the game mode (main game or any of the bonus modes). The highest win per activated win line is paid. All symbol payout values in pay table are displayed in the same currency as bet placed. A malfunction voids all pays and plays. Malfunction in gaming hardware/software; all affected bets are refunded. Game rounds not finished within 90days will automatically be closed. Any accumulated wins during that game round will be paid out. These rounds cannot be replayed. Game rounds with a win that can be gambled with, that is not finished within 24hours will automatically be closed. Any accumulated wins during that game round will be paid out. Autoplay automatically plays the game for selected number of rounds or when any of the advanced autoplay setting criteria are fulfilled. When changing autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect upon completion of the game round or feature. Some autoplay features may be mandatory for some jurisdictions. Last modification date: 4/23/2025