Mummy Megaways SPECIAL SYMBOLS AND FEATURES AVALANCHE™ Symbols forming wins disappear, making way for new symbols to drop in that may form new wins. FEATURE BARS 3 different Feature Bars are present on top of the reels and can be filled at any time by the playful spirits that randomly appear on paying symbols. Each Feature Bar requires 30 spirits to be filled and multiple bars can be filled at the same time. Playful spirits over the required amount will be transferred inside the Feature Spins. Filling a Feature Bar will award the corresponding Feature Spins for that bar. When more than one Feature Bar is filled in a single spin, a combined Feature Spins is triggered. Feature Bars do not reset after exiting Feature Spins. PLAYFUL SPIRITS Randomly up to 10 spirits from each colour can appear on the reels on paying symbols. Any playful spirit that lands on the reels fills the Feature Bar corresponding to its colour whenever it lands. WILDS All Wilds symbol substitutions pay the highest possible winning combination according to the paytable. Where a win way only consists of Wild symbols, only the advertised payment for the length of 6x Wild in a win way will be paid out for that way. FEATURE SPINS (BLUE) 3 Feature Spins with a Random Wild on each spin are awarded. Random Wild creates up to 6 copies of itself on random positions on the reels. FEATURE SPINS (PURPLE) 3 Feature Spins with an Expanding Wild on each spin are awarded. Expanding Wild changes its size to cover the whole reel it landed on. FEATURE SPINS (YELLOW) 3 Feature Spins with a Spreading Wild on each spin are awarded. Spreading Wild transforms random symbols around itself into copies of itself. FEATURE SPINS (BLUE + PURPLE) 3 Feature Spins with either a Random Wild, an Expanding Wild or both at random on each spin are awarded. FEATURE SPINS (BLUE + YELLOW) 3 Feature Spins with either a Random Wild, a Spreading Wild or both at random on each spin are awarded. FEATURE SPINS (PURPLE + YELLOW) 3 Feature Spins with either an Expanding Wild, a Spreading Wild or both at random on each spin are awarded. FEATURE SPINS (BLUE + PURPLE + YELLOW) 3 Feature Spins with either a Random Wild, an Expanding Wild, a Spreading Wild, a combination of 2 or all 3 features at the same time at random on each spin are awarded. GAME TERMINOLOGY English Term Translated Term W WILD WILD WILD JACKPOT JACKPOT *Jackpot symbols can only be displayed if they are configured and allowed in your jurisdiction. HOW TO PLAY MUMMY™ MEGAWAYS™ Any progress features in the game, including symbols locked onto the reels which affect subsequent spins, are saved for your game at the stake level you are playing at. You can have different progress levels at different stakes on the same game, and move between them by changing the stake. If you are awarded free spins from a promotional campaign any progress in the main game including any locked symbols, will be saved and be available to continue playing at the same stake once the free spins have been completed. Please note that this stateful game saves its state forever. To start playing, first select the bet value. Click/tap “+” or “-” to increase or reduce the bet or click/tap on the bet value in the middle and select a bet value from a scrollable list. Please note that the selected bet will be applied to each spin. If your balance becomes insufficient to play, you will receive an automatic message which says there is "Insufficient funds". If you are playing on desktop, click the Spin button or press the spacebar to spin. Speed up each reel spin by pressing spacebar again, or by clicking on the reels. For TURBO SPIN, hold down the spacebar or the Spin button. Check the pays menu in the game paytable if you are not sure of the game type. If you are playing a Lines game, the prize value from one payline is equal to the total stake divided by the number of paylines, multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple win lines, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same payline, the largest win is paid. Each individual payline can pay only once per spin. Example: Total stake is 2. Total paylines are 20. Symbol multiplier for length of 5 is 300. The win for 1 payline with this symbol and length would be calculated as such: 2 / 20 * 300 = 30. If you are playing a Ways, a MegaWays or a Cluster game, the prize value from one way or cluster in a Ways or Winning Clusters game is equal to the stake multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple ways or clusters, the total win values are summed. Example: Total stake = 2. Symbol win multiplier = 2. Win = 2x2 = 4. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Symbol payout values shown in the Paytable are dynamic and change in accordance with the selected stake value. If you are playing a Lines game, the prize value from one payline is equal to the payout advertised in the Paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple win lines, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same payline, the largest win is paid. Each individual payline can pay only once per spin. If you are playing a Ways or a Cluster game, the prize value from one way or winning cluster is equal to the payout advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple ways or clusters, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same way or cluster, the largest win is paid. If more than one win occurs on the same way or cluster, the largest win is paid. If there is a Scatter Symbol in the game, all wins will be paid in addition to any other symbol wins occurring on the same spin. If you are playing a Scatter Pays game only the highest winning combination is paid per symbol. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. In case of an incomplete game round due to connection loss where the result has not yet occurred, the game will generate an outcome for the round, which will be shown upon restoring of connection and the result will be visible in the Game History after refreshing the game. In case of an incomplete game round due to connection loss where the result has occurred, but the player could not be informed of this fact, the game will inform the player of the outcome upon refreshing of the game and the result will be visible in the Game History. Each game round is identified by a unique GAME NUMBER. This number reflects when the game round began in terms of GMT by hour: minute: second. Please use this game number for reference (or take a screenshot of the game number) if you wish to contact Customer Service regarding a particular round. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Minimum stake: $0.10 Maximum stake: $20 Last modification date: 5/28/2025