Dazzle Me Megaways Dazzle Me™ Megaways™ is a 6-reel Megaways™ video slot with the Dazzling Wild Reels feature, Free Spins and the Avalanche™ feature. The game is played with up to 99225 Megaways™, different bet values, coin values, and bet levels (only when playing with coins). The game can be played with cash or coins. To switch between cash and coins, go to the Game Settings. Note: Not all betting modes are available in all casinos. BET is the amount of coins or cash to bet. When playing with cash, the bet value is set by clicking the Bet Settings button and selecting the bet. When playing with coins, the bet value is set by clicking the Bet Settings button and selecting the coin value and the bet level. When playing with cash, some win values may be displayed using “K” instead of thousands. BALANCE displays the amount of cash or coins available to bet. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Symbol payout values shown in the Paytable are dynamic and change in accordance with the selected bet value. Megaways™ During every spin in the main game and Free Spins, the number of symbols landing on each reel is selected randomly. The number of symbols landing on the reels ranges from 2 to 5 for reels 1 and 2, from 3 to 7 for reels 3 and 4, and from 4 to 9 for reels 5 and 6 unless they are chosen to be Dazzling Wild Reels during Free Spins. The number of symbols landing on each Dazzling Wild Reel in Free Spins is equal to the Dazzling Wild Counter of that reel. Matching symbols in any position on adjacent reels, starting from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel, result in a Megaways™ win. A Megaways™ win is equal to the value shown in the Paytable. When winning combinations are evaluated, each symbol on the reel is counted once regardless of its size on the reel. More wins are awarded when additional instances of the symbol appear on the same reels that create the longest Megaways™ win. During each spin, the number of Megaways™ is equal to the number of symbols on each of the reels multiplied. The maximum number of Megaways™ is 99225. The total number of Megaways™ for the spin is displayed on the Megaways™ counter. Only the longest matching combination per symbol is paid. Simultaneous Megaways™ wins on different combinations are added. Megaways™ Calculation Example The longest winning combination of Lucky Seven symbols is 4 symbols on reels 1-4. The number of winning Megaways™ is calculated by multiplying the number of Lucky Seven symbols on each of these reels: 1 x 1 x 3 x 2 = 6 winning Megaways™. Avalanche™ Feature A winning combination starts an Avalanche. Symbols in winning combinations disappear, leaving space for a new Avalanche of symbols. During an Avalanche, symbols fall into positions on the reels, instead of spinning. The Avalanches continue until there are no more wins. Dazzling Wild Reels Feature and Wild Symbols Dazzling Wild Reels feature may be randomly activated during each spin in the main game and is guaranteed to be activated during each spin in Free Spins. In the Dazzling Wild Reels feature, up to 3 reels from among reels 2-6 are chosen randomly at the start of the spin to be Dazzling Wild Reels. In the main game, only Wild symbols can appear on Dazzling Wild Reels during the initial spin and any non-Wild symbols can appear on these reels during the Avalanches. In Free Spins, only Wild symbols can appear on Dazzling Wild Reels. In the main game, the number of symbols landing on each Dazzling Wild Reel is chosen randomly. In Free Spins, the number of symbols landing on each Dazzling Wild Reel is equal to the Dazzling Wild Counter of that reel. Dazzling Wild Counters for each of reels 2-6 start at 2. The maximum number of Wild symbols and the maximum Dazzling Wild Counter is 5 for reel 2, 7 for reels 3 and 4, and 9 for reels 5 and 6. In Free Spins, Wild symbols on a Dazzling Wild Reel becoming a part of a winning combination remain on the reels instead of disappearing. When Wild symbols on a Dazzling Wild Reel become a part of one or more winning combinations, Dazzling Wild Counter for the respective reel and the number of Wild symbols on that reel increase by one. Wild symbols can appear on the reels only in the Dazzling Wild Reels feature. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except for Free Spins symbols. Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning Megaways™ combination according to the Paytable. Free Spins 4 Free Spins symbols appearing anywhere on reels in the main game award 8 Free Spins. Each additional Free Spins symbol activating Free Spins awards 4 additional Free Spins. Free Spins are awarded after the last Avalanche when there are no more wins. Free Spins are played at the same bet as the round that activated Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the game returns to the round that activated Free Spins, and Dazzling Wild Counters are reset. At the end of Free Spins, the total win from Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Main Game Spin Button Click to start a game round at the current bet value. Stop Button Click to skip game round animations where possible. Autoplay Click to choose the number of Autoplay rounds and advanced Autoplay settings. Stop Autoplay If Autoplay rounds have been chosen, the remaining number of rounds is displayed on the counter. Click the counter to stop Autoplay. When the Spin button is visible, the counter is displayed on the Spin button. Bet Settings Click to set the bet value or coin value and bet level. Coin Value and Level When playing with coins, use the Coin Value and Level selectors to set the bet value. The text on the selectors is displayed in the current game language. Sound Click to mute the game sound or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Paytable Click to view winning combinations and payouts. Menu Click to access the game settings and game information. Game Settings and Game Information Game Settings Click to view the game settings menu. Show bet in cash : Switches between bet in cash and bet in coins. Spacebar to spin : Turns the spacebar function on or off. Intro screen : Turns the intro screen on or off. Game Rules Click to view the game rules. Game History Click to view your latest game history. The game history is available only when playing for money. Note: The game history might be displayed with a delay. Advanced Autoplay Settings To set advanced Autoplay settings, click on the Autoplay button and choose the number of Autoplay rounds. Then click Advanced Settings to choose one or more stop conditions. To start the Autoplay rounds, click on the Spin button. The text on the button is displayed in the current game language. On any win . Stops Autoplay when you win in a round. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by : Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by : Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. If Free Spins are won . Stops Autoplay when Free Spins are won. Click Reset to clear all chosen Autoplay stop conditions. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some Autoplay settings are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Close Click to go back to the main game. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the Casino Operator’s website. For more information, refer to the Casino Operator’s website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.10%. Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Wild Wild Dazzling Wild Reels Dazzling Wild Reels Dazzling Wild Counter Dazzling Wild Counter Megaways Megaways Way Way Avalanche Avalanche Free Spins Free Spins K K Game rules generated: Last modification date: 5/14/2025