Millionaire Mystery Box Introducing the game Millionaire Mystery Box is a five-reel video slot featuring 243 ways to win. How to play Select your stake by clicking the left and right arrow buttons on the stake. The stake value is displayed in the stake display. All payouts are multiplied by the stake of each individual spin. Auto play To set up Auto play press the Auto button. This will display Auto play panel which the player can use to modify the number of spins, set a loss limit or set a win limit. When a loss limit has been set the player can select Start to commence auto play. When Auto play is on, the Play button will change to a Stop button. The remaining Auto plays will be displayed in the Stop button. The player can cancel Auto play by clicking the Stop button. Auto play will stop automatically if any of the limits set is reached or anything occurs that requires player intervention. Auto play may not be available in your jurisdiction. Start the spin Press the Play button to start the spin at the stake displayed. The 5 reels will spin and then come to stop, displaying the result. Bonus Buy Press the Bonus Buy button to access the Bonus Buy menu. You may buy 7 Free Spins for 45 times the Free Spins Stake. The Free Spins Stake can be changed by pressing the plus and minus buttons on the Free Spins Stake display. The Free Spins Stake will apply to each Free Spin. Press the price to buy the bonus for that price. The price will be deducted from your balance. Bonus Buy may be limited or unavailable in your jurisdiction. Symbol Wins All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on consecutive reels except Scatter. Highest win paid per winning combination. All winning combinations are added together. See PAYS for further information. x2 WILD Wild appears on Reels 2, 3 and 4 and substitutes for all symbols except Scatter. All wins are Doubled for every Wild. Mystery Box Mystery Box appears on Reels 2, 3 and 4. Mystery Box will open to reveal another symbol. Whenever 2 or 3 Mystery Box symbols appear, they all turn into the same symbol. All wins are determined after the Mystery Box symbols have turned into other symbols. GAMBLE FEATURE Every win will enable the GAMBLE button. Press GAMBLE for the opportunity to go DOUBLE OR NOTHING up to 5 times with every win. In some cases the Gamble Feature may be disabled. Gamble Feature is disabled during Auto play. Scatter Get 3, 4 or 5 Millionaire Scatters to win 7, 12 or 20 Free Spins, respectively. Scatter pays any. Free Spins A Multiplier Ladder with 12 rungs is enabled. Triggering with 3, 4 or 5 Scatters commences the Multiplier Ladder on Rungs 1, 2 or 3, respectively. All wins are multiplied by the highlighted Multiplier. Every Scatter that occurs in the Free Spins increments the Multiplier Ladder by 1 rung. Every rung awards an additional Free Spin except rungs 4, 8 and 12 which award an additional 3 Free Spins. Free Spins, Continued Every Scatter on rung 12 awards an additional free spin. The stake that was used to trigger the Free Spins will be used for the Free Spins duration. At the end of the Free Spins, the total winnings for the spins will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited into the player's account and regular play then resumes. Return to Player (RTP) The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Values are calculated initially by dividing the total payouts by the total bets from a simulation of numerous game rounds. Values reflect the maximum expected RTP and do not change. The RTP is defined at different stages or modes of the game. Overall RTP: 94.06% Bonus Buy RTP: 94.09% General Information In the event of a non-responsive game or problem during a spin, the game will repeat the incomplete spin and display the result to the player when the game is next launched. Incomplete games will be automatically resolved after 30 minutes. Any winnings resulting from automatic resolve shall be paid to player's account. System malfunction voids all pays and plays. Additional Information All unfinished game rounds, regardless of whether further player activity is required, shall be auto completed after thirty (30) minutes of inactivity. All winnings and/or loses from the auto completed rounds shall subsequently be deposited or withdrawn, as required, from the player's account. The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the Operator's website. For more information, refer to the Operator's website: The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. Malfunction voids all pays and plays Last modification date: 4/8/2025