First Person Lightning Blackjack Game Objective The objective of First Person Lightning Blackjack is to achieve a higher card count than the dealer, but without going over 21. The best hand is Blackjack — when the sum of the values of the first two cards dealt is exactly 21. You compete only against the dealer, not against other players, and with the chance to win multipliers that increase your winnings 2x–25x! Played with eight decks. Dealer always stands on 17. Double on any two initial cards. Dealer checks for Blackjack on Ace. Split initial cards of equal value. Only one Split per hand. Single card dealt to each Split Ace. No Double after Split. Insurance offered when the dealer shows an Ace. Blackjack pays 3 to 2. Insurance pays 2 to 1. Push game when hands tie. Game Rules The game is hosted by a dealer and allows an unlimited number of players to play in each game round. The game is played with eight standard 52-card decks. Card values in Blackjack are as follows: Cards from 2 to 10 are worth their face value. Face cards (Jacks, Queens and Kings) are each worth 10. Aces are worth 1 or 11, whichever is more favourable to the hand. Note that a soft hand includes an Ace worth 11. After the allotted betting time has expired, the dealer deals one card face up to the player and then one card face up to the dealer. The dealer then deals a second card face up to the player but the dealer's second card is dealt face down. The value of your initial hand is displayed next to your cards. Blackjack If the value of your initial two-card hand is exactly 21, you have Blackjack! Lightning rules You place an additional mandatory 100% Lightning fee off every initial bet. This allows the chance to win a multiplier for your next hand. The Lightning fee is not applicable to Double and Split. Multipliers If you win a round the next round's payout will be super sized. Multipliers are shown every round after bets are closed. Multipliers apply for your next hand if you have won with “17 and below”, 18, 19, 20, 21 or Blackjack. Each of these winning hands will generate a random multiplier from 2x to 25x. If you have won a multiplier and have to leave the game, you can still use your multiplier in your next game round for up to 180 days. If a player has a multiplier of 5x and wins with a bet of 10, the bet will be multiplied by 5x, resulting in a 50 payout. Additionally, the player will get back their original bet. If a player has won a multiplier but doesn’t place a bet on the next round and instead decides to leave the game, the player can return at any time within 180 days and the multiplier will still be shown on the player’s betspot. The multiplier covers your bet only in the amount of the Lightning fee that was paid in the round in which the multiplier was acquired. If you place a larger bet, regular Blackjack payout is applied to the excess amount. When using Split and both hands win, the multiplier will be won by the best hand score. All payouts with a multiplier are included in the multiplier. For example, if you have Blackjack and a multiplier, then only the multiplier will be applied. In the case of a push, you will get your main bet back, but you will lose your Lightning fee and multiplier. In the case of Insurance, the Lightning fee and multiplier are lost. Insurance If the dealer’s upcard is an Ace, you are given the option to purchase insurance to offset the risk that the dealer has Blackjack — even when you have Blackjack yourself. The amount of insurance is equal to one half of your main bet, and the insurance bet is settled separately from the bet on your hand. The dealer then peeks at the value of his/her downcard to check for Blackjack. If the dealer does not have Blackjack, the round continues. If the dealer has Blackjack, but you do not, the game is over and the dealer’s hand wins. If you and the dealer both have Blackjack, the game ends in a push and your bet is returned. Dealer checks for Blackjack on Ace If the dealer’s upcard is an Ace, he/she will check if the downcard is a Face card or 10 and the dealer has Blackjack. If the dealer has Blackjack, the dealer’s hand wins. If you and the dealer both have Blackjack, the game ends in a push and your bet is returned. If the dealer does not have Blackjack, the round continues. Double, Hit or Stand If the dealer does not have Blackjack upon checking his/her two initial cards, players are given the chance to improve the values of their hands in turn, by the dealer offering to deal further cards to players' hands. If the value of your initial hand is not 21, you can decide to Double. In this case, you will double your bet and be dealt only one additional card to add to your hand. Alternatively, you can decide to Hit to be dealt an additional card to add to the value of your hand. You can Hit more than once to receive additional cards before you decide to Stand once you are satisfied with the value of your hand. Please note that the player will not be offered a decision option when his/her soft hand score equals 21. Split If your initial hand is a pair of cards of equal value, you can decide to Split the pair to make two separate hands, each with a separate bet equal to your main bet. After a second card is dealt to both your hands, you can improve the value of these two hands by deciding to Hit. Again, you can choose to Stand once you are satisfied with the value of your two hands. However, if you Split an initial pair of Aces, you will receive only one additional card per hand with no option to Hit. Outcome If the sum of your hand exceeds 21, you bust and lose your bet on that hand. When all players have taken their turns, the dealer reveals the value of his/her downcard. The dealer must Hit on a hand of 16 or less and must Stand on a hand of soft 17 or more. (Remember that a 'soft hand' includes an Ace worth 11.) You win when the value of your final hand is closer to 21 than the dealer’s hand or when the dealer busts. If the value of your hand is the same as the dealer’s, the game round ends in a push and your bet is returned. Blackjack is only possible using the two cards in the initial two-card deal. A hand of 21 resulting from a split pair is not considered a Blackjack. Therefore, Blackjack beats any hand of 21 resulting from a split pair. Payouts Blackjack pays 3:2–25:1. Winning hand pays 1–25:1. If the dealer has Blackjack, insurance pays 2:1. Your payout depends on the type of bet placed. Multipliers that can be won: Winning Hand — 2x-15x Blackjack — 6x-25x The optimal strategy is based on you placing the same initial bet amount. If you increase your bet in a round where you have qualified, the multiplier will only apply up to the bet amount of the qualifying round. If you lower your bet in a round where you have qualified, the multiplier will only apply up to the new bet amount. You may therefore not fully utilise the multiplier. Open Strategy in New Window Please note that any malfunction voids the game round and all eventual payouts for the round. However, any multiplier you have won in your previous round will still be available for up to 180 days. Return to Player The optimal theoretical payout percentage is 99.56%*. *based on the first hand in the shoe Place Bets The BET LIMITS panel shows the minimum and maximum allowed bet limits at the table, which may change from time to time. Open the Bet Limits to check your current limits. FIRST PERSON LIGHTNING BLACKJACK To participate in the game, you must have sufficient funds to cover your bets. You can see your current BALANCE on your screen. The TIMER informs you of the duration of betting time. After it expires, the betting is closed, and no more bets are accepted. The CHIP DISPLAY allows you to select the value of each chip you wish to bet. Only chips of denominations that can be covered by your current balance will be enabled. Once you have selected a chip, place your bet by simply clicking/tapping the appropriate betting spot on the game table. Each time you click/tap the betting spot, the amount of your bet increases by the value of the selected chip or up to the maximum limit for the type of bet you have selected. Once you have bet the maximum limit, no additional funds will be accepted for that bet, and a message will appear above your bet to notify you that you have bet the maximum. NOTE: Please do not minimise your browser or open any other tab in your browser while betting time remains, and you have placed bets on the table. Such actions may be interpreted as leaving the game, and your bets will therefore be declined for that particular game round. The REPEAT button allows you to repeat all bets from the previous game round. This button is available only before the first chip is placed. The DOUBLE (2x) button becomes available after you have placed any bet. Each click/tap doubles all your bets up to the maximum limit. Note that you must have a sufficient account balance to double ALL your placed bets. The UNDO button removes the last bet you placed. You can click/tap the UNDO button repeatedly to remove bets, one by one, in the reverse order of which they were placed. You can clear all your bets by holding the UNDO button. The TOTAL BET indicator displays the total amount of all bets placed in the current round. Make a Decision As soon as you receive your first two cards, you can make an initial decision regarding your hand. The decision options (e.g. Hit, Stand, Double, Split) will be displayed, and only those options currently available to you will be enabled. Each decision option reflects real-time statistics — the decision other players made when being in your exact situation and facing the same decision choice. The decision options are represented as follows: HIT: additional card is drawn. STAND: no additional cards are drawn. DOUBLE: your bet is doubled and only one additional card is drawn. SPLIT: your bet is doubled and cards are split into two individual hands. If you do not make a decision before the time expires, the following auto-decision will be applied: If the total card value of your hand is 11 or less, then — HIT. If the total card value of your hand is more than 11, then — STAND. If your balance is insufficient for Double and Split, corresponding buttons for those decisions will be disabled. If your balance becomes insufficient before Double or Split decisions are accepted, then your preferred decisions will be rejected and the following auto-decision applied instead: If your decision was to Double, then — HIT. If your decision was to Split and the total card value of your hand is 11 or less, then — HIT. If your decision was to Split and the total card value of your hand is more than 11, then — STAND. Chat You can chat with the Live Support. Enter your message in the CHAT field. To post your message, press Enter or the arrow button within the field. Players who misuse Chat by abusing the Game Presenter or other players, or by using inappropriate and/or offensive language will have their Chat privileges disabled. Use the CHAT button to enlarge or, alternatively, to close the chat window. You can resize and move the chat window anywhere on your screen. Game Number Each game round is identified by a unique GAME NUMBER. This number reflects when the game round began in terms of GMT by hour: minute: second. Please use this game number for reference (or take a screenshot of the game number) if you wish to contact Customer Service regarding a particular round. Sound The SOUND button will mute/unmute all game sounds and voice from the game. Note that if you change tables, the sound will automatically unmute. You can alter your sound settings by clicking/tapping the SETTINGS button and then selecting the SOUND tab. Game History The HISTORY button will launch a window showing all game rounds you have played and the results of those rounds. You can review your past gaming activity by viewing your: ACCOUNT HISTORY — Shows your complete account history as a list of dates, games, bet amounts and payouts. The game round completed most recently appears at the top of the list. GAME HISTORY — Shows your history related to a particular game once you click/tap the game in the GAME column. Settings The SETTINGS button launches a menu of user-changeable settings. Your chosen settings will be applied at once and will be stored to your profile. Stored settings will be launched automatically when you log in from any device. You can alter your general and game settings. GENERAL You can hide/unhide other players’ chat messages. VIDEO Your video quality is auto-adjusted, but you can manually change your video quality by selecting the specific stream. SOUND You can mute/unmute your PRESENTER’S VOICE and GAME SOUND and adjust their relative volumes. Deposit and Withdraw The CASHIER button will open the cashier/banking window for deposits and withdrawals. Responsible Gaming The RESPONSIBLE GAMING button allows you to access the page outlining the Responsible Gaming policy. This page provides useful information and links regarding responsible online gaming behaviour and how to set limitations to your game sessions. Error Handling If there is an error in the game, system or game procedure, the game round will be temporarily paused while the game host/presenter notifies the service manager. You and other players will be notified via Chat, or by an on-screen pop-up message, that the issue is being investigated. If the manager can immediately resolve the error, the game round will continue as normal. If immediate resolution is not possible, the game round will be cancelled, and initial bets will be refunded to all players who participated in the game round. Disconnection Policy If you are disconnected from a game round while betting time remains, any bets placed will be void and the bets returned to you. If you are disconnected after betting is closed, placed bets remain valid and are settled in your absence. Upon reconnecting, you can view bet outcomes in the History window. Shuffling Game-play continues until the cut card is dealt. Subsequently, the cards are shuffled by a dealer or a shuffler. If a shuffle table is available, then two shoes with two sets of playing cards are used at the table. In this case, the dealer swaps the shoes, and the shuffle is performed by a shuffler at the shuffling table while the dealer continues to host the game round. More Games The LOBBY button can be selected at any time from any game. It allows you to easily change the game table or select any other live game. You will not be removed from this game until you have actually selected the new game/table you wish to join. You can use the LOBBY to browse other games while still playing in your current game. Multi-Game Play If you enjoy non-stop action, you can join more than one game table — then view and play them simultaneously, all in the same browser window! After you have joined at least one game table, click on LOBBY. In the lobby or game, click the +TABLE button associated with that table to join it. Certain tables may be unavailable for multi-game play and will therefore not display a +TABLE button. After you have joined multiple tables, you will be able to resize your browser window as a whole, but you will not be able to resize each game table window separately. You can exit any table without affecting your presence at other tables you have joined. To exit a table, click the X button. Please note: You will exit a table automatically if you join the same table through a different device/browser. If you click directly on a table icon instead of the +TABLE button, you will merely switch tables instead of joining the chosen table in addition to the table you joined previously. We kindly advise you to join only as many tables as your screen can accommodate while still allowing you to place bets deliberately and accurately. KEY FUNCTION >Number Keys from 1 onwards Select the desired chip from the chip display. Key “1” corresponds to the leftmost chip with the lowest value. Key “2” selects the next highest value chip, and so on. SPACEBAR Repeat your most recent bet. Press SPACEBAR a second time to double your bet. CTRL+Z (CMD+Z), DELETE, BACKSPACE Undo your last bet. Hold for 3 seconds to remove all your bets. ESC When applicable, the ESC key can be used to: Exit full-screen mode Close an open pop-up window (History, Help, Settings, etc.) Last modification date: 3/10/2026