Twister Game Basics Twister® is a 4-reel, 6-row video slot with the Avalanche™ feature, a Twister Spinner with 4 different features, Free Spins with a progressive multiplier, and the Buy Feature. The game is played with 1296 bet ways and different bet values. Matching symbols in any position on three or more adjacent reels, starting from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel, without gaps, results in a bet way win. More bet way wins are created when additional instances of the symbol appear on the same reels that create the longest bet way win. Only the longest matching combination per symbol is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet ways are added. A bet way win is equal to the value shown in the Paytable multiplied by any applicable multiplier. Symbol payout values shown in the Paytable are dynamic and change in accordance with the selected bet value. Bet Ways Calculation Example The longest winning combination of the J symbols is 4 symbols on reels 1–4. The number of winning bet ways is calculated by multiplying the number of J symbols on each of these reels: 3 x 1 x 1 x 3 = 9 winning bet ways. When Wild symbols form a winning combination on their own, the number of winning bet ways is calculated by deducting the winning bet ways for the Wild symbols only from the standard calculation of J symbols and Wilds on each of the reels 1–4. Wilds forming a winning combination will only be paid out once. In this case, the calculation is: (2+2) x (0+2) x (0+3) x (2+2) – (2 x 2 x 3 x 2) = 72 winning bet ways. Avalanche™ Feature A bet way win appearing on the reels starts an Avalanche™. Symbols in winning combinations disappear, leaving space for a new Avalanche of symbols. The Avalanches continue until there are no more wins on the reels. Twister Spinners Twister Spinners can appear anywhere on the reels in the main game and in Free Spins. When a Twister Spinner symbol lands on the reels, it triggers the Twister Spinner wheel, which consists of 4 sections ided by body parts, with 4 colours in each section. Each body part represents a different type of Wild symbol, and each colour represents the intensity of the Wild symbol. If multiple Twister Spinner symbols land on the reels, one Twister Spinner wheel is triggered and spun once for each Twister Spinner symbol that landed on the reels. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except for the Scatter symbols and other Wild symbols. Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet way, according to the Paytable. The wins are evaluated after all Twister Spinner symbols have been triggered and all Wilds placed. Body part Action Left foot Transforms the Twister Spinner into an Upgrade Wild and upgrades all Low Win symbols of a single type on the reels to Medium Win symbols depending on the colour on the Twister Spinner. All Low win symbols of the same type will change and the feature does not affect new symbols that avalanched in. Right foot Transforms the Twister Spinner into a Multiplier Wild with a value depending on the colour of the Twister Spinner (blue — 2, green— 3, yellow — 4, red — 5). The Multiplier Wild multiplies the number of bet ways that go through it with the multiplier value. Several Multiplier Wild values are multiplied. Left hand Transforms the Twister Spinner into a Random Wild and places more Random Wilds on the reels depending on the colour of the Twister Spinner (blue — 2, green — 3, yellow — 4, red — 5 total Random Wilds placed on the reels). Random Wilds cannot be placed on any other Wilds or Scatters. Two Random Wilds cannot be placed on the same position. Right hand Transforms the Twister Spinner into a Locked Wild that will remain on the reels for a set number of Avalanches that may occur, depending on the colour of the Twister Spinner (blue — 2, green — 3, yellow — 4, red — 5). Locked Wild does not guarantee a set number of Avalanches happening but will stay on the reels for the determined number of Avalanches or less (if there are no more wins on the reels). The Locked Wild may move down the reel during an Avalanche and disappear from the reels after the set number of Avalanches determined by the colour. Locked Wilds do not stay on the reels between spins. Free Spins 3 or 4 Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on the reels in the main game activate 6 or 11 Free Spins, while 2, 3 or 4 Scatter symbols appearing on the reels in Free Spins award 1, 2 or 4 additional Free Spins accordingly, after all Avalanches have happened. At the beginning of Free Spins, a progressive multiplier of x1 appears on the play area and increases by +x1 for each Twister Spinner that lands on the reels. All wins get multiplied by the current progressive multiplier value, and the value increases before any win evaluations are done during that Avalanche. The progressive multiplier stays on the play area until the end of Free Spins. Free Spins are played at the same bet as the round that activated Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the total win from Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins, and the game returns to the round that activated Free Spins. Buy Feature Free Spins can be activated with the Buy Feature at any time. Free Spins can be activated with the Buy Feature for 100 times the bet. When Free Spins are activated with the Buy Feature, one free main game spin without winning combinations or Twister Spinners and guaranteed to have 3 or 4 Scatter symbols that activate 6 or 11 Free Spins is played. Betting To play the game, you must have sufficient funds to cover your bet. You can see your current BALANCE on your screen. BALANCE To start playing, first select the bet value. Click/tap "+" or "-" to increase or reduce the bet or click/tap on the bet value in the middle and select a bet value from a scrollable list. Please note that the selected bet will be applied to each spin. If your balance becomes insufficient to play, your bet will be automatically reduced to the highest available bet value. BET Minimum bet: ⁦⁦$⁩0.2⁩ Maximum bet: ⁦⁦$⁩100⁩ Once you have chosen the bet, click/tap the SPIN button to start playing. SPIN During a spin, you can use the STOP button to stop the reels more quickly if possible. STOP To use the Buy Feature, click/tap the BUY FEATURE button. In the Buy Feature panel, you can choose the spin bet that is used to calculate the total Buy Feature cost and the winnings. Autoplay Autoplay allows you to repeat your selected bet for a chosen number of game rounds. To start Autoplay, choose the desired bet value and then click/tap the Autoplay button. In the Autoplay panel, you can start Autoplay by selecting the number of rounds you want your bet to be repeated for. Your selected number of Autoplay rounds will be displayed on the Autoplay button. The number of remaining Autoplay rounds will be updated, once Autoplay is started. Your total Autoplay bet amount is calculated by multiplying the number of Autoplay rounds with the value of your bet. It is indicated under each Autoplay option. The remaining Autoplay bet amount will also be displayed under the chosen Autoplay option, once Autoplay has started. Your automatic game rounds will continue until either your chosen number of Autoplay rounds are complete, you choose to stop Autoplay by clicking/tapping STOP, or the Free Spins round is activated. STOP When Autoplay is stopped, you will be able to start Autoplay with the previously selected bet and number of rounds again by clicking/tapping REPEAT. REPEAT While Autoplay is running, it is not possible to change your bets. You should stop Autoplay to change the bets. Other Controls BUTTON FUNCTION Click/tap the PAYTABLE button to view the winning combinations and payouts. Click/tap the SOUND button to turn the game sounds on or off. Alternatively, use the slider to adjust the volume of game sounds. The button and/or the slider might not be available on some devices. Click/tap the SETTINGS button to open a menu of user-changeable settings: All sounds: Turns the game sounds on or off. You can also use the slider to adjust the volume of game sounds, if it is available on your device. Game effects and Music: Turn the game effects or music on or off. Alternatively, use the sliders to adjust the volume. Game Speed: Select the desired spin speed — REGULAR, QUICK SPIN, or SUPER QUICK SPIN. Alternatively, click the QUICK SPIN button, if available on your device, to go from REGULAR to QUICK, from QUICK to SUPER QUICK, and from SUPER QUICK back to REGULAR speed. Intro screen: Turns the intro screen on or off. Spacebar to spin / stop a spin: Enables / disables the option to start or stop a spin using the spacebar. Click/tap the GAME HISTORY button to view the game rounds you have played and the results of those rounds. Click/tap the HOW TO PLAY button to view the game rules. Click/tap the FULL SCREEN button to enter the full screen mode or click/tap the EXIT FULL SCREEN button to exit it. Click/tap the HOME button to leave the game. Responsible Gaming The RESPONSIBLE GAMING button allows you to access the page outlining the Responsible Gaming policy. This page provides useful information and links regarding responsible online gaming behaviour and how to set limitations to your game sessions. Unfinished Game Rounds All unfinished game rounds, regardless of whether further player activity is required, shall be auto completed after thirty (30) minutes of inactivity. All winnings and/or losses from the auto completed rounds shall subsequently be deposited or withdrawn, as required, from the player's account. The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the Operator's website. For more information, refer to the Operator's website: The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. Game Number Each game round is identified by a unique GAME NUMBER. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. 21:10:10 This number reflects when the game round began in terms of GMT by hour: minute: second . Please use this game number for reference (or take a screenshot of the game number) if you wish to contact Customer Service regarding a particular round. Shortcut Keys Shortcut keys can be used to quickly perform useful game functions. KEY FUNCTION ESC When applicable, the ESC key can be used to: Exit full-screen mode. Close an open pop-up window (Game History, How to Play, Settings, etc.). SPACEBAR When applicable, the SPACEBAR key can be used to: Start a spin (if the “Spacebar to spin / stop spin” option is enabled). Skip some of the animations and end the game round more quickly if possible. Last modification date: 3/25/2025