Tesla Jolt Game rules Tesla Jolt is a video slot featuring Tesla Jolt, Tesla Spins, Charged Wilds and Time-lapse Trigger. A 5-reel, 3-row video slot with 14 symbols. 20 bet pnes (see pay table for more info). A Wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except Scatter. A Wild symbol substitutes for the highest possible winning combination on a bet pne according to the pay table. Coinciding wins on multiple betpnes are paid out. A winning combination of the same symbol pays from leftmost to right on adjacent reels. Winning combinations and pays are made according to the pay table. The highest win per activated bet pne is paid, being multipped by bet per pne. Different reel configurations are used, depending on the game mode (main game or any of the bonus modes). In the main game: A Tesla Jolt symbol that lands on reel 5 turns one set of symbols on the reel into Wilds (e.g. all J's turn wild). In the main game: The Tesla Jolt symbol turns into a Wild symbol as well. The player is awarded 10 Tesla Spins for three scatters. The player is awarded 15 Tesla Spins for four scatters. The player is awarded 20 Tesla Spins for five scatters. Tesla Spins: Any Wilds landing on reel 2, 3 or 4 are collected on their corresponding reel. Tesla Spins: Once fully charged (3), Wilds will discharge and be placed back on their corresponding reel. Tesla Spins: The Time-lapse Trigger symbol discharges all collected Wilds back onto the corresponding reel. Tesla Spins: The Time-lapse Trigger symbol randomly awards the player 1-3 more Tesla Spins. Tesla Spins: Wilds will not be collected when the Time-lapse Trigger lands. Tesla Spins: All charged wilds will discharge for the last spin and will be placed randomly on the corresponding reel. Tesla Spins: On the last spin, the Time-lapse Trigger always awards 3 Tesla Spins. Tesla Spins: The Time-lapse Trigger symbol will turn into a Wild after it awards Tesla Spins. Simulated maximum payout is 576 times the bet (1:10000000000 rounds). Features and spin results affect each other within a game round. All symbol payout values in pay table are displayed in the same currency as bet placed. A malfunction voids all pays and plays. Malfunction in gaming hardware/software; all affected bets are refunded. Game rounds not finished within 90days will automatically be closed. Any accumulated wins during that game round will be paid out. These rounds cannot be replayed. Game rounds with a win that can be gambled with, that is not finished within 24hours will automatically be closed. Any accumulated wins during that game round will be paid out. Autoplay automatically plays the game for selected number of rounds or when any of the advanced autoplay setting criteria are fulfilled. When changing autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect upon completion of the game round or feature. Some autoplay features may be mandatory for some jurisdictions. Last modification date: 7/1/2025