Piggy Riches 3: Hog Heaven Game Basics Piggy Riches™ 3: Hog Heaven is a 5-reel, 3-row video slot with Walking Wild Re-Spins with multipliers, Free Spins with colossal symbol and the Elevate feature with 5 options. The game is played with different bet values and 20 bet lines (fixed). Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel, without gaps. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added, and only the highest win per bet line is paid. A bet line win is equal to the value shown in the Paytable multiplied by any applicable multipliers. Symbol payout values shown in the Paytable are dynamic and change in accordance with the selected bet value. Walking Wild Re-Spins Mr. Piggy and/or Mrs. Piggy Wild symbols appearing on the reels in the main game activate Walking Wild Re-Spins feature. At the start of each Re-Spin, Wild symbols move horizontally to the next position until they disappear from the reels. The Mr. Piggy Wild symbols move to the right, while the Mrs. Piggy Wild symbols move to the left. Re-Spins end when there are no Wild symbols left on the reels. Both the Mr. Piggy and the Mrs. Piggy Wild symbols can appear on the same row where they collide and transform into a colossal Wild symbol. The colossal Wild symbol has a random chance to either move to the left or to the right until it disappears from the reel. The colossal Wild symbol size is 3x3 if the collision happens in the middle of the reel, and 3x2 if the collision happens at the top or at the bottom of the reels. Any Wild symbols that appear on the reels have a x1 multiplier that increases by 1 when the Wild symbol is part of one or multiple winning combinations during one Re-Spins round, after the win is evaluated. When 2 or more Wild symbols with multipliers of x2 or higher are part of the same bet line win, their multipliers are added together to multiply the win. The colossal Wild symbol multiplier is decided by adding the multiplier of the colliding Wilds. For each bet line win that starts with a combination of Wild symbols, the payout is determined by the highest payout from either an only Wild symbols combination or a symbol winning combination. If the payout between the two is equal, then the win is paid as normal winning combination. If the payout of the Wild symbols is higher, then the win is paid as the Wild symbols combination. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except for the Golden Pig Scatter. Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line, according to the Paytable. At the end of Re-Spins, the total win from Re-Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Re-Spins. Re-Spins are played at the same bet as the round that activated Re-Spins. Free Spins In the main game, a Golden Pig Scatter symbol landing anywhere on the reels activates 10 Free Spins on a 5-reel, 5-row play area. In Free Spins, only Coin symbols, Jackpot symbols, x1 multiplier, +3 additional Free Spins, Pearl symbols, Level Up symbols and Mystery Wheel symbols can appear on the reels. At the beginning of Free Spins, a 2x2 colossal symbol is placed in the bottom-left corner of the reels where it collects any symbol that lands within its borders. When a Pearl symbol lands on the reels and it is outside of the colossal symbol borders, the colossal symbol moves to collect it, and with it any other symbols that are within the colossal border new position. If no Pearl symbols land on the reels during a spin, the colossal symbol stays in its position. Pearl symbols that appear on the reels can have values of 1.25, 2.5, 5, 10, or 25 times the bet. When Pearl symbols are collected, they are added to the collect meter where they award the following: Collecting 5 Pearl symbols expands the colossal symbol to 3x3 and awards 2 additional Free Spins. Collecting 9 Pearl symbols expands the colossal symbol to 4x4 and awards 3 additional Free Spins. Collecting 12 Pearl symbols expands the colossal symbol to 5x5 and awards 4 additional Free Spins. When a Level Up symbol is collected the collection bar is filled to the next available gem, and the colossal symbol expands its size from 2x2 to 3x3, or 3x3 to 4x4, or 4x4 to 5x5, depending on the stage it is in. When the collect meter is full, no more Pearl and Level Up symbols are collected into it. Collecting the +3 symbol awards 3 additional Free Spins. Collecting the x1 symbol increases the multiplier counter by 1, the multiplier meter reaches maximum value at x10 multiplier. Coin symbols that appear on the reels can have values of 2.5, 5, 10, 25, or 50 times the bet, while Jackpot symbols can have values of 1000, 2000, or 5000 times the bet. Coin, Jackpot, and Pearl symbols that appear on the reels are multiplied by any applicable multiplier before they are collected by the colossal symbol. When the Mystery Wheel symbol is collected by the colossal symbol, a wheel appears and spins to award either a x1 multiplier, +3 additional Free Spins, a Level Up, or Coins. The wheel is for entertainment purposes only and does not function like a real wheel. The graphical representation of the wheel does not represent the odds for each outcome. When multiple or all symbols land within the colossal symbol border, they are collected in the following order: Pearl symbol, multiplier symbol, Coin symbol, Jackpot symbol, Mystery Wheel symbol, and Level Up symbol. The Total Win next to the reels shows the total value of all Coin, Jackpot, and Pearl symbols collected during Free Spins. Free Spins are played at the same bet as the round that activated Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the total win from Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins, and the game returns to the round that activated Free Spins. Elevate Feature In-game features can be activated with the Elevate Feature. In the Elevate Feature, one of the following features can be activated per game round: Golden Pig For 5 times the bet, increase the chance of a Scatter symbol appearing on the reels to activate Free Spins. Walking Wild Re-Spins For 10 times the bet, activate the Walking Wild Re-Spins feature. Colliding Wilds For 30 times the bet, activate the Walking Wild Re-Spins feature with guaranteed Mr. Piggy and Mrs. Piggy symbols appearing on the reels on the same row to collide. Free Spins For 100 times the bet, activate Free Spins immediately without any main game wins. Free Spins & Collide For 500 times the bet, activate Free Spins with x5 multiplier, and after Free Spins end, the Walking Wild Re-Spins feature is activated with a guaranteed Mr. Piggy and Mrs. Piggy collision. Paytable Symbol Payout Values Pay Mechanic The game has 20 fixed bet lines. Bet line wins pay if in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel, without gaps. The winning possibilities are conclusively shown in the illustrations above. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. For more information, see Unfinished Game Rounds. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 94.08%. The theoretical return to player in the Elevate Feature with Golden Pig is 94.09%. The theoretical return to player in the Elevate Feature with Walking Wild Re-Spins is 94.08%. The theoretical return to player in the Elevate Feature with Colliding Wilds is 94.07%. The theoretical return to player in the Elevate Feature with Free Spins is 94.06%. The theoretical return to player in the Elevate Feature with Free Spins & Collide is 94.07%. Volatility Index: 9.9 (High). Betting To play the game, you must have sufficient funds to cover your bet. You can see your current BALANCE on your screen. To start playing, first select the bet value. Click/tap "+" or "-" to increase or reduce the bet or click/tap on the bet value in the middle and select a bet value from a scrollable list. Please note that the selected bet will be applied to each spin. If your balance becomes insufficient to play, your bet will be automatically reduced to the highest available bet value. Minimum bet: ⁦⁦$⁩0.2⁩ Maximum bet: ⁦⁦$⁩400⁩ Once you have chosen the bet, click/tap the SPIN button to start playing. During a spin, you can use the STOP button to stop the reels more quickly if possible. To use the Elevate Feature, click/tap the ELEVATE button. In the Elevate Feature panel, select the feature of your choice. The total Elevate cost and the winnings are dynamic and change according to the spin bet value. The Elevate Feature remains active for every spin until manually deactivated. Autoplay Autoplay allows you to repeat your selected bet for a chosen number of game rounds. To start Autoplay, choose the desired bet value and then click/tap the Autoplay button. In the Autoplay panel, you can start Autoplay by selecting the number of rounds you want your bet to be repeated for. Your selected number of Autoplay rounds will be displayed on the Autoplay button. The number of remaining Autoplay rounds will be updated, once Autoplay is started. Your total Autoplay bet amount is calculated by multiplying the number of Autoplay rounds with the value of your bet. It is indicated under each Autoplay option. The remaining Autoplay bet amount will also be displayed under the chosen Autoplay option, once Autoplay has started. Your automatic game rounds will continue until either your chosen number of Autoplay rounds are complete, you choose to stop Autoplay by clicking/tapping STOP, or the Free Spins round is activated. When Autoplay is stopped, you will be able to start Autoplay with the previously selected bet and number of rounds again by clicking/tapping REPEAT. While Autoplay is running, it is not possible to change your bets. You should stop Autoplay to change the bets. Other Controls BUTTON FUNCTION Click/tap the SOUND button to turn the game sounds on or off. Alternatively, use the slider to adjust the volume of game sounds. The button and/or the slider might not be available on some devices. Click/tap the SETTINGS button to open a menu of user-changeable settings: All sounds: Turns the game sounds on or off. You can also use the slider to adjust the volume of game sounds, if it is available on your device. Game effects and Music: Turn the game effects or music on or off. Alternatively, use the sliders to adjust the volume. Game Speed: Select the desired spin speed — REGULAR, QUICK SPIN, or SUPER QUICK SPIN. Alternatively, click the QUICK SPIN button, if available on your device, to go from REGULAR to QUICK, from QUICK to SUPER QUICK, and from SUPER QUICK back to REGULAR speed. Intro screen: Turns the intro screen on or off. Confirm Elevate Features: Enables / disables the confirmation dialog when buying Elevate Features. Spacebar to spin / stop a spin: Enables / disables the option to start or stop a spin using the spacebar. Click/tap the GAME HISTORY button to view the game rounds you have played and the results of those rounds. Click/tap the HOW TO PLAY button to view the game rules. Click/tap the FULL SCREEN button to enter the full screen mode or click/tap the EXIT FULL SCREEN button to exit it. Click/tap the HOME button to leave the game. Responsible Gaming The RESPONSIBLE GAMING button allows you to access the page outlining the Responsible Gaming policy. This page provides useful information and links regarding responsible online gaming behaviour and how to set limitations to your game sessions. Unfinished Game Rounds All unfinished game rounds, regardless of whether further player activity is required, shall be auto completed after thirty (30) minutes of inactivity. All winnings and/or losses from the auto completed rounds shall subsequently be deposited or withdrawn, as required, from the player's account. The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the Operator's website. For more information, refer to the Operator's website: The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. Game Number Each game round is identified by a unique GAME NUMBER. This number reflects when the game round began in terms of GMT by hour: minute: second . Please use this game number for reference (or take a screenshot of the game number) if you wish to contact Customer Service regarding a particular round. Shortcut Keys Shortcut keys can be used to quickly perform useful game functions. KEY FUNCTION ESC When applicable, the ESC key can be used to: Exit full-screen mode. Close an open pop-up window (Game History, How to Play, Settings, etc.). SPACEBAR When applicable, the SPACEBAR key can be used to: Start a spin (if the “Spacebar to spin / stop spin” option is enabled). Skip some of the animations and end the game round more quickly if possible. Technical Information Game rules generated: 2025-10-06 15:13:08 Game server version: 1.0 Last modification date: 10/15/2025