Burgers Introducing the game Burgers is a four-reel video slot with 256 ways to win, featuring a Bonus Reel that adds multipliers. How to play Select your stake by clicking the left and right arrow buttons on the stake. The stake value is displayed in the stake display. All payouts are multiplied by the stake of each individual spin. Auto play To set up Auto play press the Auto button. This will display Auto play panel which the player can use to modify the number of spins, set a loss limit or set a win limit. When a loss limit has been set the player can select Start to commence auto play. When Auto play is on, the Play button will change to a Stop button. The remaining Auto plays will be displayed in the Stop button. The player can cancel Auto play by clicking the Stop button. Auto play will stop automatically if any of the limits set is reached or anything occurs that requires player intervention. Auto play may not be available in your jurisdiction. Start the spin Press the Play button to start the spin at the stake displayed. The reels will spin and then come to stop, displaying the result. Bonus Buy Press the Bonus Buy button to access the Bonus Buy menu. You may buy 12 Free Spins for 100 times the Free Spins Stake. The Free Spins Stake can be changed by pressing the plus and minus buttons on the Free Spins Stake display. The Free Spins Stake will apply to each Free Spin. Press the price to buy the bonus for that price. The price will be deducted from your balance. Bonus Buy may be limited or unavailable in your jurisdiction. Win Exchange™ Whenever you win 100 times stake or more, you have the option to exchange 100 times your stake for 12 Free Spins. Press COLLECT to keep your win without performing an exchange. Press EXCHANGE to exchange 100 times your stake for 12 Free Spins. Whenever you win between 25 and 100 times stake, you have the option to exchange the entire win for the chance to be awarded 12 Free Spins. The chance of winning the gamble is shown in green on a wheel. Press COLLECT to keep your win without performing a gamble. Press GAMBLE to exchange your win and spin the wheel for a chance to be awarded 12 Free Spins. If the gamble is successful then 12 Free Spins are awarded. An unsuccessful gamble results in no Free Spins being awarded. Win Exchange is not offered if the Free Spins have been triggered. Symbol Wins A win is matching consecutive symbols, from left to right starting from the leftmost reel. Highest win paid per winning combination. All winning combinations are added together. See PAYS for further information. Bonus Reel The Bonus Reel may reveal multipliers. Lettuce, Onion, and Tomato multipliers are added to any Burger symbols in the reel above. Ice multipliers are added to any Wild symbols in the reel above. Onion can be x2 or x3. Lettuce can be x4 or x5. Tomato can be x8 or x10. In the base game Ice is x2. Wins are multiplied by all displayed multipliers on Wilds and Burgers participating in that win. Wild Wilds substitute for all symbols except Scatters. Wilds appear on reels 2 to 4 only. Scatter 3 or 4 Scatters in any position award 12 or 16 Free Spins, respectively. Free Spins The first Ice in the Free Spins has a multiplier of x2, the second Ice has a multiplier of x3, and so on. 3 Scatters in any position award an additional 4 Free Spins, plus 4 for each Scatter beyond the third. The stake that was used to trigger the Free Spins will be used for the Free Spins duration. At the end of the Free Spins, the total winnings for the spins will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited into the player's account and regular play then resumes. Return to Player (RTP) The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Values are calculated initially by dividing the total payouts by the total bets from a simulation of numerous game rounds. Values reflect the maximum expected RTP and do not change. General Information In some jurisdictions and casinos, an award cap might be in place. The total win for any bet cannot be higher than the award cap. To find out if an award cap is in place, check the in-game Help and the casino's terms and conditions. In the event of a non-responsive game or problem during a spin, the game will repeat the incomplete spin and display the result to the player when the game is next launched. Incomplete games will be automatically resolved after 30 minutes. Any winnings resulting from automatic resolve shall be paid to the player's account. System malfunction voids all pays and plays. Additional Information All unfinished game rounds, regardless of whether further player activity is required, shall be auto completed after thirty (30) minutes of inactivity. All winnings and/or loses from the auto completed rounds shall subsequently be deposited or withdrawn, as required, from the player's account. The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the Operator's website. For more information, refer to the Operator's website: The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. Last modification date: 9/3/2025