Starstruck Game rules Starstruck is a video slot with two features; Starstruck and Multiplying Wilds. A 3-reel, 3-row video slot with 10 symbols. 5 bet lines (see pay table for more info). Bet per line is total bet divided by 5. A Wild symbol substitutes for any other symbol except Starstruck symbol. A Wild symbol substitutes for the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the pay table. A Wild may multiply your line win by x2, x3 or x5. A Wild with a x5 multiplier only exists on the middle reel. Several Wilds with a multiplier on a winning line will multiply each other. Coinciding wins on multiple betlines are paid out. Winning combinations and pays are made according to the pay table. The highest win per activated bet line is paid, being multiplied by bet per line. Starstruck: Hot Zone on middle position on the middle reel. Starstruck: Landing the Starstruck symbol inside the Hot Zone activates the Starstruck bonus mode. Starstruck: The bonus game awards a pick and click option. Starstruck: Randomly awarded win values may be of the following set (times bet) – 5x, 10x, 15x, 20x, 25x, 30x, 50x, 60x, 75x, 100x, 200x, 250x, 300x, 500x and 1000x times the bet. The theoretical return to the player for this game is ≈94.22%. Features and spin results affect each other within a game round. All symbol payout values in pay table are displayed in the same currency as bet placed. A malfunction voids all pays and plays. Malfunction in gaming hardware/software; all affected bets are refunded. Game rounds not finished within 90days will automatically be closed. Any accumulated wins during that game round will be paid out. These rounds cannot be replayed. Autoplay automatically plays the game for selected number of rounds or when any of the advanced autoplay setting criteria are fulfilled. When changing autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect upon completion of the game round or feature. Some autoplay features may be mandatory for some jurisdictions. Last modification date: 12/31/2025