Rage of The Seas Rage of the Seas™ is a 5-reel, 4-row expandable to a 4-7-7-7-4 row video slot with 1024 up to 5488 bet ways, featuring Feature Spins, Spreading Wilds, Stacked Wilds, Major Reel Upgrade, Minor Reel Upgrade, a x2 Multiplier, Free Spins, and Extra Free Spins. The game is played with different bet values, coin values, and bet levels (only when playing with coins). It starts with 1024 bet ways. When expanding 1 reel, it results in a maximum of 1792 bet ways; expanding 2 reels offers 3136 bet ways while expanding 3 reels guarantees 5488 possible bet ways. The game can be played with cash or coins. To switch between cash and coins, go to the Game Settings. Note : Not all betting modes are available in all Casinos. Bet is the number of coins or cash bet per spin. Bet level is an option in bet settings when playing with coins, that along with the coin value modifies the amount of the bet and hence the wins. When playing with coins, the bet value is set by clicking the Bet Settings button and selecting the coin value and the bet level. When playing with cash, the bet value is set by clicking the Bet Settings button and selecting the bet. BALANCE displays the amount of cash or coins available to bet. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. When playing with cash, symbol payout values shown in the Paytable are dynamic and change in accordance with the selected bet value. When playing with coins a bet way win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Matching symbols in any position on three or more adjacent reels, starting from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel, result in a bet way win. Example as follows: Only the longest matching combination per symbol is paid. More bet way wins are created when additional instances of the symbol appear on the same reels that create the longest bet way win. A bet way win in coins is equal to the value shown in the Paytable multiplied by the bet level. This amount is also multiplied by any applicable multipliers. Simultaneous wins on different bet ways are added. Example of a bet way payout when playing a bet in coins BOOST SYMBOL & FEATURE SPINS When the Boost symbol lands on reel 2, 3 or 4, the reel expands to 7 rows, activating 4 Feature Spins. At the same time, 1 out of 5 Random Features gets activated from the next spin. If any more Boost symbols land: On an already expanded reel, 2 extra Feature Spins are activated (or 2 Extra Free Spins when in Free Spins mode). On a reel not yet expanded, the reel expands to 7 rows, 4 extra Feature Spins are awarded and 1 new Random Feature is granted for the remaining of the spins. When collecting 3 Boost symbols on reels 2, 3, and 4, the reels expand, and Free Spins are awarded. Feature Spins: Unlocked by expanding additional reels, get added to the already active Feature Spins on the counter. Are saved if the game is restored. The awarded Random Features and expanded reels last for the remaining amount of Feature Spins visible in the counter. Changing your bet deactivates both the reel expansion and the awarded features. To activate them again, and before you start a new spin, change your bet back to the original bet value set when the reels were expanded. RANDOM FEATURES The game comes with a:MULTIPLIER: Your bet way wins are multiplied x2. STACKED WILD: Stacks of Wild symbols can appear anywhere on reels 2, 3, and 4 and cover from 1 position to 4 positions. SPREADING WILD: A Spreading Wild symbol can land anywhere on reels 2, 3, and 4. Then it sticks up to 2 Spreading Wilds onto adjacent positions covering the original symbols (except on reels 1 and 5). Spreading Wild symbols cannot overlay other Wild, Scatter, or Boost symbols. MAJOR REEL UPGRADE: All anchor and barrel symbols are removed from the reels, making way for possible bigger wins. MINOR REEL UPGRADE: All steering wheel and bottle symbols are removed from the reels, making way for possible bigger wins. A Random Feature cannot be activated twice at the same time. Wild, Spreading Wild and Stacked Wild symbols pay the highest possible winning combination on a bet way according to the Paytable. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols, except other Wild, Scatter, or Boost symbols. FREE SPINS Free Spins are granted when one or both of the following possibilities happen: 3 Boost symbols get collected during normal spins or Feature Spins on reels 2, 3, and 4, and the reels expand. At least 3 Scatter symbols land on the reels on the same round. 3 Scatter symbols = 5 Free Spins 4 Scatter symbols = 8 Free Spins 5 Scatter symbols = 12 Free Spins When both of these conditions happen at the same time, the number of Free Spins acquired from Scatter symbols and Boost symbols sums up, along with the remaining number of Feature Spins. 3 Random Features are always active during Free Spins. At the start of Free Spins, 3 Random Features are randomly activated. If any Random Features were active during the round that activated Free Spins, they are chosen automatically. When the third expanding reel opens up, it activates Free Spins as if they were activated by landing 3 Scatters. Also, If there are still Feature Spins on the counter, the feature ends, and the remains are added to the total amount of Free Spins. A Boost symbol landing anywhere on reels 2, 3 or 4 awards 2 Extra Free Spins. There is no maximum number of Free Spins. After activating Free Spins, all the following sections in game tracking refer to the same number due to how Feature Spins work: Feature Spins won and Total Free Spins won. Free Spins left and Feature Spins left. Free Spins are played at the same bet as the round that activated Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins: The total win from Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. The game returns to main game. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Main Game Spin Button Click to start a game round at the current bet value. Stop Button Click to stop the game round. Quick Spin Click to turn quick spin on or off (not available in all Casinos). Autoplay Click to choose the number of Autoplay rounds and advanced Autoplay settings. Stop Autoplay If Autoplay rounds have been chosen, the remaining number of rounds is displayed on the Spin button. Click the Spin button to stop Autoplay. Bet Settings Click to set the bet value or coin value and bet level. Coin Value and Level When playing with coins, use the Coin Value and Level selectors to set the bet value. The text on the selectors is displayed in the current game language. Sound Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Menu Click to access the game settings and game information. Game Settings and Game Information Paytable Click to view winning combinations and payouts. Game Settings Click to view the game settings menu. Quick Spin : Turns the quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Spacebar to spin : Turns the spacebar function on or off. Show bet in cash : Switches between bet in cash and bet in coins. Game Rules Click to view the game rules. Game history Click to view your latest game history. The game history is available only when playing for money. Note: The game history might be displayed with a delay. Note: The game logs will always display coin rather than cash value, regardless of the mode selected before play. A reminder that a win in cash equals a win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Advanced Autoplay Settings To set advanced Autoplay settings, click on the Autoplay button and choose the number of Autoplay rounds. Then click Advanced Settings to choose one or more stop conditions. To start the Autoplay rounds, click on the Spin button. The text on the button is displayed in the current game language. On any win . Stops Autoplay when you win in a round. If Free Spins is won . Stops Autoplay when Free Spins are won. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by : Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by : Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all chosen Autoplay stop conditions. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some Autoplay settings are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Close Click to go back to the main game. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English English Term Translated Term Boost Boost Scatter Scatter Feature Spins Feature Spins Random Features Random Features Multiplier Multiplier Wild Wild Stacked Wild Stacked Wild Spreading Wild Spreading Wild Major Reel Upgrade Major Reel Upgrade Minor Reel Upgrade Minor Reel Upgrade Free Spins Free Spins Extra Free Spins Extra Free Spins Ways Ways Big Win Big Win Mega Win Mega Win Super Mega Win Super Mega Win Last modification date: 5/29/2025