Dragon Born Introducing the game Dragon Born is a six-reel video slot featuring Big Time Gaming's unique Megaways™ Megaways™ A Megaways™ slot can produce up to 7 icons per reel each spin. Wild multipliers also increase the ways to win up to x7 per reel. This means every spin can produce up to 117649 ways to win! How to play Select your stake by clicking the left and right arrow buttons on the stake. The stake value is displayed in the stake display. All payouts are multiplied by the stake of each individual spin. Auto play To set up Auto play press the Auto button. This will display Auto play panel which the player can use to modify the number of spins, set a loss limit or set a win limit. When a loss limit has been set the player can select Start to commence auto play. When Auto play is on, the Play button will change to a Stop button. The remaining Auto plays will be displayed in the Stop button. The player can cancel Auto play by clicking the Stop button. Auto play will stop automatically if any of the limits set is reached or anything occurs that requires player intervention. Auto play may not be available in your jurisdiction. Start the spin Press the Play button to start the spin at the stake displayed. The reels will spin and then come to stop, displaying the result. Bonus Buy Press the Bonus Buy button to access the Bonus Buy menu. You may buy 6 Free Spins for 50 times the Free Spins Stake. When buying the bonus, you may randomly be awarded an additional 6 Free Spins at no extra cost. The Free Spins Stake can be changed by pressing the plus and minus buttons on the Free Spins Stake display. The Free Spins Stake will apply to each Free Spin. Press the price to buy the bonus for that price. The price will be deducted from your balance. Bonus Buy may be limited or unavailable in your jurisdiction. Symbol Wins A win is matching consecutive symbols, regardless of height, from left to right starting from the leftmost reel. Highest win paid per winning combination. All winning combinations are added together. See PAYS for further information. Full Reel Wild icons Full Reel Wilds counts as up to 7 symbols and substitute every symbol except scatter. All involved combinations are multiplied by 1 unless otherwise shown on the symbol The Diamond Scatter icon The Diamond scatter icon can appear in any of the reels and do not have to be consecutive or start from the left most reel. 3 or more Diamond scatter icons in the result trigger the free spins feature. See PAYS for further information. Free Spins Feature Free Spins reels are fixed 7x6 symbols ensuring every spin has 117649 ways to win! The stake that was used to trigger the Free Spins will be used for the Free Spins duration. At the end of the Free Spins, the total winnings for the spins will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited into the player's account and regular play then resumes. Additional Free Spins During the Free Spins feature every Diamond Scatter icon in the result adds an additional spin. Up to five free spins can be added per free spin. The amount of additional spins that can be added during free spins is unlimited. Return to Player (RTP) The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Values are calculated initially by dividing the total payouts by the total bets from a simulation of numerous game rounds. Values reflect the maximum expected RTP and do not change. The RTP is defined at different stages or modes of the game. Overall RTP: 94.04% Bonus Buy RTP: 94.08% General Information In some jurisdictions and casinos, an award cap might be in place. The total win for any bet cannot be higher than the award cap. To find out if an award cap is in place, check the in-game Help and the casino's terms and conditions. In the event of a non-responsive game or problem during a spin, the game will repeat the incomplete spin and display the result to the player when the game is next launched. Incomplete games will be automatically resolved after 30 minutes. Any winnings resulting from automatic resolve shall be paid to the player's account. System malfunction voids all pays and plays. Volatility index: 8.8 (High). Additional Information All unfinished game rounds, regardless of whether further player activity is required, shall be auto completed after thirty (30) minutes of inactivity. All winnings and/or loses from the auto completed rounds shall subsequently be deposited or withdrawn, as required, from the player's account. The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the Operator's website. For more information, refer to the Operator's website: The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. Last modification date: 11/13/2025