Bushido Ways xNudge BUSHIDO WAYS xNUDGE The game features a 5x4 reel area, 1,024 ways that can expand up to 12,288 ways to win, Wilds / Sliced Wilds, OniTransform and The Wild Geisha. Every so often, Bushido Warriors spins their way into the lucrative Shogun Spins - which is the free spins feature of the game. Simultaneously landing a Wild Geisha turns the Shogun Spins into the even more lucrative Geisha Spins! The most honourable and fearless Bushido warriors get to experience The Journey’s End - which is only achievable by reaching the maximum payout of the game, 30,000x. Game Features Shogun Spins When landing 3 Bonus symbols, 8 Shogun Spins are awarded. Any additional Bonus symbol that lands awards +1 Shogun Spin. For every spin, at least one guaranteed single wild will land on reel 2, 3, 4 or 5. It is possible to upgrade to Geisha Spins by landing The Wild Geisha during Shogun Spins. Extra Geisha Spins are awarded equal to the multiplier achieved. Geisha Spins When landing 3 Bonus symbols at the same time as the The Wild Geisha lands, 8 Geisha Spins are awarded. For each nudge the The Wild Geisha does, a sticky multiplier is awarded. Extra Geisha Spins are awarded equal to the xNudge multiplier. +1 spin is awarded if landing an extra Bonus symbol. +1 Geisha Spin is awarded if landing extra Bonus symbols during the bonus rounds. For every spin at least one guaranteed single wild will land on reels 2, 4 or 5. Wilds & Sliced Wilds There are single position Wilds on reel 2, 3, 4 and 5 and they substitute for any other symbol except for the Bonus symbols. The Wilds are sliced into 2 Wilds on reel 3, into 3 Wilds on reel 4 and into 4 Wilds on reel 5. In The Shogun Spins and Geisha Spins they also copy themselves downwards to the bottom row before possible slice occurs. Oni Transform When landing Bonus symbols at the same time as stacked Samurai symbols, they transform in to the best paying symbol present on the reels. They will also transform all lower valued stacked Samurai symbols to the best paying symbol present on the reels. The Wild Geisha A 4-row high Wild symbol exists on reel 3 and it will always nudge to become fully visible when it lands. For every step that the Wild nudge, the win multiplier increases by 1. The Wild symbol substitutes for any other symbol except for Bonus symbols. Nolimit Bonus - Feature Buy Functionality Buy your way straight into the lucrative Shogun or Geisha Spins feature, with the option to trigger the Shogun spins for 75x bet and Geisha spins feature for 700x bet. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. RTP - 94%