Spiñata Grande™ Game Rules Spiñata Grande™ is a 5-reel, 4-row, 40-bet line video slot. The game features Colossal symbols, a Mini-Slot feature, stacked symbols, Free Spins and Colossal Wild. The game is played with 40 bet lines (fixed), 1-10 bet levels (20 coins per level) and different coin values. The bet level is set using the LEVEL selector. AUTOPLAY automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. MAX BET plays the game at the maximum bet lines, highest bet level, and the current coin value. The coin value is set using the COIN VALUE selector. COINS displays the number of coins the player has available to wager. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE . Alternatively, click any symbol on the reels during the main game to view a mini paytable for that symbol. The Colossal Bonus symbol and Mini-Slot feature do not have a mini paytable. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown on the PAYTABLE multiplied by the bet level. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Bet line wins pay if in succession from leftmost to right, except Scatter symbols. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. Stacked Symbols In both the main game and Free Spins, all symbols appear as stacked symbols on the reels, except for Colossal symbols. Colossal Symbols In the main game, all symbols also appear as a Colossal version. The Colossal symbol is a symbol block of 2x2 or 3x3 symbols, which appears as an overlay anywhere on the reels and spins separately on top of the reels. Colossal symbols will be fully or partially displayed depending on how the reel lands, however the Colossal symbol will always be fully displayed on the row. In Free Spins, the only Colossal symbols are the Colossal Bonus symbol, the Colossal Wild and 3x3 versions of the Animal Spiñatas symbols (see the PAYTABLE for Animal Spiñatas symbols). Any part of a Colossal symbol included in a winning bet line pays according to the paytable. Colossal Wild Colossal Wild is a symbol block of 3x3 symbols and can appear on the 3 middle reels in Free Spins only. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except for Colossal Bonus symbols. Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the PAYTABLE . Colossal Bonus Symbol The Colossal Bonus symbol is a symbol block of 3x3 symbols and can appear anywhere on the reels in the main game and in Free Spins. If all or part of the Colossal Bonus symbol appears on the reels after a spin, the symbol turns into a Mini-Slot. Mini-Slot Feature The part of the Colossal Bonus symbol that appears on the reels after a spin turns into 3, 6 or 9 individual Mini-Slot symbols. The Mini-Slot symbols spin individually. In the main game the Mini-Slot contains different Scatter symbols; Free Spins symbols, Extra Spin symbols and 3 different Coin symbols. Bronze Coin symbol = 20 coin wins Silver Coin symbol = 40 coin wins Gold Coin symbol = 80 coin wins The Mini-Slot feature spins once. After the spin, any coin wins are added to the total win. 3 Free Spins symbols appearing anywhere in the Mini-Slot in the main game activates Free Spins. In Free Spins the Mini-Slot contains the Scatter symbols Extra Spin and Bronze Coin symbols only. For every Extra Spin symbol appearing in the Mini-Slot, 1 extra Free Spin is rewarded. Coin wins are multiplied by the bet level. Free Spins 3 Free Spins symbols award 5 Free Spins. For every Extra Spin symbol 1 extra Free Spin is awarded. If the Mini-Slot feature is activated during Free Spins additional Free Spins can be won. Additional Free Spins won are automatically added to the current Free Spins. Free Spins are played at the same bet level and coin value as the round that activated Free Spins. The total win field includes any wins during Free Spins added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. Free Spin wins are added to any bet line wins. At the end of Free Spins, the game returns to the round that activated Free Spins. Game Functions The table below lists the different buttons found in the game and describes their functions. Button Function Click to start a game round at the current bet level and coin value (alternatively, press the spacebar). Click to open the game settings menu and select game options. Refer to Game Settings section below. Click to mute the game sounds or use the slider to adjust the sound volume. Click to open the game rules. Click to open the Autoplay settings menu and play the game automatically. Select the number of spins to Autoplay or open the Advanced Settings to configure stop Autoplay options. Click the arrows pointing to the left or right to scroll through the PAYTABLE pages. Click the center button to return to the game. Click to view the PAYTABLE . Click the page indicators to select a PAYTABLE page. Click to return to the game. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Quick Spin . Turns the Quick spin option on or off (not available in all Casinos). Intro Screen . Turns the intro screen on or off. Animations . Turns the animations on or off. Intro movie . Turns the intro movie on or off. Ambience sound . Turns the background soundtrack on or off. Sound effects . Turns the game sound effects on or off. Graphics quality . Adjusts the graphic quality for optimal performance. Spacebar to spin . Turns the spacebar function on or off. Game history . Click to view your latest game history (not available when PLAYING FOR FUN ). Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTOPLAY , and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stops Autoplay when you win in a round. If Free Spins is won Stops Autoplay if Free Spins is won. If single win exceeds . Stops Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stops Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stops Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Click Reset to clear all selected Stop Autoplay options. Note: When changing Autoplay settings during a game round or Free Spins, all settings will take effect once the game round or feature is completed. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Wild Wild Colossal Bonus Colossal Bonus Free Spins Free Spins Colossal Colossal Scatter Scatter Mini-Slot Mini-Slot Colossal Wild Colossal Wild Gold Coin Gold Coin Silver Coin Silver Coin Bronze Coin Bronze Coin Extra Spin Extra Spin Last modification date: 5/29/2025