Danger High Voltage II Danger High Voltage II Help Introducing the game Danger High Voltage II is a 6 reel Megaways™ game with up to 117,649 ways to win, featuring a Megadozer™ that delivers bonuses. How to play Select your stake by clicking the left and right arrow buttons on the stake. The stake value is displayed in the stake display. All payouts are multiplied by the stake of each individual spin. Auto play To set up Auto play press the Auto button. This will display Auto play panel which the player can use to modify the number of spins, set a loss limit or set a win limit. When a loss limit has been set the player can select Start to commence auto play. When Auto play is on, the Play button will change to a Stop button. The remaining Auto plays will be displayed in the Stop button. The player can cancel Auto play by clicking the Stop button. Auto play will stop automatically if any of the limits set is reached or anything occurs that requires player intervention. Auto play may not be available in your jurisdiction. Start the spin Press the Play button to start the spin at the stake displayed. The reels will spin and then come to stop, displaying the result. Bonus Buy Press the Bonus Buy button to access the Bonus Buy menu. You may buy a Free Spins bonus for 100 times the Free Spins Stake. The feature choice selection screen will appear after buying a bonus. The Free Spins Stake can be changed by pressing the plus and minus buttons on the Free Spins Stake display. The Free Spins Stake will apply to each Free Spin. Press the price to buy the bonus for that price. The price will be deducted from your balance. Bonus Buy may be limited or unavailable in your jurisdiction. Symbol Wins A win is matching consecutive symbols, regardless of height, from left to right starting from the leftmost reel. Highest win paid per winning combination. All winning combinations are added together. See PAYS for further information. Reactions All winning symbols, except Scatters, are part of a reaction and are replaced by symbols coming from above. Megadozer™ There is a Coin Dozer above the reels which may deliver one or more Bonus Coins during any spin, including reactions. Every base game spin begins with a win multiplier of 1. In the base game, every Bonus Coin reveals one of the following bonuses: • A Wild which may have a multiplier of x2, x3, or x5 is added to the reels. All wins with a Multiplier Wild will be multiplied by the displayed multiplier. • A Scatter is added to the reels. • A win multiplier for the current base game increments by one. All wins for the remainder of the base game spin will be multiplied by the win multiplier. Wild Wild substitutes for all symbols except Scatters. Wild occurs on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 only. Scatter In the base game, 3 or more Scatters in any position award Free Spins. Choose either the Fire in the Disco! Free Spins or the Danger Danger!! Free Spins. The stake that was used to trigger the Free Spins will be used for the Free Spins duration. At the end of the Free Spins, the total winnings for the spins will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited into the player's account and regular play then resumes. Fire In The Disco! Free Spins 6 Free Spins are awarded. Every Bonus Coin reveals one of the following bonuses: • A Wild which will persist onscreen for the next two wins is added to the reels. • An additional Free Spin is awarded. 2 or more Scatters in any position at the end of a Free Spin award an additional 2 Free Spins, plus 2 for each Scatter beyond the second. Scatters occur on reels 1 and 6 only. Danger Danger!! Free Spins 12 Free Spins are awarded. Every Bonus Coin reveals one of the following bonuses: • The Feature Wild Multiplier, which begins at 2, increments by 1. • A Wild with a multiplier equal to the current Feature Wild Multiplier is added to the reels. Only Bonus Coins on Reels 3 and 4 will deliver Wilds. 3 or more Scatters in any position at the end of a Free Spin award an additional 2 Free Spins, plus 2 for each Scatter beyond the third. Return to Player (RTP) The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Values are calculated initially by dividing the total payouts by the total bets from a simulation of numerous game rounds. Values reflect the maximum expected RTP and do not change. The RTP is defined at different stages or modes of the game. Overall RTP: 94.46% Bonus Buy RTP: 94.57% Return to Player (RTP) The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Values are calculated initially by dividing the total payouts by the total bets from a simulation of numerous game rounds. Values reflect the maximum expected RTP and do not change. The RTP is defined at different stages or modes of the game. Overall RTP: 86.30% Bonus Buy RTP: 86.41% Return to Player (RTP) The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Values are calculated initially by dividing the total payouts by the total bets from a simulation of numerous game rounds. Values reflect the maximum expected RTP and do not change. The RTP is defined at different stages or modes of the game. Overall RTP: 96.66% Bonus Buy RTP: 96.77% General Information In the event of a non-responsive game or problem during a spin, the game will repeat the incomplete spin and display the result to the player when the game is next launched. Incomplete games will be automatically resolved after 30 minutes. Any winnings resulting from automatic resolve shall be paid to player's account. System malfunction voids all pays and plays. 'Danger High Voltage' performed by Electric Six licensed courtesy of SONY/ATV Publishing Ltd. Volatility index: 8.4 (High). Additional Information All unfinished game rounds, regardless of whether further player activity is required, shall be auto completed after thirty (30) minutes of inactivity. All winnings and/or loses from the auto completed rounds shall subsequently be deposited or withdrawn, as required, from the player's account. The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the Operator's website. For more information, refer to the Operator's website: • The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. • In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded.