Parthenon: Quest for Immortality Game Basics Parthenon: Quest for ImmortalityŌäó is a 6-reel video slot with the AvalancheŌäó feature, the Wild Generation Zone and Free Spins with a progressive multiplier. The reels are arranged in a pattern where reels 1 and 6 are 4 rows high, while reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 are 5 rows high. The game is played with 10 000 bet ways and different bet values. Matching symbols in any position on three or more adjacent reels, from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel, without gaps, result in a bet way win. More bet way wins are created when additional instances of the symbol appear on the same reels that make the longest bet way win. Only the longest matching combination per symbol is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet ways are added. A bet way win is equal to the value shown in the Paytable. Symbol payout values shown in the Paytable are dynamic and change in accordance with the selected bet value. Bet Ways Calculation Example The longest winning combination of Medusa symbols is 4 symbols on reels 1ŌĆō4. The number of winning bet ways is calculated by multiplying the number of Medusa symbols on each of these reels: 1 x 3 x 1 x 2 = 6 winning bet ways. AvalancheŌäó Feature A bet way win appearing on the reels starts an AvalancheŌäó. Symbols in winning combinations disappear, leaving space for a new Avalanche of symbols. The Avalanches continue until there are no more wins on the reels. Wild Generation Zone Feature In the main game and in Free Spins, the top row of reels 2ŌĆō5 is the Wild Generation Zone. Any symbol in the Wild Generation Zone that is part of a winning combination transforms into a Wild symbol after the wins are evaluated and before the next Avalanche. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except for the Scatter symbols. Wild symbol substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a bet line, according to the Paytable. Free Spins 3 Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on reels activate 8 Free Spins. Each additional Scatter symbol appearing in the main game awards 4 more Free Spins, after all Avalanches have happened. Scatter symbols appearing during Free Spins are collected in the Free Spins collect meter at the end of each spin. After the spin wins are evaluated and there are no more Avalanches, if the number of Scatter symbols in the collect meter reaches 3, 2 additional Free Spins are awarded and the Scatter collect meter is reset to 0. During Free Spins, the Free Spins Multiplier starts at x1. Each symbol transforming into a Wild symbol increases the Free Spins Multiplier by 1 up to a maximum of x20, after the wins are evaluated. All bet way wins are multiplied by the current Free Spins Multiplier. Free Spins are played at the same bet value as the round that activated Free Spins. At the end of Free Spins, the total win from Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins, and the game returns to the round that activated Free Spins. Pay Mechanic The game is played with 10 000 bet ways. Matching symbols in any position on three or more adjacent reels, starting from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel, without gaps, result in a bet way win. Only the longest matching combination per symbol is paid. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. For more information, see Unfinished Game Rounds. Betting To play the game, you must have sufficient funds to cover your bet. You can see your current BALANCE on your screen. To start playing, first select the bet value. Click/tap "+" or "-" to increase or reduce the bet or click/tap on the bet value in the middle and select a bet value from a scrollable list. Please note that the selected bet will be applied to each spin. If your balance becomes insufficient to play, your bet will be automatically reduced to the highest available bet value. Minimum bet: Ōü”Ōü”$Ōü®0.2 Maximum bet: Ōü”Ōü”$Ōü®200Ōü® Once you have chosen the bet, click/tap the SPIN button to start playing. During a spin, you can use the STOP button to stop the reels more quickly if possible. Responsible Gaming The RESPONSIBLE GAMING button allows you to access the page outlining the Responsible Gaming policy. This page provides useful information and links regarding responsible online gaming behaviour and how to set limitations to your game sessions. Unfinished Game Rounds All unfinished game rounds, regardless of whether further player activity is required, shall be auto completed after thirty (30) minutes of inactivity. All winnings and/or losses from the auto completed rounds shall subsequently be deposited or withdrawn, as required, from the player's account. The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the Operator's website. For more information, refer to the Operator's website: The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets are rendered void and all affected bets are refunded. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Game Number Each game round is identified by a unique GAME NUMBER. This number reflects when the game round began in terms of GMT by hour: minute: second . Please use this game number for reference (or take a screenshot of the game number) if you wish to contact Customer Service regarding a particular round. Shortcut Keys Shortcut keys can be used to quickly perform useful game functions. KEY FUNCTION ESC When applicable, the ESC key can be used to: Exit full-screen mode. Close an open pop-up window (Game History, How to Play, Settings, etc.). SPACEBAR When applicable, the SPACEBAR key can be used to: Start a spin (if the ŌĆ£Spacebar to spin / stop spinŌĆØ option is enabled). Skip some of the animations and end the game round more quickly if possible.