Detroit Pistons Blackjack Game Objective The objective of First Person Blackjack is to achieve a higher card count than the virtual dealer, but without exceeding 21. The best hand is Blackjack — when the sum of values of the first two dealt cards is exactly 21. Played with 8 decks. Cards are shuffled before each game. Dealer always stands on hard 17 and hits on soft 17. The dealer checks for Blackjack on 10-J-Q-K. Double on any two initial cards. Double after Split. Split initial cards of equal value. Only one Split per hand. Single card dealt to each Split Ace. Insurance offered when the dealer shows an Ace. Blackjack pays 3 to 2. Insurance pays 2 to 1. Push game when hands are tied. Game Rules The game is played with 8 standard 52-card decks. Card values are as follows: Cards from 2 to 10 are worth their face values. Face cards (Jacks, Queens, and Kings) are each worth 10. Aces are worth 1 or 11, whichever is more favorable to the hand. Note that a soft hand includes an Ace worth 11. Five hands are available. You can place your bets on one or multiple hands. After you have placed your bets, click/tap the DEAL button to start the dealing. Dealing starts from the hand closest to the “shoe” and continues clockwise, ending with the virtual dealer. One card is dealt face-up to each hand and the virtual dealer. Afterwards, the second card is dealt face-up to each hand and the last card is dealt face-down to the virtual dealer. The value of each initial hand is displayed next to the cards for each hand. Blackjack If the value of your initial two-card hand is exactly 21, you have Blackjack! Insurance If the virtual dealer’s upcard is an Ace, you are given the option to purchase insurance to offset the risk that the virtual dealer has Blackjack — even when you have Blackjack yourself. The amount of insurance equals half of your main bet, and the insurance bet is settled separately from the bet on your hand. The virtual dealer’s downcard is then checked for Blackjack. If there is no Blackjack, the round continues. If the virtual dealer has Blackjack, but you don’t, the virtual dealer’s hand wins. If you both have Blackjack, the game ends in a push and your bet is returned. Dealer checks for Blackjack on 10 If the dealer’s upcard is a 10 or a face card, virtual dealer will check if the downcard is an Ace and dealer has Blackjack. If the dealer has Blackjack, the dealer’s hand wins. If you and the dealer both have Blackjack, the game ends in a push and your bet is returned. If the dealer does not have Blackjack, the round continues. Double, Hit, or Stand When the virtual dealer does not have Blackjack upon checking the two initial cards, players are given the chance to improve the values of their hands in turn by choosing to have further cards dealt. If the value of your initial hand is not 21, you can decide to Double. In this case, you will double your bet and be dealt only one additional card to add to your hand. Alternatively, you can decide to Hit to be dealt an additional card to add to the value of your hand. You can Hit more than once to receive additional cards before you decide to Stand once you are satisfied with the value of your hand. Split If your initial hand is a pair of cards of equal value, you can decide to Split the pair to make two separate hands, each with a separate bet equal to the main bet. After a second card is dealt to both of your hands, you can improve the value of these two hands by deciding to Hit or Double. Again, you can choose to Stand once you are satisfied with the value of your two hands. However, if you Split an initial pair of Aces, you will receive only one additional card per hand with no option to Hit or Double. Cash Out After the cards are dealt and if the dealer does not have Blackjack, you have a decision to make. One of the decisions presented to you is to cash out: if you decide to cash out, the game for that hand will end, and you will receive back the value that is shown to you in the Cash Out decision button. The Cash Out payout ratio changes based on your total score for the hand and the dealer face-up card. The Cash Out rule applies only to your main bet. You can control the visibility of this option in your decision panel in Settings. Outcome If the sum of your hand exceeds 21, you bust and lose your bet on that hand. When decisions have been made for all hands, the virtual dealer’s down card is revealed.The virtual dealer must stand on a hand of a hard 17 and hit on a soft 17. Remember that a “soft hand” includes an Ace worth 11. You win if the value of your final hand is closer to 21 than the virtual dealer’s hand, or when the dealer busts. If the value of your hand is the same, the game round ends in a push and your bet is returned. If you decide to Cash Out, you will receive the value shown in the Cash Out decision button when the decision was offered to you. Blackjack is only possible using the two cards in the initial two-card deal. A hand of 21 resulting from a split pair is not considered a Blackjack. Therefore, Blackjack beats any hand of 21. Side Bets This First Person Blackjack game also includes optional side bets — Perfect Pairs and 21+3. Please note that the main bet is required to place side bets. You have the chance to win on any side bet whether you subsequently win or lose on your main bet. Perfect Pairs The Perfect Pairs side bet gives you a chance to win if your first two cards comprise any pair — for example, two Queens, two Aces or two 3s. There are three types of pairs, each with a different payout: Perfect Pair — same suit, e.g., two Aces of Spades. Colored Pair — different suits of the same color, e.g. 2 of Diamonds + 2 of Hearts. Mixed Pair — different suits of a different color, e.g., 10 of Hearts + 10 of Clubs. 21+3 The 21+3 side bet gives you a chance to win if your first two cards plus the dealer’s upcard comprise any of the following winning combinations (similar to those in poker), each with a different payout: Suited Trips — an identical triplet, e.g. 3 Queens of Hearts. Straight Flush — in numerical sequence and same suit, e.g. 10, Jack, and Queen of Diamonds. Three of a Kind — same value but of different suits, e.g. any 3 non-matching Kings. Straight — in numerical sequence but of different suits, e.g. 2 of Spades + 3 of Clubs + 4 of Hearts. Flush — non-sequential cards of the same suit, e.g. 2, 6 and 10 of Clubs. Payouts Blackjack pays 3:2. A winning hand pays 1:1. Insurance pays 2:1. Cash Out pays 0.4–1.77x. Perfect Pairs Hand Payout Perfect Pair 25:1 Colored Pair 12:1 Mixed Pair 6:1 21+3 Hand Payout Suited Trips 100:1 Straight Flush 40:1 Three of a Kind 30:1 Straight 10:1 Flush 5:1 Please note that any malfunction voids the game round and all eventual payouts for the round. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Return to Player The optimal theoretical payout percentage is: Blackjack — 99.30% Perfect Pairs bet — 95.90% 21+3 bet — 96.30%. The theoretical payout percentage for always taking the early cash out offer is 96.80%. Place Bets The BET LIMITS panel shows the minimum and maximum allowed bet limits at the table, which may change from time to time. Open the Bet Limits to check your current limits. Detroit Pistons Blackjack ⁦⁦⁦$⁩1⁩ – 3,000⁩ To participate in the game, you must have sufficient funds to cover your bets. You can see your current BALANCE on your screen. BALANCE ⁦⁦$⁩100,000⁩ The CHIP DISPLAY allows you to select the value of each chip you wish to bet. Only chips of denominations that can be covered by your current balance will be enabled. 1 5 25 100 500 If your balance is too high to be reflected in the CHIP DISPLAY, the CHIP PLAQUE will appear. Once you have selected a chip, place your bet by simply clicking/tapping the appropriate bet spot on the game table. Each time you click/tap the bet spot, the amount of your bet increases by the value of the selected chip or up to the maximum limit for the type of bet you have selected. Once you have bet the maximum limit, no additional funds will be accepted for that bet, and a message will appear above your bet to notify you that you have bet the maximum. After you have placed a valid bet, click/tap the DEAL button to start the dealing. DEAL The REBET button allows you to repeat all your bets from the previous game round. This button becomes available after every game round. The REBET button will change to DEAL if you choose to place new bets or after you have clicked/tapped the REBET button. REBET The DOUBLE (x2) button becomes available after you have placed any bet. Each click/tap doubles all your bets up to the maximum limit. Note that you must have a sufficient account balance to double ALL your placed bets. The UNDO button removes the last bet you placed. The TOTAL BET indicator displays the total amount of all bets placed in the current round. TOTAL BET $⁩500⁩ Make a Decision As soon as you receive your first two cards, you can make an initial decision regarding your hand. The decision options (e.g. Hit, Stand, Double, Split, Cash Out) will be displayed at your seat, and only those options currently available to you will be enabled. MAKE YOUR DECISION DOUBLE HIT STAND SPLIT CASH OUT $ 12.5 The decision options are represented as follows: HIT: an additional card is drawn. STAND: no additional cards are drawn. DOUBLE: your bet is doubled and only one additional card is drawn. SPLIT: your bet is doubled, and your cards are split into two individual hands. CASH OUT: the round is finished for your hand and you will receive back the amount displayed on the Cash Out button. The amount that you will get back depends on the value of your hand and the dealer’s face-up card and will only apply to the main bet. The early Cash Out option will not be possible if you decided to double or you busted, and if the value of your hand is 21 or a Blackjack. Speed You can change the game speed between rounds. Speed Fast Normal Live Support Contact Live Support for game-related inquiries. Sound Sound controls all sounds in the game. Game History Game History displays your Evolution game rounds and results. Settings Settings let you customize user preferences that are saved to your profile. Responsible Gaming The RESPONSIBLE GAMING button allows you to access the page outlining the Responsible Gaming policy. This page provides useful information and links regarding responsible online gaming behavior and how to set limitations to your game sessions. Disconnection Policy Should disconnection occur after a bet is placed but before the DEAL button is clicked/tapped, your bet will be returned after reconnection. If the connection is lost after the DEAL button is clicked/tapped while making a decision, the game will resume after reconnection. If reconnection does not occur within 20 minutes, the auto decision — Stand — will be performed and the game will be settled. Please note that even if you are at the table but do not play (place or change your bet and click/tap take DEAL button or make any decision), this will also be considered as a disconnection. Shuffling Cards will be shuffled before each game round. More Games Evolution Lobby — easy game selection without exiting your current game until a new game is chosen. Lobby Shortcut Keys Shortcut keys can be used to quickly perform useful game functions. Key Function Number Keys from 1 onwards Select the desired chip from the chip display. Key “1” corresponds to the leftmost chip with the lowest value. Key “2” selects the next highest value chip, and so on. SPACEBAR Repeat your most recent bet. Press SPACEBAR a second time to start the game. CTRL+Z (CMD+Z), DELETE, BACKSPACE Undo your last bet. Hold for 3 seconds to remove all your bets. ESC When applicable, the ESC key can be used to: Exit the full-screen mode Close an open pop-up window (History, How To Play, Settings, etc.) Last modification date: 3/16/2026