Road Rage Game rules Road Rage is a video slot with following feature(s): - Morning Rush - H1ghway Jam - City Mayh3m - Mystery Symbol - Wild Cars - Rage Buff A 5-reel, up to 5-row video slot with 23 symbols. 99 connected win ways by default (see pay table for more info). A Wild symbol substitutes for any other symbol except Scatter. A Wild symbol substitutes for the highest possible winning combination according to the pay table. A winning combination of the same symbol pays from leftmost to right on adjacent reels. Coinciding wins on multiple combinations are paid out. Winning combinations and pays are made according to the pay table. Different reel configurations are used, depending on the game mode (main game or any of the bonus modes). The theoretical return to the player for this game is 94.16%. The theoretical return to the player for Morning Rush feature buy is 94.43%. The theoretical return to the player for H1ghway Jam feature buy is 94.08%. The theoretical return to the player for City Mayh3m feature buy is 94.10%. The theoretical return to the player for Lucky Draw feature buy is 94.09%. Simulated maximum payout is 36000 times the bet (1:113000000 rounds). Wild payout only occurs when a full screen of Wilds, and the game round will end and 36000 times the base bet is awarded. When the total win exceeds 36000x, the game round will end and 36000 times the base bet is awarded. Features and spin results affect each other within a game round. All symbol payout values in pay table are displayed in the same currency as bet placed. A malfunction voids all pays and plays. Malfunction in gaming hardware/software; all affected bets are refunded. Game rounds not finished within 90days will automatically be closed. Any accumulated wins during that game round will be paid out. These rounds cannot be replayed. Game rounds with a win that can be gambled with, that is not finished within 24hours will automatically be closed. Any accumulated wins during that game round will be paid out. Autoplay automatically plays the game for selected number of rounds or when any of the advanced autoplay setting criteria are fulfilled. When changing autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect upon completion of the game round or feature. Some autoplay features may be mandatory for some jurisdictions. Last modification date: 5/14/2025