Piggy Riches Game Rules Piggy Riches™ is a 5-reel, 15-line, multiple coin video slot featuring scatter wins, Free spins, and wild substitutes. You can play 1 to 15 bet lines at 1 to 10 bet levels. The spin button plays the game at the current bet lines and bet level. MAX BET plays the game at the maximum bet lines, highest bet level, and the current coin value. AUTO automatically plays the game for the selected number of rounds. Scatter wins pay total bet x payout displayed in the PAYTABLE . Bet line wins pay if in succession from leftmost to right. Wild symbols substitute for the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the PAYTABLE . Only the highest win per active bet line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. A bet line win in coins is equal to the value shown in the PAYTABLE multiplied by the bet level. This amount is also multiplied by any applicable multipliers. A bet line win in currency is equal to the win in coins multiplied by the coin value. At the end of Free Spins, the total win from Free Spins is added to any wins from the round that activated Free Spins. Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except Scatter symbols. In both the main game and Free Spins, bet line wins with Wild pay x3. Scatter wins pay total bet x multiplier. All wins pay on selected bet lines only, except for wins with Scatter symbols. In the main game only, Scatter wins pay total bet x multiplier. Game History is not available in PLAYING FOR FUN mode. Free Spins 3 or more Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on the reels in the main game activate Free Spins. Scatter wins are paid independent of bet lines selected. Free Spins are played at the same number of bet lines, bet level and coin value as the round that activated Free Spins. Each winning Scatter symbol shows a Free Spin and multiplier combination. The multiplier is applied to all wins in Free Spins. Choose one of the Scatter symbols to start playing Free Spins. Scatter symbols appearing on the reels during Free Spins only award additional Free Spins. These Free Spins are automatically added to the current Free Spins. Scatter and Free Spins wins are added to any line wins. Advanced Autoplay Options To set advanced autoplay options click AUTO in the game panel, and then click Advanced settings . On any win . Stop Autoplay when you win in a round. If Free Spins is won . Stop Autoplay when Free Spins is won. If single win exceeds . Stop Autoplay when the amount you win exceeds or equals the amount you specify. If cash increases by . Stop Autoplay if cash increases by the amount you specify. If cash decreases by . Stop Autoplay if cash decreases by the amount you specify. Note: If you are disconnected while playing, all Autoplay settings will return to default when you reload the game. Note: Some autoplay options are mandatory for some jurisdictions. Game Setting Options To access game settings, click the spanner icon in the game panel. Sound effects . Turn on or off sound effects played for events. Ambience sound . Turn on or off the background soundtrack. Game history . Click to view your latest game history. Note: Some Casinos may operate without all of the listed game settings. Return to Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.4% The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Additional Information The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Translations of Game Terminology Note : The following table is only applicable if you are playing in a language other than English. English Term Translated Term Autoplay Autoplay Free Spins Free Spins Multiplier Multiplier Paytable Paytable Scatter Scatter Wild Wild Wins Wins Win up to Win up to Last modification date: 7/1/2025