Fluffy in Space Fluffy In Space Board the Rocket and blast off into outer space with your Fluffy Favourites. Join Nellie and her crew as they explore the cosmos for intergalactic riches! The Planet will reward you with Free Games. How many times will you collect Nellie in the Fluffy In Space feature? How to Play Select the bet per line value by clicking the Bet button. Drag the slider up or down to modify the bet per line. The number of lines is fixed at 25. The total stake amount will be the credits per line multiplied by the number of lines. For example, if you select 0.02 credits/Line, then the total amount staked will be (0.02x25) 0.50 credits. This is shown in the BET area. Clicking the menu button will display the game paytable, a description of the features in the game and any other relevant information about the game. Payouts A single payment only made per winning line. Highest win only on each selected line. A symbol can contribute to one or more winning lines. The win line payouts are accumulated. The value of any payout is displayed in the WIN area. In the case of any malfunction, all bets and winnings are null and void.All line wins pay left to right. Special Features FREE GAMES 6 Free Games are triggered when 3 or more scattered Planet symbols appear anywhere. If Fluffy In Space Feature and Free Games are awarded on the same spin, Fluffy In Space Feature will play and complete before Free Games. Free Games can be retriggered with 3 additional free games. The Fluffy In Space Feature can be won during Free Games. Free Games are played using the same paylines and wager as the triggering game. Free Games can be retriggered a maximum of 50 times. FLUFFY IN SPACE FEATURE The Fluffy In Space Feature is triggered when 3 or more scattered Nellie symbols appear anywhere on reels 2,3 and 4. Nellie appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 only and can appear in stacks of two. Nellie can appear on any reel only during Fluffy In Space Feature. If Fluffy In Space Feature and Free Games are awarded on the same spin, Fluffy In Space Feature will play and complete before Free Games. The scattered Nellie symbols that triggered the feature remain in their positions and all other positions turn into individual reels. 3 Free Spins are awarded. Each scattered Nellie symbol appearing is held and the number of Free Spins remaining resets to 3. The Feature ends when either no more Free Spins remain or if 15 scattered Nellie symbols are on the screen. Each scattered Nellie symbol on the screen will reveal a Bonus Prize to be awarded. Each scattered Nellie symbol awards a prize of up to 500x the total wager. Paytable prizes are not awarded during the Feature. SUBSTITUTE The Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except scattered Planet and Nellie symbols. Wild appears on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 only. Auto Play Auto play allows the option to play more than one game without having to continually click the Spin button. Auto play will continue for the number of spins selected.If there is a win during auto play, the win lines are displayed along with the payout value. The Auto Play button will change to display the number of Auto play games remaining, and the spin button will change to a Stop button. Clicking this will end Auto play immediately, or at the end of the spin in progress. Return To Player (RTP) This game has an RTP of 96.3% The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/21/2020