Beez Kneez You'll be the Beez Kneez when you pull sticky, sweet wins out of the honey pot! The Worker Bees are working for you in the Prize Pick feature, and the butterflies are tripling your wins in Free Games! Explore the garden over 25 lines and 5 reels, find Queen Bee and get those Sweet Wins! How to Play Select the bet per line value and the number of lines to play by clicking the bet/lines button. Modify the number of lines to play, or change the bet per line. The total stake amount will be the credits per line multiplied by the number of lines you have chosen. For example, if you select £0.02/Line and you decide to play 25 lines, then the total amount staked will be £0.50. This is shown in the BET area at the top of the game. Clicking the menu button will display the game paytable, a description of the features in the game, the setup of the paylines and any other relevant information about the game. Payouts A single payment only made per winning line. Highest win only on each selected line. A symbol can contribute to one or more winning lines. The win line payouts are accumulated. The value of any payout is displayed in the WIN area. In the case of any malfunction, all bets and winnings are null and void. All line wins pay left to right. Special Features PRIZE PICK The Prize Pick Feature is triggered when 3 or more scattered Worker Bee symbols appear anywhere. The player is awarded one pick for each Worker Bee symbol in the triggering combination. Each pick can award a prize of up to 100x the total wager. Prizes awarded are added together. The Prize Pick Feature can be triggered during Base Games and Free Games. FREE GAMES 3, 4 or 5 scattered Cocoon symbols appearing anywhere trigger 15, 20 or 25 Free Games respectively. Line win prizes are TRIPLED during Free Games. Free Games are played using the same paylines and wager as the triggering game. Free Games can be retriggered a maximum of 15 times. SUBSTITUTE The Cocoon symbol substitutes for all symbols except scattered Worker Bee. Prizes are DOUBLED when the substitute symbol appears in a line win. Auto Play Auto play allows the option to play more than one game without having to continually click the Spin button. Auto play will continue for the number of spins selected. If there is a win during auto play, the win lines are displayed along with the payout value. The Auto Play button will change to display the number of Auto play games remaining, and the spin button will change to a Stop button. Clicking this will end Auto play immediately, or at the end of the spin in progress. Return To Player (RTP) The game has an overall RTP of 95.388% The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 or 10,000xBet - whichever is reached first (depending on currency. Other Operator limits may apply).