Fireworks Frenzy Game Description Whether or not it’s New Year’s or Guy Fawkes Day, you can always enjoy a great display of fireworks when you play Fireworks Frenzy Slots! Get ready to be dazzled as you spin and win big! Fireworks Frenzy is fiery and colourful, dazzling and exciting! It’s time to light up the night. How to Play Before the fireworks go off, you’ll have to choose your initial wager as well as the number of pay lines you want to play with (up to 25). There’s also an Auto Play Feature, which means that you can select a number of games you’d like to play in a row – scroll over the SPIN button and select between 10 and 25 games. Once those reels are spinning, you’ll want to look out for the Wheel – it’s especially relevant since it represents the game’s Wild Substitute. It can appear on reels 1, 3 and 5 to help complete winning lines. In addition, when this happens, you’ll TRIPLE your prize! The Wheel can replace any symbol except Fireworks Frenzy Slots’ Scatter. Bonus Feature FREE Games Bonus The Mask symbol is the Scatter in Lost Island Slots, and when you spin 3 or more across the reels, you’ll get loads of FREE Games. Also, all prizes will be DOUBLED, and you can reactivate this exciting bonus up to 15 times!Be sure to look out for the Cracker Scatter Symbol once the fireworks start brightening the skies. When you spin 3, 4 or 5, you’ll be rewarded with 15, 20 or 25 FREE Games respectively. Furthermore, your FREE Games Bonus can be reactivated up to 15 times, and if the Wheel symbol appears on the reels at the time, it will expand to cover all positions. Gamble Bonus Fireworks Frenzy also has a Gamble Bonus Feature, which will pay double or nothing on your last win. To DOUBLE your prize, you’ll have to choose the correct option between the two available to you. This bonus feature can be activated up to 5 times, so get ready to end your play with a bang! Return to Player The Return to Player for this game is 94.9%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/21/2020