Lucha Rumble Set in the colourful, vibrant and theatrical world of Mexican wrestling, 'Lucha Rumble' follows five Luchadores on their quest to become the number one 'Free Fighter'. This game doesn't take itself too seriously and embraces the fun elements of this popular theme to bring players a range of characters and symbols that are playful and full of humour. How to Play Select the bet total value by clicking the Bet button. Drag the slider left or right to modify the bet total. The number of ways to play is fixed at 1,024. Clicking the menu button will display the game paytable, a description of the features in the game and any other relevant information about the game. Payouts A single payment only made per winning way. Highest win only on each way. A symbol can contribute to one or more winning ways. The payouts for each win are accumulated. The value of any payout is displayed in the WIN area. In the case of any malfunction, all bets and winnings are null and void.All line wins pay left to right. Special Features LUCHA INSTANT PRIZE FEATURE During the base game only, gold variations of symbols may appear on Reel 1 and Reel 5. The Lucha Instant Prize Feature is awarded when a gold variation of a symbol appears on Reel 1 and Reel 5 on the same spin. A single prize is a awarded. The prize will be 2x, 3x, 5x, 10x or 100x total credits bet. Any symbol that appears on Reel 1 or Reel 5 can have a gold variation. Line wins for a symbol can include gold variations of that symbol. The symbol with the gold variation on Reel 1 does not have to match the symbol with the gold variation on Reel 5. FREE GAMES 3, 4 or 5 scattered LuchaRumble symbols appearing anywhere trigger 15, 20 or 25 Free Games respectively. Free Games are played using the same wager as the triggering game. Free Games can be retriggered a maximum of 15 times. Each LuchaBelt appearing anywhere on reels 2, 3 or 4 will multiply the total win for that combination by either 2x or 3x. If more than one LuchaBelt is involved in a win then the values of the multipliers are multiplied together before they are applied to the total win for that combination. The Lucha Instant Prize Feature can not be triggered during Free Games. SUBSTITUTE LuchaBelt substitutes for all other symbols except scattered LuchaRumble. LuchaBelt appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. Auto Play Auto play allows the option to play more than one game without having to continually click the Spin button. Auto play will continue for the number of spins selected. If there is a win during auto play, the payout value is displayed. The spin button will change to a stop button and display the number of auto play games remaining. Clicking this will end auto play immediately, or at the end of the spin in progress. Return To Player (RTP) This game has an RTP of 97.074% The maximum win from a single game is £250,000