Shaman's Dream 2 The spiritual Shaman conjures good luck for you in this 25 line, 5 reel slot game. Dance to the beat of the drum with the Native Americans, and win big with wolves doubling your prizes! Dreamcatchers snag you 15 free games, where all wins are tripled! How to Play: Select the bet per line value and the number of lines to play by clicking the bet/lines button. Modify the number of lines to play, or change the bet per line. The total stake amount will be the credits per line multiplied by the number of lines you have chosen. For example, if you select £0.02/Line and you decide to play 25 lines, then the total amount staked will be £0.50. This is shown in the BET area at the top of the game. Clicking the menu button will display the game paytable, a description of the features in the game, the setup of the paylines and any other relevant information about the game. Payouts: A single payment only made per winning line. Highest win only on each selected line. A symbol can contribute to one or more winning lines. The win line payouts are accumulated. The value of any payout is displayed in the WIN area. In the case of any malfunction, all bets and winnings are null and void. All line wins pay left to right. Jackpot: The RTP of the Jackpot is specified in the game's paytable. This is in addition to the RTP of the game. By participating in the Jackpot game you accept the following rules and the terms and conditions displayed on the Casino Operator’s website. Each jackpot game consists of one or more jackpot levels, each with a different prize. Each jackpot level has a Current amount (seed plus progressive amount) and a Minimum amount (seed amount). These levels are displayed in game. After a jackpot level has been won, the jackpot level will reset to its Minimum amount (seed amount). If a Jackpot level has a Maximum amount (seed plus progressive amount), then that jackpot level must be won before that amount is reached. A percentage of the players qualifying bets are taken to fund the Jackpot levels. A portion is used to fund the Minimum amount (seed amount) of each jackpot level. The remaining portion directly increases the Current amount (seed plus progressive amount) of the jackpot levels. This will cause the Jackpot to continue to grow until it is won by a player. These percentages are specified in the game's paytable. The jackpot levels' minimum amounts (seed amount) are specified in the game's paytable. A qualifying bet is any real money, base game spin of any bet amount. The jackpot game meters update regularly to show the current prize value of each jackpot level. Due to communication delays the displayed jackpot level may not be accurate. A player may win more than what is displayed on a jackpot meter and any or all prizes displayed may have already been won by another player. In Rare circumstances a player may be awarded the Minimum jackpot level, as someone else has won the jackpot prize prior to the displayed level being reset. Regardless of any other prizes awarded, for every valid spin with a qualifying bet, one or more jackpot level prizes can be randomly won. Any jackpot level prizes won will be displayed until acknowledged by the player. The handling of unfinished game rounds, inactive sessions and the operation of the Jackpot game, are subject to the terms and conditions. All jackpot prizes are subject to verification by the Casino Operator. All decisions are final and no correspondence will be entered into. The Casino Operator reserves the right to change the rules of the jackpot game at any time. Any gaming hardware or software malfunction or error voids any and all related bets, game wins or jackpot wins. A casino operator can discontinue or terminate a jackpot or jackpot game at any time. The jackpot cannot be won on free spins. Special Features: INSTANT PRIZE FEATURE: During the base game only, symbols with golden backgrounds may appear on Reel 1 and Reel 5. The Instant Prize Feature is awarded when symbols with golden backgrounds appear on Reel 1 and Reel 5 in the same spin. A single prize is awarded. The prize will be 2x, 3x, 4x, 8x or 20x total bet. Any symbol that appears on Reel 1 or Reel 5 can have a golden background. Wins for a symbol can include symbols with a golden background. The symbol with the golden background on Reel 1 does not have to match the symbol with the golden background on Reel 5. FREE GAMES: 15 Free Games are triggered when 3 or more scattered Dreamcatcher symbols appear anywhere. All prizes are tripled during Free Games. SUBSTITUTE: Wolf substitutes for all symbols except scattered Dreamcatcher symbols. Prizes are doubled when the Wolf symbol substitutes in a line win. Auto Play: Auto play allows the option to play more than one game without having to continually click the Spin button. Auto play will continue for the number of spins selected. If there is a win during auto play, the win lines are displayed along with the payout value. The spin button will change to a stop button and display the number of auto play games remaining. Clicking this will end auto play immediately, or at the end of the spin in progress. Return To Player (RTP): The game has an overall RTP of 90.681% The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/8/2020