Temple of Iris 2 Return to the time of ancient Egypt! Marvel at the wonder of the pyramids! Watch the Priestess double your line wins with her awesome power! How to Play Select the bet per line value and the number of lines to play by clicking the bet/lines button. Modify the number of lines to play, or change the bet per line. The total stake amount will be the credits per line multiplied by the number of lines you have chosen. For example, if you select £0.02/Line and you decide to play 25 lines, then the total amount staked will be £0.50. This is shown in the BET area at the top of the game. Clicking the menu button will display the game paytable, a description of the features in the game, the setup of the paylines and any other relevant information about the game. Payouts A single payment only made per winning line. Highest win only on each selected line. A symbol can contribute to one or more winning lines. The win line payouts are accumulated. The value of any payout is displayed in the WIN area. In the case of any malfunction, all bets and winnings are null and void.All line wins pay left to right. Special Features INSTANT PRIZE FEATURE During the base game only, symbols with golden backgrounds may appear on Reel 1 and Reel 5. The Instant Prize Feature is awarded when symbols with golden backgrounds appear on Reel 1 and Reel 5 in the same spin. A single prize is awarded. The prize will be 2x, 3x, 5x, 10x, 15x, 20x, 25x, 30x or 50x total credits bet. Any symbol that appears on Reel 1 or Reel 5 can have a golden background. Wins for a symbol can include symbols with a golden background. The symbol with the golden background on Reel 1 does not have to match the symbol with the golden background on Reel 5. FREE GAMES 15 Free Games are triggered when 3 or more scattered Pyramid symbols appear anywhere. All prizes are tripled during Free Games. SUBSTITUTE The Priestess symbol substitutes for all symbols except scattered Pyramids. Prizes are doubled when the substitute symbol appears in a line win. Auto Play Auto play allows the option to play more than one game without having to continually click the Spin button. Auto play will continue for the number of spins selected. If there is a win during auto play, the win lines are displayed along with the payout value. The spin button will change to a stop button and display the number of auto play games remaining. Clicking this will end auto play immediately, or at the end of the spin in progress. Return To Player (RTP) The game has an overall RTP of 95.426% The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/21/2020