Lucky's Fish and Chips This fun and colourful game is focused on the great British pastime of enjoying some classic Fish and Chips on the pier. Evoking fun times and warm memories - just watch out for the pesky seagulls! How to Play Select the bet per line value by clicking the Bet button. Click the Bet Up or Bet Down button to modify the bet per line, or Max Bet to select the maximum number of bets per line available. Select the number of lines to play by clicking the Lines button. Click the Line Up or Line Down button to modify the number of lines to play, or Max Lines to select the maximum number of lines available. The total stake amount will be the credits per line multiplied by the number of lines you have chosen. For example, if you select 0.02 credits/Line and you decide to play 100 lines, then the total amount staked will be (0.02x100) 2.00 credits. This is shown in the BET area. Clicking the Help|Paytable button will display the game paytable, a description of the features in the game, the setup of the paylines and any other relevant information about the game. Payouts A single payment only made per winning line. Highest win only on each selected line. A symbol can contribute to one or more winning lines. The win line payouts are accumulated. The value of any payout is displayed in the WIN area. In the case of any malfunction, all bets and winnings are null and void. All line wins pay left to right. Jackpot The RTP of the Jackpot is specified in the game's paytable. This is in addition to the RTP of the game. By participating in the Jackpot game you accept the following rules and the terms and conditions displayed on the Casino Operator’s website. Each jackpot game consists of one or more jackpot levels, each with a different prize. Each jackpot level has a Current amount (seed plus progressive amount) and a Minimum amount (seed amount). These levels are displayed in game. After a jackpot level has been won, the jackpot level will reset to its Minimum amount (seed amount). If a Jackpot level has a Maximum amount (seed plus progressive amount), then that jackpot level must be won before that amount is reached. The jackpot levels' minimum amounts (seed amount) are specified in the game's paytable. A qualifying bet is any real money, base game spin of any bet amount. The jackpot game meters update regularly to show the current prize value of each jackpot level. Due to communication delays the displayed jackpot level may not be accurate. A player may win more than what is displayed on a jackpot meter and any or all prizes displayed may have already been won by another player. In Rare circumstances a player may be awarded the Minimum jackpot level, as someone else has won the jackpot prize prior to the displayed level being reset. Regardless of any other prizes awarded, for every valid spin with a qualifying bet, one or more jackpot level prizes can be randomly won. Any jackpot level prizes won will be displayed until acknowledged by the player. The handling of unfinished game rounds, inactive sessions and the operation of the Jackpot game, are subject to the terms and conditions. All jackpot prizes are subject to verification by the Casino Operator. All decisions are final and no correspondence will be entered into. The Casino Operator reserves the right to change the rules of the jackpot game at any time. Any gaming hardware or software malfunction or error voids any and all related bets, game wins or jackpot wins. A casino operator can discontinue or terminate a jackpot or jackpot game at any time.The jackpot cannot be won on free spins. Special Features FREE GAMES 3, 4 or 5 scattered Basket symbols appearing anywhere trigger 15, 20 or 25 Free Games respectively. Free Games are played using the same paylines and wager as the triggering game. Free Games can be retriggered a maximum of 15 times. SUBSTITUTE The Lucky symbol only appears on reels 1, 3 and 5 and substitutes for all other symbols except scattered Basket symbols. Lucky symbols expand to cover all positions on their reels before line wins are awarded. Prizes are tripled when the substitute symbol appears in a line win. Auto Play Auto play allows the option to play more than one game without having to continually click the Spin button. Auto play will continue for the number of spins selected. If there is a win during auto play, the win lines are displayed along with the payout value. The spin button will change to display the number of Auto play games remaining, and also change to a Stop button. Clicking this will end Auto play immediately, or at the end of the spin in progress. Return To Player (RTP) The game has an overall RTP of 92.067% + 3% Jackpot RTP The maximum win from a single game is £125,000