Fluffy Too JP As you may know, Fluffy Favourites Slots is one of the most popular online slot games around. And now you can enjoy the sequel just as much! Fluffy Too Slots is full of the cutest and most cuddly animals just like the original, and it has a nostalgic and fun fairground background theme. There are FREE spins and multipliers, as well as an incredible jackpot to be won! Fluffy Too Slots is simply irresistible, so start spinning today. Don’t miss another minute! Good luck! Formats. How to Play Playing Fluffy Too Slots couldn’t be easier or more rewarding! All you have to do is choose your paylines (up to 25) as well as your initial bet amount. Then hit SPIN and get ready to win win win! Fluffy Too also offers an Autoplay Feature, which means that you can choose to play up to 25 games in a row – you’ll enjoy this if you’re looking for a more hands off gaming approach. The Coin is one of your Scatters, and the Pink Elephant represents another Scatter as well as Fluffy Too’s Wild Substitute. It can take the place of any reel symbol except the Scatter to complete a winning line. When this happens, your wins will be DOUBLED! Ok, you’re all sent – start spinning those reels today! Coin Pusher Feature Your Coin Pusher feature will begin when 3 or more Coin Scatters appear anywhere across the reels. You’ll get one pick per Coin in the triggering line, each one granting you up to 100x your total bet. FREE Games Bonus Fluffy Too Slots is packed with FREE games! 3, 4 or 5 Scattered Elephants will activate the bonus, granting you 15, 20 or 25 FREE games respectively. Plus, all line wins during this bonus will be TRIPLED, and it can be retriggered a maximum of 15 times! Gamble Bonus When available, the Gamble Bonus pays double or nothing on your last win, so you can finish with a bang! In order to win, correctly choose 1 of the 2 options presented to you. Fluffy Too Slots’ Gamble Bonus can be retriggered up to 5 times, giving you loads of chances to win. RTP The theoretical return to player for this game is 89.90% The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 11/3/2020