Pig's Feast Game information: This larger-than-life pig, with an appetite to match, wants to guzzle his way to good fortune. Hot dumplings, spring rolls, yummy soup – this chubby, firework-wielding character wants it all and he wants players to win big along the way. Follow the Pig on a quest to sate his hunger on this 5 reel, 3 row, 25-line slot, which is packed with FREE spins and bonus features. Inspired by 2019 Year of the Pig, Pig’s Feast is a world in which rockets trigger free games and explosive firework displays, rice bowls stack up to reveal random multipliers, and Lady Pig offers up a platter of Prize Pick dumplings. In Chinese culture, pigs are a symbol of luck and wealth. When you play Pig’s Feast, slurping and belching have never sounded so lucky. How To Play Hungry for a win? Here’s how to get started. There are 5 reels and 3 rows in this 25-line slot game. Choose your initial bet amount, pick your paylines and keep your fingers crossed you’ll hit a winning combination of symbols. Pig’s Feast has a total of 12 symbols, including dumpling dishes, steaming soup, a tea pot and rice bowl. There is also one very tasty wild symbol – Pig himself – and two succulent scatters, which are Pig and his female friend. But Pig’s Feast is nothing if not generous and players can look forward to discovering some delicious side dishes by way of some quirky bonus features. Keep your eyes peeled for rocket symbols, which trigger FREE spins, and when those rice bowls stack up, expect your winnings to multiply by two, 50 or even a lucky 100. Just when you think Pig can’t get any greedier, watch him take on a platter of Prize-Pick dumplings. Three or more Pig symbols mean you get to choose a lucky snack for the hungry hero. Pick the right dumpling and you can win up to a 100x Multiplier. Bonus Features This game isn’t called Pig’s Feast for no reason. There are lots of juicy bonus features to get stuck into: If you’re lucky enough to see a rocket symbol, expect not only an awesome firework display but FREE GAMES. Keep an eye on those rice bowls because when they stack up and reach the top they’ll trigger fireworks and reveal RANDOM MULTIPLIER amounts. Three or more Pig symbols triggers a hilarious PRIZE PICK feature. Lady Pig will make an appearance with a platter of dumplings, and Pig is not the only one in for a treat – you get to pick a snack for him, and a lucky choice wins you multipliers up to 100x. Three, four or five Pig symbols could win you 15, 20 or 25 FREE spins, respectively, depending on which delicious dumpling you choose. Watch Pig noisily eat your choice and if he’s flat on his back letting out a belch, it’s time to celebrate: you’ve won. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 95.065%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/21/2020