Champions of Valhalla Mixing ancient Norse warfare with mythology, this epic saga sees Odin’s greatest warriors demonstrate their immense strength and ability as they reveal the riches of the Gods. How to Play Select the bet total value by clicking the Bet button. Drag the slider left or right to modify the bet total. The number of lines is fixed at 25. Clicking the menu button will display the game paytable, a description of the features in the game, the setup of the paylines and any other relevant information about the game. Payouts A single payment only made per winning line. Highest win only on each selected line. A symbol can contribute to one or more winning lines. The win line payouts are accumulated. The value of any payout is displayed in the WIN area. In the case of any malfunction, all bets and winnings are null and void.All line wins pay left to right. Special Features BLOCK OF WILDS FEATURE Rune symbol appears on reel 3 only. The Block Of Wilds Feature is triggered when the Rune symbol appears. A Block Of Wilds is a pattern that is displayed over the top of the reels and turns all symbols in that pattern into FeatureWild symbols. A Block Of Wilds is evaluated at the lines and bet per line of the triggering spin. The Block Of Wilds Feature can be triggered during Free Games. FREE GAMES 9 Free Games are triggered when 3 scattered Shield symbols appear anywhere on reels 2, 3 and 4. Shield symbols appear on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. If one or two Shield symbols appear during Free Games, each Shield symbol awards up to 3 additional Free Games. If three Shield symbols appear during Free Games, each Shield symbol awards 3 additional Free Games. The Block Of Wilds Feature can be triggered during Free Games. If the Rune symbol and any Shield symbols appear on the same spin during Free Games, then Free Games are awarded before the Block Of Wilds Feature is triggered. Free Games can be retriggered a maximum of 50 times. SUBSTITUTE Wild and FeatureWild symbols substitute for all symbols except scattered Shield symbols. FeatureWild only appears during the Block Of Wilds Feature. Auto Play Auto play allows the option to play more than one game without having to continually click the Spin button. Auto play will continue for the number of spins selected. If there is a win during auto play, the win lines are displayed along with the payout value. The Auto Play button will change to display the number of Auto play games remaining, and the spin button will change to a Stop button. Clicking this will end Auto play immediately, or at the end of the spin in progress. Return To Player (RTP) This game has an RTP of 95.108% The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/21/2020