Shamans Dream Shamans Dream is one of the most popular online video slot games! You can go back in time and discover and learn all about the Native Americans, including exploring their fascinating traditions. The shamans are said to be the guardians of magic and wisdom in ancient Native American culture, which makes for an extremely interesting and exciting gaming experience in Shamans Dream. This top game incorporates some incredible graphics, with reels filled with dreamcatchers, teepees, wolves, Native American Chiefs and more. There are FREE spins bonuses, Wilds and multipliers, so in addition to learning more about shamans, you can also win big! This game is truly one of a kind, but there’s only one way to find out why. Play today – we promise you won’t regret it! How To Play Before you press SPIN and get those reels rolling, you’ll have to choose how many paylines you want to play with (up to 25) as well as your initial wager. Once you start playing Shamans Dream, you’ll enjoy the beautiful night sky and mystical Native American reel symbols. Some special symbols to look out for include the Dreamcatcher, which acts as your Scatter, and the Wolf Substitute. It can replace any symbol except the Scatter to help you complete winning combinations. And when it does, you’ll DOUBLE your prize. So, how about it? Visit the ancient world of Native America today! FREE Games Shamans Dream Slots is packed with FREE games, meaning extra chances to win big! The Dreamcatcher is the game’s Scatter, and you’ll get 15 FREE games when you spin 3 or more across the reels. Plus, all prize wins will be TRIPLED, and you can reactivate this bonus feature up to 15 times! Gamble Feature Before your play ends, you’ll have one last chance to double your prize! In order to do so, you’ll have to choose the correct option of the 2 presented to you. But be careful, this bonus pays double or nothing. Good luck! Return To Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 90.0118% The RTP of the Jackpot is 3.0%. This is in addition to the RTP of the game. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/21/2020