Hold The Safe Game Description Untold luxury and wealth await within if you can crack our gilded safe of fortune. Spin the reels and reveal three or more safe symbols to trigger the special “Hold The Safe” feature. Watch as the five reels transform into fifteen and then marvel as each additional safe is held whilst all other reels re-spin. Each safe is then cracked wide open to reveal your price. As the anticipation builds so do your chances of opening another safe in our Free Games feature. The compelling gameplay doesn’t stop there as scattered “Wild” symbols substitute for all non-feature symbols. With wins which are sure to delight what are you waiting for? Hold that safe and unlock the riches within today! How to Play You have dodged the alarms and you are at the bank’s safe. All that stands between you and your fortune is how well you can crack the safe, can you “Hold the Safe” and win big? Choose your initial bet value and hit spin, or if you fancy a faster pace you can select the Autoplay function. The heist has begun, and you need to keep your eyes peeled for two special symbols. Diamonds – if three or more appear on the reel you will win six free spins. Sounds good? And if three or more “Safe” symbols appear on the reels then you have unlocked the feature. All “Safe” symbols are locked down, and all other symbols spin as individual reels. You start with 3 free spins, and every time that an additional Safe appears your free spins are reset to 3. Once all of the free spins are gone each safe will open to reveal your prizes. Can you hold your nerve and Hold the Safe, or will you have to escape and Beat the Bobbies? Bonus Feature Hold The Safe feature Hold the Safe feature is triggered when 3 or more safe symbols appear anywhere. The scattered safes, which trigger this feature remain in position and all other positions spin individually. Every scattered safe symbol that drops in is held and the number of free spins resets to 3. Once free spins end the safe doors open and reveal the cash prize. Free Spins The free spins are triggered when 3 diamonds or more appear on the reels. The free spins can be re-triggered up to X15 times. Return to Player The Return to Player for this game is 96.3%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/21/2020