Vlad's Castle Game summary Chills and thrills await in Vlad’s Castle, an atmospheric 5-reel, 25-line game with bite. As the Prince of Darkness roams the shadows, lamenting his long-lost love, players can put their supernatural abilities to the test to win untold fortunes, if they dare. Discover the scatter symbols, FREE spins and bonus features hidden within the castle walls. Sink your teeth into its Portrait Prize Pick and explore Vlad’s eerie ancestry, with the chance of winning up to 100 x your bet. Gothic-inspired graphics will immerse players in this spine-chilling world, where creatures of the night come alive in the light of the moon, and hair-raising features will keep players hungry for more. Stakes at the ready. How to Play Feeling fearless? Stake your initial bet, pick your paylines, and prepare for the thrills this 5-reel, 25-line game has in store. Fortune favours the brave, so keep your fingers crossed for a winning combination and if you see the Dark Prince himself, don’t run for cover. This foreboding figure can win you big money. Three or more Vlad symbols trigger the FREE games feature, with up to 25 FREE games up for grabs. Vlad also substitutes for all other symbols in a line, except the scatter castle symbol. Not only that, but he can double your money when he appears in a line win. Stay on the look-out for castle symbols too. Three or more will trigger the Portrait Prize Pick, a bonus feature guaranteed to get the blood-pumping. Pick a picture from a gallery of Vlad’s family portraits and you could win up to 100 x your bet. Bonus Features Players hungry for a win will love Vlad’s Castle’s full-on feast of bonus features: Three or more Vlad symbols trigger a FREE games feature, with up to 25 FREE games to be won. The Portrait Prize Pick is triggered by three or more scattered castle symbols. Players can choose a picture from Vlad’s family gallery and a lucky pick will give prizes of up to 100 x their bet. Three castle symbols offer three picks, four castles equal four picks, and five castles give players five chances to choose. A Vlad symbol can substitute any symbol, except for castles, and will double the prize money when it appears in a winning line. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 95.3887%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/21/2020