Crystal Lotus Walk through a garden of beautiful jewel flowers! Watch for the lotus that expands and gives you extra spins! How to Play Select the bet per line value by clicking the Bet button. Click the Bet Up or Bet Down button to modify the bet per line, or Max Bet to select the maximum number of bets per line available. Select the number of lines to play by clicking the Lines button. Click the Line Up or Line Down button to modify the number of lines to play, or Max Lines to select the maximum number of lines available. The maximum number of lines available will be selected by default. The total stake amount will be the credits per line multiplied by the number of lines you have chosen. For example, if you select 0.02 credits/Line and you decide to play 10 lines, then the total amount staked will be (0.02x10) 0.20 credits. This is shown in the BET area. Clicking the Help|Paytable button will display the game paytable, a description of the features in the game, the setup of the paylines and any other relevant information about the game. Payouts A single payment only made per winning line. Highest win only on each selected line. A symbol can contribute to one or more winning lines. The win line payouts are accumulated. The value of any payout is displayed in the WIN area. In the case of any malfunction, all bets and winnings are null and void. All line wins pay left to right and right to left. Special Features EXPANDING WILD RE-SPIN FEATURE The Expanding Wild Re-Spin Feature is triggered when 1 or more scattered Lotus symbols appear anywhere on reels 2, 3 and 4. The Lotus symbol expands to cover all positions on the reel before line wins are awarded. The reels with the Lotus symbol are held and a re-spin is awarded. Re-spins continue to be awarded until no more Lotus symbols appear on reels that are not held or until reels 2, 3 and 4 are held. The feature can award a maximum of three re-spins. SUBSTITUTE The Lotus symbol substitutes for all symbols The Lotus symbol appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 only Auto Play Auto play allows the option to play more than one game without having to continually click the Spin button. Auto play will continue for the number of spins selected. If there is a win during auto play, the win lines are displayed along with the payout value. The spin button will change to display the number of Auto play games remaining, and also change to a Stop button. Clicking this will end Auto play immediately, or at the end of the spin in progress. Return To Player (RTP) The game has an overall RTP of 96.50% The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 7/9/2020