Lucky's Fish And Chips This fun and colourful game is focused on the great British pastime of enjoying some classic Fish and Chips on the pier. Evoking fun times and warm memories - just watch out for the pesky seagulls! How to Play Select the bet per line value by clicking the Bet button. Click the Bet Up or Bet Down button to modify the bet per line, or Max Bet to select the maximum number of bets per line available. Select the number of lines to play by clicking the Lines button. Click the Line Up or Line Down button to modify the number of lines to play, or Max Lines to select the maximum number of lines available. The total stake amount will be the credits per line multiplied by the number of lines you have chosen. For example, if you select 0.02 credits/Line and you decide to play 100 lines, then the total amount staked will be (0.02x100) 2.00 credits. This is shown in the BET area. Clicking the Help|Paytable button will display the game paytable, a description of the features in the game, the setup of the paylines and any other relevant information about the game. Payouts A single payment only made per winning line. Highest win only on each selected line. A symbol can contribute to one or more winning lines. The win line payouts are accumulated. The value of any payout is displayed in the WIN area. In the case of any malfunction, all bets and winnings are null and void. All line wins pay left to right. Special Features FREE GAMES 3, 4 or 5 scattered Basket symbols appearing anywhere trigger 15, 20 or 25 Free Games respectively. Free Games are played using the same paylines and wager as the triggering game. Free Games can be retriggered a maximum of 15 times. SUBSTITUTE The Lucky symbol only appears on reels 1, 3 and 5 and substitutes for all other symbols except scattered Basket symbols. Lucky symbols expand to cover all positions on their reels before line wins are awarded. Prizes are tripled when the substitute symbol appears in a line win. Auto Play Auto play allows the option to play more than one game without having to continually click the Spin button. Auto play will continue for the number of spins selected. If there is a win during auto play, the win lines are displayed along with the payout value. The spin button will change to display the number of Auto play games remaining, and also change to a Stop button. Clicking this will end Auto play immediately, or at the end of the spin in progress. Return To Player (RTP) The game has an overall RTP of 95.631% The maximum win from a single game is £125,000 Last modification date: 11/23/2020