Beat the Bobbies at The Tower of London Join Penny on her new quest to beat the bobbies as she plunders the riches from the Tower of London! It's another high-speed, action packed slot full of thrills and excitement. How to Play Select the bet per line value and the number of lines to play by clicking the bet/lines button. Modify the number of lines to play, or change the bet per line. The total stake amount will be the credits per line multiplied by the number of lines you have chosen. For example, if you select £0.02/Line and you decide to play 243 lines, then the total amount staked will be £4.86. This is shown in the BET area at the top of the game. Clicking the menu button will display the game paytable, a description of the features in the game, the setup of the paylines and any other relevant information about the game. Payouts A single payment only made per winning line. Highest win only on each selected line. A symbol can contribute to one or more winning lines. The win line payouts are accumulated. The value of any payout is displayed in the WIN area. In the case of any malfunction, all bets and winnings are null and void.All line wins pay left to right. Special Features INSTANT PRIZE FEATURE During the base game only, a police car may appear and move from left to right across the screen. The Instant Prize Feature is awarded when the police car pauses in the middle of the screen. A single prize is awarded. The prize will be 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, 9x, 10x, 15x, 20x, 25x or 30x total bet. FREE GAMES Any 3 or more scattered Penny triggers the Free Games Bonus Feature. Select one of the following free games options: 20 free games, with ALL wins multiplied by 2x 15 free games, with ALL wins multiplied by 3x 10 free games, with ALL wins multiplied by 4x 8 free games, with ALL wins multiplied by 5x 5 free games, with ALL wins multiplied by 10x Feature can be triggered again during the free games with additional choice Free Games can be retriggered a maximum of 15 times. If the feature is triggered again a feature trigger counter will appear above the top left of the reels showing the number of feature triggers remaining A free spin multiplier appears above the top right of the reels All free games are played with the bet that triggered the feature SUBSTITUTE Bobbies symbols substitute for all symbols except Penny. Bobbies appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. Auto Play Auto play allows the option to play more than one game without having to continually click the Spin button. Auto play will continue for the number of spins selected. If there is a win during auto play, the win lines are displayed along with the payout value. The spin button will change to a stop button and display the number of auto play games remaining. Clicking this will end auto play immediately, or at the end of the spin in progress. Return To Player (RTP) The game has an overall RTP of 95.477% The maximum win from a single game is £250,000