White Wizard Go on an enchanting adventure and play White Wizard Slots. The reels are filled with colourful symbols, except of course the shimmering White Wizard himself. You’ll find Unicorns, Magic Wands, Spell Books, Dragons and more across the reels, and the graphics and sounds are simply captivating. Also, the animations are just enough so as not to be distracting or startling. Put on your wizard hat to become immersed in this top slot game today! There’s no wonder why it’s one of the most popular games around! How To Play Playing White Wizard Slots couldn’t be easier – you’ll be spinning faster than you can say abracadabra. But, before you click SPIN, choose how many pay lines you want (up to 25), in addition to your initial wager. Then, wave your magic wand and win big! You can also choose the Auto Play feature and select a set amount of games to play. Be sure to look out for the Dragon Scatter, which is especially relevant because when you spin between 3 and 5, you’ll be granted 15-25 FREE games! Another noteworthy symbol to watch out for is the Wizard who can appear on reels 1, 3 and 5. He represents your Substitute, and can replace other symbols (except the Scatter) to complete a winning combination. Furthermore, when this happens, you’ll TRIPLE your prizes! FREE Games Bonus As you know, the Dragon Scatter is your gateway to FREE games, and it can appear anywhere. 3 Dragons will award you with 15 FREE spins; you’ll get 20 FREE spins if four appear, and if you manage to spin 5, you’ll get 25 FREE games! And maybe met noteworthy, this magical bonus feature can be retriggered 15 times! Gamble Bonus Just when you think your magic may have run out, you’ll get one last chance to DOUBLE your wins in White Wizard Slots’ Gamble Feature. It’s available on your last win, and pays double or nothing. Simply select the correct choice out of the 2 available. With the wizard on your side, your magic will never run out! Return To Player The theoretical return to player for this game is 89.9177% The RTP of the Jackpot is 3.0%. This is in addition to the RTP of the game. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/21/2020