Very Merry Christmas Game Description Ho Ho Ho! It’s never too early or late to celebrate your favourite holiday! Very Merry Christmas Slots’ reels are filled with loads of gifts from Santa, including teddy bears, rocking horses, wooden trains and surprise unwrapped boxes – what do you think is inside? Whether you’ve been naughty or nice, there’s something exciting waiting for you in Very Merry Christmas Slots! Cuddle up with a hot cup of cocoa, or maybe a nice glass of eggnog, and play today! How to Play To start playing Very Merry Christmas, all you have to do is select how many pay lines you’d like, to begin with (up to 25), in addition to your initial bet. Once those two features are set up, start spinning! Very Merry Christmas also offers an Auto Play option, where you can choose how many games you’d like to play as well as set up a Loss Limit, which will end your Auto Play. Be sure to look out for the Globe icon, which is especially relevant because it represents your Wild – it appears on the 2nd and 4th reels, and can help complete winning lines. It can take the place of any reel symbol except the Red and Green Presents. Furthermore, when the Globe Substitute appears on a winning line, you’ll DOUBLE your prize! Bonus Feature Prize Pick Bonus One of Santa’s generous gifts comes in a Green Box, which is one of Very Merry Christmas’ Scatter symbols. When you spin 3 or more, your Prize Pick Bonus will begin. You get one pick for each Green Present, and each pick will reward you with multipliers as much as 100x or up to 10 FREE games! Match & Win Feature The other Scatter symbol in Very Merry Christmas Slots is the Red Present that Santa’s helpers wrapped so nicely. The Match & Win bonus feature will begin when you spin 3 or more Red Presents across the reels, and you’ll then get to pick glimmering snow globes until revealing a matching pair. Each globe has a corresponding multiplier, and when you uncover a match, you’ll multiply your wager accordingly. Gamble Feature It is the most wonderful time of the year! If all those exciting bonuses and prizes aren’t enough, Very Merry Christmas Slots also has a Gamble Feature. This bonus pays double or nothing on your final win. You’ll have to choose correctly between the two available options, and when you do your prize will be DOUBLED! The Gamble Feature is offered up to 5 times in a row. Good luck! RTP The Return to Player for this game is 95.047%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 11/27/2020