Rebets Splendour Game Description Rebets Splendour Slots is a one of a kind online slot game with an incredibly rewarding Re-spin Feature. If you’re unfamiliar, that means that every time you spin but don’t get a winning line, you can re-spin specific reels, giving you extra chances to win! So, dress to impress and play today! There are yachts, diamond rings and blocks of gold across the reels, in addition to the 2 main characters. Pour yourself a martini and get ready for the most lavish gaming experience online. Plus, you can play on your mobile anytime, anywhere, so you’ll never miss a win! How to Play Before you start spinning the extravagant Rebets Splendour Slots, all you have to do is decide upon your initial bet, in addition to how many paylines you want to play with (up to 25). Then, hit SPIN and get ready to win! Rebets Splendour also has an Autoplay Feature, which gives you the opportunity to select a number of games to play in a row so you can sit back, relax and sip your martini while you win big. The most noteworthy feature in Rebets Splendour is the Re-spin, whereby you can re-spin individual reels if you’re unhappy with the outcome of your original spin. This gives you extra chances to get a winning combination! And finally, the symbols that are especially relevant are the Wild and the Scatter – the Wild can replace other symbols (except the Scatter) to complete winning combinations, while the Scatter will trigger your FREE Games Bonus. Bonus Feature Re-Spins As we all know, not every spin is going to be a winning spin. However, in Rebets Splendour Slots, you’ll have a second and third chance to win big! Each time you spin, you’ll have the opportunity to re-spin individual reels, which can grant you winning lines and bonuses. FREE Games When you spin 3 or more Dapper Gentleman Scatters across the reels, you’ll activate your FREE Games Bonus! Gamble Feature Finally, you can DOUBLE your wins in the Rebets Splendour’s Gamble Feature. Simply select the correct option of the 2 available. Good luck! The Return to Player is 97%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/21/2020