FireDrake II Quest for Honour Objective: Firedrake II Quest For Honour is a 5 reel slot game with 3 PROGRESSIVE JACKPOTS. A dragon EYE symbol is the scatter that triggers the free game feature with multipliers. An EGG symbol is stacked on each reel and is the wild substitute. Information: The game rules and payouts are identical in both the real money and play money versions. The theoretical return to player of this game is 95.01%. How to play: This game is always played with 99 lines. When you enter the game a default bet per line is set. You can change the bet per line by tapping on “ + ” or “ - ” buttons on the Bet panel. As the bet is changed the REQUIRED POINTS for winning the FIRESTORM JACKPOT change. Higher bets require fewer points to win the jackpot (see FIRESTORM JACKPOT rules for more details) The TOTAL BET is 99 multiplied by the bet per win. The SPIN button in the middle right position starts the game. AUTOSPIN : To use AUTOSPIN feature, tap and hold 'SPIN' button. You can change autospins amount by using “+” and “-” buttons. To start autospins tap on 'SPIN' button. Tap on PAUSE to deactivate AUTOSPIN . Please note: The AUTOSPIN option is not available in play money mode. All winning symbols will be animated. The total win amount will appear at the bottom of the screen. Your remaining game balance is shown at the top right of the screen. Tap on ‘ ? ’ button located on the upper left side of the screen to view the game rules. Malfunctions Voids all Pays and Plays. RULES Tap on the “ i ” button to navigate to Game Rules. All Help page can be accessed by scrolling it. You can go back to the game by tapping on the BACK TO GAME button. Features: PayTable: The PAYTABLE can be viewed by tapping on the “I” button and using the PAYTABLE button in the help page. Game History: Detailed gameplay history can be accessed by logging into your account on the desktop website and choosing menu “Game Logs” under My Casino on the Casino Tab. Adding Funds to your Account To add funds to your account, click on the “+” near your Balance in the right corner of the top toolbar, then select the desired deposit option. The time taken to transfer funds and the fees charged will vary depending on which deposit option you choose. What do I do if I reach my betting limits? If your game balance drops below the minimum bet, the error message with Deposit button will appear. Pressing on ‘Deposit’ button will open the Deposit page. To add funds to your account, click on “+” near your balance that is located at the right top corner of the screen. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you are disconnected in the middle of the round, on reconnection the software will automatically resume the round from where it was disconnected. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team.