Flamingo Poker Flamingo Poker is played between you and the machine. The objective of the game is to obtain a five-card poker hand that contains at least two pairs or better, to the maximum of a Natural Royal Flush. See the 'Paytable' below for more details. You place a bet and the machine gives you five cards. You then choose the cards you want to hold and the cards you want to discard. The machine replaces the cards you discard, leaving you with your final hand. You win according to the rank of your hand. top Information All suits (Spades, Hearts, Diamonds and Clubs) have equal rank. The game is played with a single deck of 52 cards, plus one Joker. Joker is the wild card and substitutes for any other card to pay the maximum winning hand available. The cards are shuffled at the start of every game. top How to play The betting limits are shown on the game screen title bar. The bet amount is shown under 'BET' at the top of the game screen. PAYTABLE - The machine pays out as per the 'PAYTABLE' shown at the top of the game screen. The prizes displayed in the 'PAYTABLE' are for a unit bet and are shown as credits. To get the effective payoff amount, multiply the respective prize with the bet amount. Click 'DEAL' to receive five cards face-up. The inbuilt Auto hold system will automatically select the cards to Hold according to their best mathematical return. You can choose to de-select a card marked 'HOLD' by clicking on it. Similarly, click on another card to hold it. You can hold up to five cards this way. After making your selection, click 'DRAW'. The cards that are not held will be replaced, leaving you with your final hand. Your win is based on the combination of the final set of cards and according to the 'PAYTABLE' shown at the top of the game screen. Your winnings are shown as dollars and/or cents under 'WIN' at the top of the game window. Your Game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the 'CREDITS' meter and the 'BET' meter. Any three or more 'Flamingo' symbols trigger the 'HOT ROLL' feature. On the feature screen, total feature win is shown under 'WIN'. At the end of the feature, the main game screen is restored and the total win amount for the main game and the feature is shown under 'WIN'. Once the game finishes, the default bet for the next game is the same as in the previous one. You can then choose to increase or decrease your bet as you wish. The game rules can be viewed by clicking on the 'RULES' button on the bottom left of the game screen. Clicking on the 'RULES' button will open the rules screen. You can go back to the game at any time by clicking on the 'GAME' button. Click on the 'GAMELOGS' button to view the logs of the games you played. Click on 'VERSION' to view the current version number of the game. Click on 'REBUY' to Buy-in more credits to the Game from account. To exit the game, click on 'EXIT GAME'. top Feature game play After the Draw, "Flamingo" symbols may appear on cards in the final hand. Any three or more "Flamingo" symbols trigger the feature cycle and 5 dice appear. There are 4 white dice and 1 red die. The dice used in the feature game are not flat dice. Click on 'Start Spin' to spin the dice. To stop the spinning, click on 'Stop Spin'. The sum of the numbers shown on the four white dice is multiplied by the number shown on the red die to yield the Bonus Number. Bonus Prize is the Bonus Number multiplied by the bet ammount. This feature cycle is played from 1 to 3 rounds. Wins from the base game and each round of the feature are immediately credited to your balance. Click on 'COMPLETE' to return to the main game. top Paytable The 'PAYTABLE' lists the prizes for winning hands. Only the highest winning hand is paid. All prizes shown in the 'PAYTABLE' are in credits. To calculate the dollar/cents equivalent, multiply the prize by the bet amount. Paytable Poker Hands Win Cards Royal flush natural 500 A, K, Q, J, 10 of the same suit without using the wild card. Royal flush with joker 125 A, K, Q, J, 10 of the same suit using the wild card. Five of a kind 100 Four cards of the same rank plus a wild (Joker). Straight flush 25 Five cards of the same suit in sequence. Four of a kind 10 Four cards of the same rank. Full house 5 Three of a kind plus a pair. Flush 4 Five cards of the same suit. Straight 3 Five cards in sequence (Ace can be low or high). Three of a kind 2 Three cards of the same rank. Two pair 1 Two Pairs each of different rank. top I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the game you will need to log out and log back into your casino account, you will then be prompted to finish the incomplete game from the point where you got disconnected. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. top Last modification date: 3/29/2018