Fruitonium Fruitonium is a five-reel, thirty-payline Jackpot slot game with Free Spins feature. When 3 or more scattered BAR symbols appear anywhere in view, the player is required to choose one scattered BAR which reveals the free spins count and multiplier value. The Free Spins feature cannot be retriggered within free spins. Ca$h Bash Jackpot: The 'Ca$h Bash Jackpot ' consists of two jackpots, which are - Ca$h Bash Mega Jackpot, and Ca$h Bash Super Jackpot. Both jackpots grow progressively as bets are made. For each spin on any of the Ca$h Bash Jackpot games, the house adds a small credit to the two running jackpots. Both levels of Ca$h Bash Jackpot can be won irrespective of hitting any paying combination, while betting any amount. Jackpot is triggered randomly. The larger the bet, the more chance to win a jackpot. Free spins cannot trigger jackpots. If there is a jackpot which has triggered during the base game which also triggers Free Spins, then the jackpot win is shown after the Free spins feature play. Game Information: You can bet on up to thirty lines. The Betting limits are shown on the game screen title bar. LINES can be changed by using the ◄ and ►buttons. BET amount can be changed by using the ◄ and ►buttons. SPIN begins the game with the currently selected BETS and LINES. Payouts are displayed on the PAYTABLE. Pay line wins are multiplied by the amount bet per line. Highest win amount is paid on each selected pay line. Coinciding wins on different bet lines are all added to your total. Scatter wins are multiplied by total bet and added to pay line wins. All wins occur on selected pay lines, except for scattered BAR which pays anywhere in view. Feature wins are added to scatter and pay line wins. All symbols pay from left to right only except Scattered BAR which pays anywhere. The Fruitonium logo wild symbol appears on reels 1, 2, 3 or 4 and substitutes for all other symbols except the Scattered BAR and works only in conjunction with all other symbols, except the Scattered BAR symbol. Malfunctions Voids all Pays and Plays. Payline and Win indication: Payline numbers appear as dots on both sides of the screen. On mouse over the dot, respective payline number dot scales up and the payline number will be visible. Line selection: As the player selects the lines, respective selection will be shown with its symbols pattern and line number highlighted in the respective colour outlines. Already selected paylines can be viewed in the same fashion by keeping mouse over the respective payline dot. Dots of the selected paylines are differentiated from the rest by having an outer glow. Win indication: When a win happens, win payline is highlighted with the respective colour outlines around the win symbols and the outlines blink to emphasize the win. Win symbols animates. If there is multi-line win, win indication is shown one after the other. Win amount display: Win amount is displayed on a panel that slides out from the payline number. Win indication animation is followed by win amount display animation. When there is multi win, win indication is shown for all win lines and then it is followed by win amount display animation for the same. How to Play: Setting 'LINES': Thirty lines are selected by default. Lines can be changed either by clicking ◄ and ► buttons available to the Left & Right of the 'LINES' indicator on the game screen respectively. Player can also select/deselect lines by clicking on desired line number at the end of lines. Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet per line is set for all 30 lines, resulting in a total bet. You can choose to increase or decrease the bet per line by using the ◄ and ► buttons available to the Left & Right of 'BETS' indicator. If your game balance drops below your total bet placed, bet and lines will not get adjusted to the next possible bet. If you have no funds in your account, the deposit page will open automatically. The number of selected lines is multiplied by the 'bet per line', and the total bet amount is displayed in the 'TOTAL BET' meter, which is located at bottom left of the game screen. RULES: Game rules can be viewed by clicking on PAYTABLE button which is located below AUTOSPIN on the game window and then clicking RULES button. Jackpot rules can be viewed by clicking on 'JACKPOT RULES' button in game rules page. You can go back to the game by clicking on the GAME' button. 'PAYTABLE': The 'PAYTABLE' can be viewed by clicking on the 'PAYTABLE' button located right side of the  LINES  meter. To calculate the payout amount, multiply the respective prize with the bet per line. Note that to calculate the payout for scattered BAR symbol, multiply the respective prize with the total bet. You can go back to the game by clicking on the ' GAME' button. SPIN: Click on SPIN to start spinning the reels. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines, or any scatter wins, will be paid according to the pay table. Result: Any wins are indicated by their pay lines highlighted and symbols animating or, in the case of a scatter win, by their symbols animating. The individual line wins are shown on a panel that slides out from the payline number. PAID: Any Line win and/or Scatter win is shown in the ticker area under the five reels. Free Spins feature: The Free Spins feature is triggered when 3 or more Scattered BAR symbols appear anywhere on reels. When the player chooses one of the BAR symbols, it reveals the number of free spins awarded and multiplier value. 3 or more scattered BAR symbols can appear on reels during free spins round, but Free Spins cannot be re-triggered and only scatter wins will be added to your balance. Once all the free spins are completed, normal game is restored. Repeat Bet/Change Bet: If you have already bet, the settings selected will be automatically carried over to the subsequent spin if there is sufficient amount. Simply click on 'SPIN' to play with the same bet again. To change your bet, use the ◄ and ► buttons near the 'BET' or 'LINES' indicators as explained above. Credits: Your remaining game balance, after you have placed the desired bet, is shown in 'CREDITS' meter. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed in the 'CREDITS' meter and the 'TOTAL BET' meter. Jackpot game: If the player wins a Jackpot, a popup appears with the JP win details. Popup will have  OK  button and it will time-out in 5 sec automatically. Your jackpot win will be credited to your Account balance immediately. If you hit multiple jackpots at the same time, the jackpot pop-ups for each of the jackpots will be played consecutively. If any of the two jackpots is hit during Autospins, the remaining auto spins will not continue and the game will resume back to the normal mode. The current amount of the two jackpot levels is shown in the top banner of the game screen. Each jackpot is reset to its individual base value after any player hits that particular jackpot. The reset value of the two jackpots is given below: Ca$h Bash Mega Jackpot: $30,000 Ca$h Bash Super Jackpot: $120 The larger your wager, the more chances you have of winning the jackpot. 'AUTOSPIN': You can make use of this feature to choose amongst the various options for 'hands free' game play. Options available under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will automatically spin for the number of spins selected from the drop-down menu. You can choose any number of games and play until your balance is less than the total bet placed. Spin till win is equal to or exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount selected from the drop down menu. Spin till any win: The game will automatically spin until the next win. Spin till feature trigger: The game will automatically spin until the next feature is triggered. Spin till my balance exceeds or equals to: The game will automatically spin until the game balance is greater than or equal to the amount entered. Note that 'game balance' implies the sum of the amounts given under 'CREDITS' meter and 'TOTAL BET' meter. Spin till my balance falls below or equals to: The game will automatically spin until the game balance is less than or equal to the amount entered. Note that 'game balance' implies the sum of amounts given under 'CREDITS' meter and 'TOTAL BET' meter. Play faster: This option lets you play faster than usual by reducing the break time. You must choose at least one of the other available Autospin options to play with this option. To make use of the  AUTOSPIN  feature, click on the 'AUTOSPIN' button available to the right of LINES meter on the game screen. On the screen that opens up, select the checkboxes against the option(s) of your choice. Select from the drop-down menu where ever applicable. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Similarly, click on 'CANCEL' to skip the  AUTOSPIN  feature and get back to the game screen. When playing with multiple 'AUTOSPIN' options, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be ignored. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again, or choose new option(s), and proceed with the 'AUTOSPIN'.  SPIN  button will turn into  STOPSPIN  when AUTOSPIN is in progress. Click on 'STOPSPIN' button to deactivate AUTOSPIN. While AUTOSPIN is in progress, you can interrupt the game by clicking on the 'STOPSPIN' button. If spin is in progress, AUTOSPIN will be stopped after completing the current spin, otherwise AUTOSPIN is stopped immediately and normal game is restored. Click on 'GAME LOGS' icon on top of game window to view the logs of the games you've played. By default sounds are enabled for the game. Sounds can be disabled or enabled by clicking on the on  Audio  icon on top of the game window. Click on 'CLOSE WINDOW' to leave the game and return to the Lobby. The  GAME LOGS  functionality is applicable only for the real money game play. Free Spins Feature Game: The Free Spins feature is triggered when 3 or more Scattered BAR symbols appear anywhere in view. Feature screen is shown. Scatter symbols animates and waits for the player to select any BAR. Upon selection, it will display Free Spins and Multipliers won, while other BAR symbols show how much would have won. 3 or more scattered BAR symbols can appear on reels during free spins round, but Free Spins cannot be re-triggered and only scatter wins will be added to your balance. Once all the free spins are completed, normal game is restored. All wins during free spins are multiplied by the free spins multiplier awarded. The number of free spins and multiplier awarded are random. Maximum number of free spins that can be awarded is 30 and the maximum multiplier that can be awarded for free spins is 10. Free Spins feature will not be re-triggered when 3 or more Scattered BAR symbols appear anywhere in view during free spins round. Free spins are played at the same bet of the triggering spin. Free Spin Feature wins are added to the game balance at the end of free spins round. Jackpot Round: The jackpot pop-up is displayed every time you hit a jackpot. Only real money bets contribute to the Jackpot. Any bet is eligible for the jackpot. The larger your wager is on each game, the more chance you have of winning the jackpot. Free spins cannot trigger jackpots. Jackpot counter is displayed in the place of game title. Game title, Jackpot counters and Promo ticker toggle in sequence automatically. Each time when Jackpot counter appears, it shows one of the two jackpots. Apart from auto toggling, Jackpot counter can be viewed by clicking on the  Ca$h Bash  button at the top. If the player wins a Jackpot, a popup appears with the Jackpot win details. Popup will have  OK  button and it will time-out in 5 sec automatically. Other than Jackpot winner, other players who are playing Fruitonium game only will get Jackpot win information through Jackpot slider. This will appear over the game title. Jackpot slider will slide-in and display Jackpot win information. It will stay for 5 sec and slides out. Pay Table: Click on PAYTABLE button in the main game screen, game will navigate to Paytable screen. Game/Jackpot Rules Screen: Game rules can be viewed by clicking on PAYTABLE button which is located below AUTOSPIN on the game window and then clicking RULES button. Jackpot rules can be viewed by clicking on 'JACKPOT RULES' button in game rules page. Rules content is shown in multiple pages. Player can browse through the pages using arrows given on both sides. Page numbering is shown on the top right corner of the page. Click on 'Jackpot Rules' button in the Rules screen, Rules screen will navigate to Jackpot Rules screen. Jackpot Rules content is displayed in different pages. Pages can be browsed using arrows. Click on 'Rules' button in OPTIONS section on top of game window, will navigate to Web Game Rules in a new browser window. Pay Lines: The theoretical return to player of this game is 91.56% Adding funds to your Account: To add funds to your Account, click on 'DEPOSIT' option in the 'Cashier' menu in the Main Lobby (Play Anywhere clients), then select the desired deposit option. The time taken to transfer funds and the fees charged will vary depending on which deposit option you choose. What do I do if I reach my betting limits? If your game balance drops below the minimum bet, deposit page will be automatically presented. To add funds to your Account, click on the 'DEPOSIT' option in the 'Cashier' menu in the Main Lobby (Play Anywhere clients) or click the  Deposit Now  button in the 'Buy-In' window of any non-mini game. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game or jackpot game, the software will automatically complete the game for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game Logs' button once you have logged back in. If you get disconnected after triggering or in the middle of the Free Spins feature, on reconnection, the software will automatically start the feature round, if not already started, or resume from where it was disconnected. If player gets disconnected after triggering Free Spins and before selecting the BAR, after reconnection the player is allowed to select the BAR and continue the Free Spins feature game. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team. Last modification date: 11/3/2020