Full Moon Fever top Game Objective: Full Moon Fever is a five-reel, 25- payline game with Free Spins feature. The Winfalls free spin feature is triggered when 3 or more scattered Haunted House symbols appear anywhere in view. Before entering the Winfalls feature round Pet selection screen is displayed where the player is required to choose a pet. This pet acts as Extra wild during Winfalls feature. top Game Information: Bet on twenty five lines. top How to play: Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet of EUR 0.02 per line is set for all 25 lines, resulting in a total bet of EUR 0.50. You can choose to increase or decrease the bet per line by using the ◄ and ► buttons available to the Left & Right of ‘BET’ indicator. If your game balance is less than EUR 0.50, the system will automatically adjust the bet to the next highest possible amount. Max Bet: To play with 25 lines and EUR 50.00 bet per line, click on 'MAXBET'. If your game balance is not sufficient, this option is disabled. The number of selected lines is multiplied by the 'bet per line', and the total bet amount is displayed in the 'TOTAL BET' meter, which is located at bottom left of the game screen. RULES: To view the game rules player must click on RULES button which is located above the TOTAL BET meter. You can go back to the game by clicking on the ‘GO TO GAME’ button available on RULES screen. 'PAYTABLE': The 'PAYTABLE' can be viewed by clicking on the 'PAYTABLE' button located to the right of the RULES button. To calculate the payout amount, multiply the respective prize with the bet per line. Note that to calculate the payout for scattered Haunted House symbol, multiply the respective prize with the total bet. You can go back to the game by clicking on the ‘GO TO GAME’ button available on PAYTABLE screen. SPIN: Click on SPIN to start spinning the reels. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines, or any scatter wins, will be paid according to the paytable. Result: Any wins are indicated by their paylines highlighted and symbols animating or, in the case of a scatter win, by their symbols animating. The individual payline wins are shown at the end of each winning line. The total win amount is shown in the ticker area under five reels as a message. WINFALLS FREE SPINS feature: The Winfalls Free Spins feature is triggered when 3 or more Scattered Haunted House symbols appear anywhere in view. Pet selection screen is presented. Player needs to choose a pet from the given 4 pets on the screen. The chosen pet becomes an ‘Extra Wild’ during Winfalls’ feature . Upon choosing a pet, it transforms into an alter-ego state. Eg: Dog transforms into wolf. After selecting a pet and click on OK button, the free spins begin in winfalls mode. Here all the symbols will be shown in alter-ego mode. The number of free spins awarded are random. All payline wins during free spins are multiplied by the free spins multiplier awarded. The Free Spins feature cannot be retriggered during free spins. Once all the free spins are completed, normal game is restored. Repeat Bet/Change Bet: If you have already bet, the settings selected will be automatically carried over to the subsequent spin if there is sufficient amount. Simply click on 'SPIN' to play with the same bet again. To change your bet, use the ◄ and ► buttons near the 'BET' indicator as explained above. Credits: Your remaining game balance, after you have placed the desired bet, is shown in 'CREDITS' meter. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed in the ‘CREDITS’ meter and the 'TOTAL BET' meter. AUTOSPIN': You can make use of this feature to choose amongst the various options for 'hands free' game play. Options available under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will automatically spin for the number of spins selected from the drop-down menu. Spin till win is equal to or exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount selected from the drop down menu. Spin till any win: The game will automatically spin until the next win. Spin till feature trigger: The game will automatically spin until the next feature is triggered. Spin till my balance exceeds or equals to: The game will automatically spin until the game balance is greater than or equal to the amount entered. Note that 'game balance' implies the sum of the amounts given under 'CREDITS' meter and 'TOTAL BET' meter. Spin till my balance falls below or equals to: The game will automatically spin until the game balance is less than or equal to the amount entered. Note that 'game balance' implies the sum of amounts given under 'CREDITS' meter and 'TOTAL BET' meter. Play faster: This option lets you play faster than usual by reducing the break time. You must choose at least one of the other available Autospin options to play with this option. To make use of the auto spin feature, click on the 'AUTO SPIN' button at the bottom of the game screen. When the auto spin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Select from the drop-down menu where applicable. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Click on 'CANCEL' to return to the game screen. Click on 'STOPSPIN' button to deactivate AUTOSPIN. While If spin is in progress, AUTOSPIN will be stopped after completing the current spin, otherwise AUTOSPIN is stopped immediately and normal game is restored. When playing with multiple 'AUTO SPIN' options, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be ignored. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again, or choose new option(s), and proceed with the 'AUTO SPIN' Please note: The 'AUTO SPIN’ option is not available in play money mode. Click on 'GAME LOGS' to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on 'GAME RULES' to view the current version number & game rules of the game. Click on 'REBUY' to buy more credits into the game from your bwin account. Click on 'EXIT GAME' to leave the game and return to the Lobby. Click on 'QUICK DEPOSIT' button to deposit money into your bwin account. The game rules are identical in both real money and play money modes. top Game Rules: Play 25 lines. Lines cannot be changed. BET amount can be changed by using the ◄ and ► buttons. SPIN begins the game with the currently selected BET and all 25LINES. BET MAX selects 25 lines and maximum bet per line. Payouts are displayed on the PAYTABLE. Payline wins are multiplied by the amount bet per line. Highest win amount is paid on each selected payline. Coinciding wins on different lit lines are all added to your total. Scatter wins are multiplied by total bet and added to payline wins. Wild symbol appears on all reels except reel 5. All wins occur on paylines, except for scattered Haunted House which pays anywhere in view. Feature wins are added to scatter and payline wins. All symbols pay from left to right only except Scattered Haunted House which pays anywhere. Full Moon fever Wild Logo symbol substitutes for all other symbols except Scattered Haunted House. Wild works only in conjunction with other symbols, except scatters. Malfunctions Voids all Pays and Plays. top Winfalls Free Spins Feature game play: When 3 or more Haunted House symbols appear anywhere in view a special free spins feature round called ‘Winfalls’ round gets triggered. CHOOSE A PET TO FEED screen appears before entering into the Winfalls round. Player needs to choose a pet from the given 4 pets on the screen. The chosen pet becomes an ‘Extra Wild’ during Winfalls round. Upon choosing a pet, it transforms into an alter-ego state. Eg: Dog transforms into wolf. In this round, all the symbols will be displayed in their alter-ego state. For each free spin, when the free spin begins multiplier is not set. If there is any win in the free spin, the multiplier is set to x1 and all winning combinations are paid and multiplied by this multiplier (x1). All symbols involved in the respective winning combinations will disappear; allowing all symbols above them to descend into the vacant spaces and at the same time allowing new random symbols to drop from the top of the game screen, potentially creating more wins for same free spin. If more wins are created from the descending symbols and the new symbols that drop from the top, the multiplier is increased to x2, all winning combinations are paid and multiplied by this multiplier (x2). All symbols involved in the respective winning combinations will disappear; allowing all symbols above them to descend into the vacant spaces and at the same time allowing new random symbols to drop from the top of the game screen, potentially creating more wins for same free spin with increasing multiplier until 5. This process repeats itself until there are no wins and then the next free spin begins. The available multipliers are X1,X2,X3,X4 and X5 All wins during free spins are multiplied by the free spins multiplier awarded. The chosen pet becomes an ‘Extra Wild’ during free spins. The numbers of free spins awarded are random. The maximum number of free spins that can be awarded are 50 The Free Spins feature cannot be re-triggered during free spins. Free spins are played at the same number of lines and bet per line of the triggering game. Free spin wins are added to payline and scatter wins. Click on PAYTABLE button in the main game, game will navigate to Main game Paytable screen. Click on PAYTABLE button in the CHOOSE A PET TO FEED screen will navigate to Winfalls feature paytable top Normal Paytable: top Winfalls Paytable: The theoretical return to player of this game is 95.33%. top PayLines: I could not complete the game. What should I do? If the player gets disconnected in the middle of the base game and it is a non-winning game, the game is automatically completed. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game Logs' button once you have logged back in. If you get disconnected after triggering or in the middle of Free Spins, on reconnection the software will automatically start the Free Spins, if not already started, or resume from where it was disconnected. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team. top Last modification date: 1/31/2017