Beauty and the Beast Help Beauty find true love! Beauty & the Beast is a 5-reel slots game with Magic Mirror, Enchantress Mode, Prince Bonus, Spellbound Beast Bonus and Beauty Bonus. During regular play, the goal is to achieve a winning combination of symbols on any of the 30 lines. Payouts depend on the bet amount and the winning combination of symbols achieved. Thrills, danger, romance and big money wins! Base Game User Interface Paytable : This screen shows the paytable and quick help info on how to play the game. Total Bet : The amount of money you want to wager can be adjusted through the BET button / display. Total Win : Indicates the amount won on previous spin. Autoplay : Allows automatic consecutive normal game plays for a certain amount of spins. Options for spins range from 0 spins to 100 spins. If loss Exceeds: Set the loss limit. This is a mandatory field and the player must enter a value. Without this value the player cannot initiate Autoplay spins. If Single Win Exceeds: Sets the limit for a single win. This is an optional field default set to No Limit. Spin : Spin the reels. Hitting Spin while reels are spinning will stop them. Options : Here you can set audio volume, deposit (on mobile), access this Help page and return Home. Base Game Symbols HIERARCHY SYMBOL Bonus Trigger Bonus symbol - Trophy - 3 or more trigger bonus game WILD! Rose Wild - acts as any symbol for win Top Award ‘Beauty & Beast’ Logo High Pay Palace Mid Pay 1 Cottage Mid Pay 2 Jewellry Box Low Pay Gold Pendant Royal 1 Ace Royal 2 King Royal 3 Queen Royal 4 Jack Royal 5 Ten Paytable Bonus Game Symbols Many symbols are available only in the bonus games. HIERARCHY SYMBOL BONUS GAME Wild! Beauty with Wild text Prince Terminator Enchantress Prince Wild! Prince w/ Wild text Beauty High Pay Beast Beast 2x Wild! Beauty w/ 2x Wild text Beast 3x Wild! Beauty w/ 3x Wild text Beast 4x Wild! Beauty w/ 4x Wild text Beast 2x Wild! Prince w/ 2x Wild text Beast 3x Wild! Prince w/ 3x Wild text Beast 4x Wild! Prince w/ 4x Wild text Beast The Enchantress The Enchantress is a magical being that can make wonderful things happen! She appears at random, and when she does, she will do one of three things: cast spell to trigger 'Magic Mirror Mode' cast spell to trigger 'Enchanted Reels Mode' nothing: blocked by forces of evil In-Reel Enchantress Feature #1: Magic Mirror Mode When triggered at random, after the beautiful Enchantress character appears she casts her spell and a message is displayed announcing "Magic Mirror Mode!". Beauty will take out her mirror and gaze at herself while the reels transform into magical mirrors. When a mirror lands, it shimmers and reveals a symbol. These 'mirror' symbols can help to provide higher win levels than normal spins. The number of spins remaining is displayed at top middle and when the player is out of spins, a message will signal the mode is complete and return player to base game. In-Reel Enchantress Feature #2: Enchantress Mode When triggered at random, after the beautiful enchantress character appears she casts her spell and a message is displayed announcing "ENCHANTED REELS SPINS!". Her spell causes the vines to grow and the reels change from a 5 x 3, 30 line into a 15 reel, 30 line. Each of the 15 symbol spaces is now its own reel! The reels are richer than the base game and do not contain royals. Base game Win Lines apply. The number of Enchanted Spins remaining is shown in the top display. Once the Feature is complete, a message is displayed - "ENCHANTED REELS SPINS COMPLETE" and you will return to the base game. Bonus Picker Landing Multiple Bonus symbols will trigger the Bonus picker. Help the battle between good and evil Enchantresses by selecting 'Pick Me' symbols. Choosing the right 'Pick Me' will grant you either a Beast, Beauty or Prince Bonus game. Choose wisely! Bonus Game: 'The Spellbound Beast' Bonus This Free Spins Bonus uses the same symbol set as the Base game, with the following differences: Beast symbol is added as a WILD 2. In some cases at random, the Beauty symbol will have a Heart overlay added, but it uses the normal symbol asset. 3. Prince is added as a WILD (will replace Beast Wild). Feature Description Game awards a fixed number of Free Spins based on the number of triggering symbols. Example: 3, 4 or 5 symbols reward 10, 12 or 14 free spins respectively. During the initial Free Spins there are 3 WILD symbols: Rose, 2x Wild Beauty and Wild Beast (which can be replaced by Wild Prince during Bonus) Beauty symbol starts as a 2x multiplier Wild. If she lands on reel 1 AND the Wild Beast symbol lands on reel 5, the two of them come together and it triggers a mini-picking feature. Player picks from among 6 spots to reveal 1 award. That award is multiplied by 2x, based on multiplicative (not additive) treatment of the symbol multiplier values -- 2x Wild Beauty x (1x) Wild Beast. This feature is active through the entire bonus. As the multiplier values for the Wild Beauty and Wild Beast symbols increase, the multiplier applied to the picking award increases Example: '3x Wild Beauty' on reel 1 and a '3x Wild Prince' on reel 5 produces a 9x multiplier for the award. However, for payline wins that involve either or both of the symbols, the multipliers are not added or multiplied, but just applied at face value. In the case of a mix of multiplier values. Example: 2x Wild Beauty and a 1x Wild Beast, award a 2x win multiplier. On each spin, there is a random chance that a Heart “sub-symbol” overlay will be added to the Wild Beauty symbol (not necessarily every symbol instance). Each appearance of the Heart adds to the accumulator (found on left side of the screen). . The accumulator works as a kind of 'board game' on the left side of the screen. When the green square is reached, a lightning bolt shoots out and hits the Beast. When this happens the Wild Beast symbol is converted into a 2x Wild Prince symbol and game awards 3 additional Free Spins. Player continues to spin and earn hearts. If the accumulator is filled to the SECOND green square, both the 2x Wild Beauty and 2x Wild Prince symbols increase value to 3x and game awards 3 additional Free Spins. Player continues to spin and earn hearts. If accumulator is filled to the THIRD green square (Tier 3), both the 3x Wild Beauty and 3x Wild Prince symbols increase value to 4x and game awards 3 additional Free Spins. Multipliers are capped at the Tier 3 value, but game awards 3 additional Free Spins for every [N] Hearts that appear after that. Bonus ends when there are no remaining Free Spins. Bonus Game: Beauty Bonus This Free Spins Bonus uses the same symbol set as the Base game, with the following differences: Prince is added as a full reel WILD symbol on reels 2-5. Feature Description During this mode, there are 2 WILD symbols: Rose and Prince. The game awards a fixed number of Free Spins based on number of triggering symbols (3, 4 or 5), i.e. 10, 15 or 20 spins respectively at te beginning of the bonus mode. When a Prince Wild lands in any position on the reels he expands to turn the ENTIRE REEL WILD! Expanding Wild symbol is on all reels, and occurs with relative frequency. As usual, Bonus ends when there are no remaining Free Spins. Bonus 3: 'The Charming Prince' Bonus This Free Spins Bonus uses the same symbol set as the Base game, with the following differences: Beauty is added as a WILD symbol on reels 2-5 Enchantress is added as non-paying symbol on the 3rd reel Feature Description During Free Spins, there are 2 WILD symbols (Rose and Beauty), resulting in higher hit frequency than in base game. The starting multiplier depends on the number of bonus symbols matched to trigger prince spins. From the start, all Wins are multiplied: 3 triggering symbols awards a 2x multiplier, 4 triggering symbols a 4x multiplier, and 5 triggering symbols a 6x multiplier. Each spin in which the Enchantress symbol appears on reel 3, there is a random chance that she is GOOD and will grant an increased Win multiplier (up to a maximum total of 10x), or EVIL who will then remove a spot on the heart meter. Bonus ends when all 3 spots on heart meter are empty. RTP The Return-to-Player value is 96%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 . We hope you enjoy Beauty and the Beast! Good luck! For any technical issues, payment problems or other support topics, please direct those enqueries ot the company who's website you are playing on. If you have any comments or suggestions don't hesitate to write contact@asylumlabsinc.com. All work created by www.asylumlabsinc.com Malfunction voids all pays and plays. copyright 2017 , Asylum labs Inc. "All original characters, renderings, Screen shots and software code are Copyright©2018 of Asylum Labs Inc(R). “Asylum Labs(R) are registered trademarks of Asylum Labs(R)." Last modification date: 6/3/2020