Golden Wisdom 'Dragon' substitutes for all symbols except scatters. 'Dragon' appears on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 only. 'Golden Peach' appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 during paid games only. 'Free Games' and 'Golden Peach' are scatters. 6 or more 'Golden Peach' win all Golden Prizes appearing on 'Golden Peach'. The game has a return to player of 96.10%. Scatters pay in any position. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels, except scatters and Bonuses. All wins on lit lines only except scatters and Bonuses. Highest win only on each line except scatters and Bonuses. All Wins are added. Golden Cash Feature During paid games, any 6 or more 'Golden Peach' triggers the Golden Cash Feature. 3 free respins are awarded. The 'Golden Peach' that triggered the Golden Cash Feature are held in position. If 1 or more additional 'Golden Peach' appears, those 'Golden Peach' are also held in position and the number of respins remaining is reset to 3. Each additional 'Golden Peach' appearing awards a random Golden Prize of 1, 2, 3, 5, 10, 25 or 50 multiplied by total bet as displayed. The Golden Cash Feature is completed when either no respin remains or the Grand prize is won. Extra Bonus Golden Cash Feature During paid games, the Extra Bonus Golden Cash Feature may be triggered randomly except when Golden Cash feature or Grand prize triggered. 3 free respins are awarded and a big 'Golden Peach' will appear over reels 2, 3 and 4. The big 'Golden Peach' counts as 9 'Golden Peach' towards the Grand prize. If one or more additional ' Golden Peach' appears, those 'Golden Peach's are also held in position and the number of respins remaining is reset to 3. Each additional 'Golden Peach' appearing awards a random Golden Prize of 1, 2, 3, 5, 10, 25 or 50 multiplied by total bet as displayed. The Extra Bonus Golden Cash Feature is completed when either no respin remains or the Grand prize is won. FREE GAMES FEATURE During paid games, 3 or more scattered 'Free Games' triggers the Free Games Feature with 8 free games. 1 additional free game is triggered by any scattered '1 Free Game'. 'Dragon x2' appears on reels 2 and 4 only and substitutes for all symbols except '1 Free Game' and 'Bonus'. Every 'Dragon x2' that substitutes in a win doubles the pay for that win. During this Feature, the corresponding Feature Paytable is applied. Bet and lines played are the same as the game that triggered this Feature. Bonus Prizes Any 3 'Bonus' awards Mini Bonus. Any 4 'Bonus' awards Minor Bonus. Any 5 'Bonus' awards Major Bonus. 'Bonus' appears during Free Games Feature only and appears on all reels with any symbol. The chance of 'Bonus' appearing is proportional to the total bet. Grand Prize The Grand prize is awarded when 15 'Golden Peach's are collected during the Golden Cash Feature or the Extra Bonus Golden Cash Feature. The Grand prize can also be awarded randomly on any paid game when the Golden Cash Feature or the Extra Bonus Golden Cash Feature is not triggered. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 6/5/2020