Vomiting Unicorns FULL GAME RULES Vomiting Unicorns is a 5-reel, 4 row video slot featuring transforming Wilds The game is played with 30 bet lines (fixed), orientated from left to right. WISH FEATURE At the start of every spin before the reel results are revealed, one to five Unicorn(s) will make a wish, indicated by the dream bubble above their heads. If any symbol on the reel matches with a Unicorn’s wish in the same reel, that entire reel will be transformed into an Expanding Wild symbol. A light will also be lit above the Unicorn’s head. If all 5 lights become lit in a single spin, the Jackpot Spin Feature is activated. JACKPOT SPIN FEATURE An Expanding Wild in every reel position will trigger the activation of this feature. Progress towards being awarded this feature may be seen from the lights sequence above the Unicorn characters. The player must get 5 Expanding Wild symbols in a single spin to activate this feature. The player will be awarded one high level spin, where they will be awarded one of six bet multipliers: x250, x500, x1,000, x2,500, x5,000 or x10,000. Each multiplier is represented by a differing colour of light, the lights sequence will begin and stop at a random light, awarding the associated prize. AUTO PLAY Auto play plays the game automatically for the number of game rounds selected in the SPIN OPTIONS menu. Selecting Turbo will enable fast play. Selecting Super Turbo will enable even faster play and auto-skips all animations except big win or feature. To use autoplay, simply select the number of auto-spins you desire by selecting number. Then choose a total loss limit and then press the button to CONFIRM and start spins. You may also choose to stop the autoplay if your single spin win exceeds a particular amount. You may also choose to stop the autoplay when JACKPOT is won. HOW TO PLAY Select your bet amount Press the Spin button to start game Press the Spin Options menu button to customise your spin experience Press the bet control buttons to increase or decrease your bet Press the Menu button to access game settings Press the return button to return to main game RETURN TO PLAYER The overall theoretical return to player is 95.7%. GAME SETTINGS Game Sounds - Turn the sounds on or off. Pay Table - Find out how much each symbol pays out, explanations of the game features, and information on the paylines. Game Rules - Opens the rules of the game. auto play DEMO PLAY The Operator's Demo Mode games are a sample of the Play for Real version. They play with the exact same rules and random number generator. Demo Mode versions of games allow you to play for ‘fun money’ that has no financial value. GAMING SYSTEM MALFUNCTION The Operator reserves the right to withhold winnings and void wagers if a Player manipulates the games in a fraudulent manner or the Gaming System itself malfunctions. The definition of such a malfunction extends to an error in the published odds or pay tables, or a game not working in accordance with its published rules. INTERRUPTED GAMES If an interrupted game is not completed within 1 day(s), it shall end. Any accumulated winnings that are linked to the interrupted game will be awarded. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000