Piggy Power Game Rules Piggy Power™ is a 5-reel, 3-row video slot featuring Power Spins Feature, Super Power Spins Feature and Power Wheel Feature. Base Game RTP is 96.03%. All RTPs represent the long term theoretical payback. Minimum bet: $0.50. Maximum bet: $100.00. The game is always played with 243 Ways, except for the Super Power Spins Feature, which may be played with up to 3087 Ways. Each winning ways combination is made up of only one symbol from each reel. All wins pay left to right on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Each symbol can be used only once per winning ways combination.Highest win only for each winning combination. Power Spins Feature, Super Power Spins Feature and Power Wheel Feature wins are added to base game wins. Wins on different combinations are added. Displayed Scatter symbol credit values and Mini, Minor, Maxi, Major, Mega prizes are proportional to the selected bet and displayed as such. Paytable win values are multiplied by the currently selected bet. All wins shown in currency. The game outcome is random and cannot be influenced by the actions of the player. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Wild Symbols Wild and Wild x2 symbols appear on reels 2,3 and 4 during base game only. Wild x3 symbols appear on reels 2,3 and 4 during Power Spins Feature and Super Power Spins Feature only. Wild and Wild x2 symbols substitute for all non-Wild symbols, except Scatter and Power Wheel symbols. Wild x3 substitutes for all non-Wild symbols, except Scatter symbol, Wild Power Scatter symbol and Expanding Wild Symbol. Multiple Wild, Wild x2 and Wild x3 symbols can appear during a single spin in base game, Power Spins Feature and Super Power Spins Feature, depending on their appearance rules. The total win multiplier for a winning combination is calculated as the product of all Wild multipliers included in that combination. For example, for a spin with Wild x2, Wild x2 and Wild x2 applicable wins are multiplied by 8. Scatter credit values are not affected by any kind of Wild symbol. Expanding Wild symbol appears on reels 2,3 and 4 during Super Power Spins only. After expanding the reels, it behaves as a Wild symbol. Scatter and Wild Power Scatter symbols Scatter symbols appear on all reels during Base Game, Power Spins Feature and Super Power Spins Feature. Scatter symbol values are displayed in credits. 1 credit equals 1 cent of the currency in play. Possible landing Scatter symbol credit values in base game are x0.1, x0.2, x0.3, x0.4, x0.5, x1, x2 base bet. Possible landing Scatter symbol credit values in Power Spins and Super Power Spins are x0.1, x0.2, x0.3, x0.4, x0.5, x1, x2, x5, x10, x25 base bet. Wild Power Scatter symbol appears on reels 2,3 and 4 in Power Spins Feature and Super Power Spins Feature only. Wild Power Scatter symbol credit value equals the total sum of all Scatter symbols credit values that triggered the Power Spins Feature or Super Power Spins Feature. However, if the Super Power Spins Feature is triggered via the Power Wheel Feature, the Wild Power Scatter has a fixed value of 1.2 times the bet. The Wild Power Scatter symbol credit value increases throughout all spins in the Power Spins Feature and Super Power Spins Feature. Wild Power Scatter symbol accumulates credits only from the Scatter symbols that appear together with the Wild Power Scatter symbol in the same bonus spin. The values are added to the credit value awarded upon entering the bonus. Only one Wild Power Scatter can land on a single spin. Example: In a Power Spins Feature where a Wild Power Scatter starts with a credit prize value of 500, and it lands on each of the following spins: On the first spin, two Scatter symbols land with credit values of 100 and 200. Since the Wild Power Scatter also lands, its value increases to 800 (500 + 100 + 200), effective from the next spin. On the second spin, one Scatter symbol lands with a credit value of 150. Since the Wild Power Scatter lands again, its value increases to 950 (800 + 150), effective from the next spin. On the third spin, three Scatter symbols land with credit values of 50, 100, and 100. As the Wild Power Scatter lands once more, its value increases to 1,200 (950 + 50 + 100 + 100), effective from the next spin. Power Wheel Feature Power Wheel Bonus symbol appears on reels 1,3 and 5 during Base Game only. 3 Power Wheel Bonus symbols trigger Power Wheel Feature. 1 Power Wheel spin is awarded Possible Power Wheel Feature prizes Prize Value MEGA x1000 MAJOR x100 MINOR x50 MAXI x25 MINI x10 SUPER POWER SPINS Super Power Spins Feature is awarded with Wild Power Scatter credit value set to x1.2 base bet. MEGA, MAJOR, MINOR, MAXI, MINI prizes are shown in currency and are awarded during Power Wheel Feature only. All the wins collected during the Power Wheel Feature are summed up and presented as the total win at the end of the feature and added to base game win, if any. The size of each wheel segment does not reflect the probability of winning the prize. Power Spins Feature 5 or more Scatter symbols landing on reels trigger Power Spins Feature. The Power Spins Feature starts with 3 Bonus Spins. Wild Power Scatter resets Bonus Spins to 3 when it lands. Wild Power Scatter awards its credit prize value when it lands. When a Wild Power Scatter lands, it accumulates the credit prize value of each Scatter symbol landing on the same Bonus Spin, if any. For example: In a spin where a Wild Power Scatter has a credit prize value of 500, and three Scatter symbols have credit prize values of 100, 300, and 200 respectively, the applicable win for the Wild Power Scatter is 1100 (500 + 100 + 300 + 200). During the next spin, Wild Power Scatter will have a starting credit prize value of 1100. All the wins collected during the Power Spins Feature are summed up and presented as the total win at the end of the feature and added to base game win, if any. The Power Spins Feature ends when no Bonus Spins remain. B-O-N-U-S Feature counter The B-O-N-U-S Feature counter above the reels tracks the number of Power Spins Features played on the currently selected bet. Each time a Power Spins Feature is triggered, one letter (B, O, N, U) is filled to indicate progress. When the 5th consecutive Power Spins Feature is triggered on one bet level, instead of a regular Power Spins Feature, a Super Power Spins Feature is played. After the Super Power Spins Feature ends, the counter resets, and all the letters are cleared. Triggering Super Power Spins Feature from the Power Wheel Feature does not add to the B-O-N-U-S counter, nor does it reset the counter after being played. Super Power Spins Feature Once the feature counter is displaying B-O-N-U, 5 or more Scatter symbols landing on reels trigger Super Power Spins Feature. The Super Power Spins Feature starts with 3 Bonus Spins. Wild Power Scatter resets Bonus Spins to 3 when it lands. Wild Power Scatter awards its credit prize value when it lands. When a Wild Power Scatter lands, it accumulates the credit prize value of each Scatter symbol landing on the same Bonus Spin, if any. For example: In a spin where a Wild Power Scatter has a credit prize value of 500, and three Scatters have credit prize values of 100, 300, and 200 respectively, the applicable win for the Wild Power Scatter is 1100 (500 + 100 + 300 + 200). During the next spin, Wild Power Scatter will have a starting credit prize value of 1100. When an Expanding Wild symbol lands, it expands the reel on which it appears by +1 symbol space, revealing an additional symbol that becomes part of the current Bonus Spin and contributes to any winning combinations, if applicable. The expanded reel layout persists for the duration of this Super Power Spins Feature until the feature ends. Each subsequent Expanding Wild symbol that lands expands the reel further by +1 symbol space. The maximum possible reel layout is made out of 5 reels with a 3-7-7-7-3 row structure, creating 3,087 Ways to Win. Expanded reels can only reveal one of the following symbols: Wild x3, a Scatter with a credit prize value, another Expanding Wild that further expands the reels, or a Wild Power Scatter with a credit prize value—if it has not already landed on the reels. Expanding Wild can no longer appear on a reel that has already reached its 7th row. All the wins collected during the Super Power Spins Feature are summed up and presented as the total win at the end of the feature. The Super Power Spins Feature ends once no Bonus Spins remain. Game Operation Spin Button: click to initiate a game round at the currently selected bet. Clicking the button during spins, feature summaries and multiplier animations fast-forwards them. Spacebar can be used in the desktop version of the game to perform spins. Bet Button: click to select the base bet. Press ‘+’ to increase the base bet. Press ‘-’ to decrease the base bet. Autoplay Button: Click to open the autoplay menu. Turbo Button: click to enable the Turbo Mode. Spins will be performed more rapidly in the Turbo Mode. Turbo mode applies to the base game and any available bonus features. Click again to disable the Turbo Mode. Pays Button: click to open the Pays section. Settings Button: click to access game settings and the detailed Game Rules. Some of the features might not be available based on limitations of the current jurisdiction. Unless automatically resolved, unfinished game rounds can be returned to and finished by the player. The manner and time of automatic resolution of game rounds depends on the Casino Operator. The time after which inactive game sessions are ended depends on the Casino Operator. Please refer to the Casino Operator terms and conditions for detailed information. Autoplay settings Number of spins: the number of autospins to perform. Autoplay can be stopped at any moment. Stop on any feature: If enabled, the autoplay will be stopped upon hitting any bonus feature, depending on the game played. Loss limit: The autoplay will be stopped if the total loss during autoplay exceeds the selected value. Loss is calculated as the difference between bets placed and total win collected during the autoplay session. Stop on single win above: The autoplay will stop if a single game win exceeds the selected value during the autoplay. Last modification date: 11/11/2025