Thor Hammer Time 1.2 Game Rules Thor: Hammer Time is a video slot with 5 features; Thor's Lightning Bonus, Rune Raze, Hammer Time, Scatter Energy Collect and Asgard Spins. A 5-reel video slot with 13 symbols. 20 win lines (see pay table for more info). Thor's Lightning Bonus: 3-7 random sticky Wilds will be placed on the reels in main game. Thor's Lighting Bonus: 2-4 random sticky Wilds will be placed on the reels during Asgard Spins. Thor's Lightning Bonus: 1-2 sticky Wild reels will be placed on the reels, both in main game and Asgard Spins. Thor's Lightning Bonus: Maximum multiplier in Asgard Spins is x4. Asgard Spins: Thor's Lightning Bonus may award the same boost multiple times. A Wild symbol substitutes for any other symbol, except bonus and scatter. A Wild symbol substitutes for the highest possible winning combination on a win line according to the pay table. A winning combination pays from left to right along a win line. Coinciding wins on multiple win lines are paid out. Winning combinations and pays are made according to the pay table. The highest win per activated win line is paid. Different reel configurations are used, depending on the game mode (main game or any of the bonus modes). The theoretical return to the player for this game is 96.03%. A malfunction voids all winnings. Malfunction in gaming hardware/software; all affected bets are refunded. All game states will be saved for 6 months. When playing with Cryptocurrency, unfinished game rounds and states will automatically reset after 24 hours. Any accumulated wins during this round will be paid out. Autoplay automatically plays the game for selected number of rounds or when any of the advanced autoplay setting criteria’s are fulflled. When changing autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect upon completion of the game round or feature. Some autoplay features may be mandatory for some jurisdictions. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 6/9/2020