Safe Cracker Game Rules Safe Cracker is a 5 reel, 20 line slot game, with a cops and robbers theme. The game features three different bonus features. How to play To play the game: Choose your total bet Spin the reels. For a detailed description of the payouts, see section Payouts. For bonuses, see the Bonuses section. For autoplay, see section Autoplay. RTP (Return to Player) The overall game theoretical RTP is 95.0% Pay outs Standard (non bonus symbols) winnings only occur on bet lines. Winning lines are paid from left to right. The winning lines are displayed in the paytable information. 3 or more consecutive instances of the same symbol from the 1st reel on a winning line awards a winning amount. Winnings are determined by the corresponding symbol on the paytable. Only the highest possible win on a winning line is paid. WILD substitutes for all symbols except the bonus symbols. Three or more bonus symbols will trigger a Bonus (see Bonuses section) The sum of winning amounts from all valid pay lines is immediately credited to your wallet at the end of a game round, which is after a paying spin or after no more bonuses remain. Bonuses The appearance of 3, 4 or 5 Bonus symbols will trigger a Bonus game. There are 3 different bonuses which are triggered by different symbols: The Blow The Doors Off Bonus is triggered by 3 or more Police Van symbols anywhere in view. The player is asked to select one of 3 Police Vans and a prize is revealed from within the van. The values of the prizes available are dependent on the number of initiating symbols that started the feature. The Safe Cracker Bonus is triggered by Safe symbols appearing on reels 1, 3 and 5. The player is required to enter numbers from a keypad to crack a code and unlock a safe. When the safe is unlocked, a cash prize is revealed. The On The Run Bonus is triggered by 3 or more Cashbag symbols in view. The player is required to travel round a board. He can land on multiplier squares which award prizes expressed as multiples of the player's stake. The size of the multipliers is determined by the number of initiating symbols that started the feature. It is also possible to land on a Mystery square which sends the player to court and where he can be let off to continue or caught by the police which is then Game Over. Autoplay (where available) Autoplay plays a number of spins automatically. Open autoplay option by holding down AUTOPLAY button. In the autoplay options, set the number of spins, then start autoplay. Autoplay stops when no spins remain or there is insufficient balance. The player can stop autoplay and return to normal play by pressing STOP AUTOPLAY. Depending on your jurisdiction and operator, you may have to set limits before you start autoplay, which when exceeded stops autoplay. There could be limits for the amount lost overall (loss limit) and the amount won during a single game round (single win limit). If you are playing in a jurisdiction that requires this, autoplay will not work until you complete these settings. Connectivity and malfunction Players cannot be unfairly advantaged or disadvantaged by disconnections or network interruptions. In rare and exceptional circumstances where a game state cannot be restored, such a malfunction voids all pays and play. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 6/8/2020