Deadwood 1.1 Game Features HUNTER WILD A 4-row high Wild symbol exists on reel 2, 3 and 4 and will always nudge to fully visible. For every step the Hunter Wild nudges, the win multiplier increases by 1. Several Wild multipliers add to each other for a total Wild multiplier. A Wild symbol substitutes for any other symbol except Scatter and Badge. SHOOT OUT Landing Sherif Badge symbols on reel 1 and reel 5 in main game award the Shoot Out feature. All low win symbols on center 3 reels will act as Wild symbols. FREESPINS Landing three Scatters a Freespin round of the players choice. Player gets to choose either 8 Gunslinger Spins or 8 Hunter Spins. GUNSLINGER SPINS The Hunter Wilds will award an unlimited win multiplier that sticks for the entire feature. For every step the Hunter Wild nudges, the win multiplier increases by 1. Sherif Badge symbols can land on reel 1 and 5. Each landing Sherif badge will award +1 spin. Landing both Sherif Badge symbols in one spin upgrade the feature to Shoot Out Gunslinger Spins with the Sherif Badge symbols locked in place. HUNTER SPINS At least 1 Hunter Wild is guaranteed to land for every spin. Sherif Badge symbols can land on reel 1 and 5. Each landing Sherif badge will award +1 spin. Landing both Sherif Badge symbols in one spin upgrade the feature to Shoot Out Hunter Spins with the Sherif Badge symbols locked in place. SHOOT OUT FREESPINS Feature can be triggered by landing 2 Sherif Badge symbols + 3 Scatters in main game or by landing 2 Sherif Badge symbols in one of the two Freespins. Landing in main game awards 10 spins in the mode the player chooses: Shoot Out Gunslinger Spins or Shoot Out Hunter Spins. During the feature the Sherif Badge symbols are locked in its place and thus triggering the Shoot Out feature on every spin, all low win symbols on middle reels will act as Wilds. 1.2 Game Rules Deadwood is a video slot with 4 features: Hunter Wilds, Shoot Out, Gunslinger Spins and Hunter Spins. A 5-reel, 3-4-4-4-3-row video slot with 13 symbols. 576 win ways (see pay table for more info). The theoretical return to the player for this game is 96.02-96.03%. The theoretical return to the player for Freespin feature buy is 96.06-96.11%. The theoretical return to the player for Shoot Out Freespin feature buy is 96.08-96.12%. Optimal return to player is achieved by choosing Hunter Spins bonus mode. A Wild symbol substitutes for any other symbol except Scatter and Badge. Shoot Out Freespin mode: When Sherif Badge symbols are locked no more Sherif Badge symbol can appear on the reels. A Wild symbol substitutes for the highest possible winning combination according to the pay table. A winning combination pays from left to right. Coinciding wins on multiple combinations are paid out. The highest win per activated win line is paid. Winning combinations and pays are made according to the pay table. Diferent reel confgurations are used, depending on the game mode (main game or any of the bonus modes). A malfunction voids all winnings. Malfunction in gaming hardware/software; all afected bets are refunded. All game states will be saved for 6 months. Autoplay automatically plays the game for selected number of rounds or when any of the advanced autoplay setting criterias are fulflled. When changing autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take efect upon completion of the game round or feature. Some autoplay features may be mandatory for some jurisdictions. When playing with Cryptocurrency, unfnished game rounds and states will automatically reset after 24 hours. Any accumulated wins during this round will be paid out. The maximum win from a single game is £500,000 Last modification date: 6/5/2020