Poker Dog Slots Poker Dog Slots is a 5 reel, 30-payline slot game with (3) excitingly innovative bonus games! Join our lovable cast of canines during the roaring 1920's, as they enjoy a night of slots, poker, music and big laughs! Base Game User Interface (from left to right along bottom of screen) Paytable (i): This screen shows the paytable and quick help info on how to play the game. Poker Bet: Shows the lowest bet wagered during poker deal. Used to calculate poker hand and bonus game winnings. Total Bet: The amount of money you want to wager can be adjusted through the BET button / display. Total Win: Indicates the amount won on previous spin. Autoplay: Allows automatic consecutive normal game plays for a certain amount of spins. Options for spins range from 5 spins to 100 spins. If Loss Exceeds: Set the loss limit. This is a mandatory field and the player must enter a value. Without this value the player can not initiate Autoplay spins. If Single Win Exceeds: Sets the limit for a single win. This is an optional field default set to No Limit Spin: Spin the reels. Hitting Spin while reels are spinning will stop them. (top left of screen) Options: Here you can set audio volume, deposit (on mobile), access this Help page and return Home. (top right of screen ... desktop only) This will make the game fullscreen. Base Game Symbols HIERARCHY SYMBOL Wild Wild Cat - replaces any symbol (except dealer) for win High Pay 1 Collie - She is queen of this speakeasy! High Pay 2 Dalmation - Undercover, he's "The Man" High Pay 3 Chihuahua - "howdy! Just happy to be here!" High Pay 4 Husky - 'ole "good times" Joe High Pay 5 Pug - a young punk, thinks he knows all the "angles" Mid Pay 1 Ace Mid Pay 2 King Mid Pay 3 Queen Mid Pay 4 Jack Mid Pay 5 Ten Dealer Center reel only, deals card for poker hand Sneak-a-Wild At certain moments, The Dealer will decide to help you and give you a free WILD Symbol! This symbol always appears on the second position of the first Reel where it is very useful for making new paylines! Building a Poker Hand While playing the main game, the Dealer character will often give you a new card! When the Dealer symbol appears (on the center reel only), you will receive a new card that goes into your Poker Hand, shown at bottom. If a card qualifies as part of a winning hand, it will glow green, at least two glowing cards indicate that you have a winning hand. A winning hand is 'Jacks or Better', a poker hand of a pair of Jacks or higher. This type of hand not only has a special payout but also triggers the Bonus Game feature. When all seven cards have been dealt, your best five cards are automatically chosen and your payout is made. Your payout is based on the lowest bet you wagered during the deal and the quality of your hand. This bet amount is called the 'Poker Bet' and is displayed just above the Bet button during spins. The 'Poker Bet' is also used during the Bonus Game features to calculate winning amounts. If you complete the hand, but do NOT have Jacks or Better, a message is displayed indicating your hand is completed but did not qualify. You will have 7 empty slots and a chance to try again. Bonus Game Picker Once you have 7 cards a brief display will show what you have won, and you will be given a choice of 3 poker chips. This 'picker' will grant you one of three possible Bonus Game outcomes: 3-of-a-Kind, 4-of-a-Kind and Royal Flush. The 3-of-a-Kind Bonus Game At the beginning of this round, you will be shown the 'final goal' of completing the hands of each dog. For this game, you must pick from the cards on the center of the table, and 'build' complete hands for each canine player. You will draw successive cards, each going to the appropriate dog. Each successful card will raise the Win Multiplier. When you complete a hand for a specific dog, he will howl with delight and you will get a BIG WIN! Play continues, with each card contributing to a hand UNTIL the dreaded Cat Police BUSTED! card is drawn. This card will instantly end the Bonus Round sending you back to the main screen. Raided by the cops! The 4-of-a-Kind Bonus Game At the beginning of this round, you will be shown the 'final goal' of completing the hands of each dog. For this game, you must pick from the cards on the center of the table, and 'build' complete hands for each canine player. The gameplay is identical to '3-of-a -Kind' except this mode has 4 cards to complete each hand. It's more difficult to complete a hand, but payouts are better! You will draw successive cards, each going to the appropriate dog. Each successful card will raise the Win Multiplier. When you complete a hand for a specific dog, he will howl with delight and you will get a BIG WIN! Play continues same as 3-of-a-Kind, with the BUSTED! card ending the round. The Royal Flush Bonus Game At the beginning of this round, you will be shown the 'final goal' of completing the hands of each dog. For this game, you must pick from the cards on the center of the table, and 'build' complete hands for each canine player. The gameplay is identical to '3-of-a-kind' except this mode you will build a 'royal flush' (all cards same suit) to complete each hand. It's the most difficult to complete a hand, but payouts are the best! You will draw successive cards, each going to the appropriate dog. Each successful card will raise the Win Multiplier. When you complete a hand for a specific dog, he will howl with delight and you will get a BIG WIN! Play continues same as 3-of-a-kind, with the BUSTED! card ending the round. RTP The Return to Player value is 96.15%. Mobile For the best experience play our games on the following mobile browsers: For iOS, use Safari or Chrome. On Android devices, we recommend Chrome, Internet Explorer or Opera Mini. We hope you enjoy Poker Dog Slots! We build each of our slots by hand with loving care in hopes you will have hours of fun. Good luck! For any technical issues, payment problems or other support topics, please direct those enqueries to the company whose website you are playing on. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 6/8/2020