Shadow of the Panther Power Bet Malfunction voids all pays and play Select Bet Multiplier Click the Spin button to spin the reels Line wins must appear on played lines. Line win symbols must appear on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Only the highest win is paid on each line. Line wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier. Scatter symbols award in any position on the reels. Wild symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols except the Free Games Bonus symbol and Double Free Games Bonus symbol. The reels contain stacks of mystery symbols that transform into one of the following symbols at the start of each spin: Wild Symbol High Pay 1 Symbol High Pay 2 Symbol High Pay 3 Symbol High Pay 4 Symbol Double High Pay 1 Symbol Double High Pay 2 Symbol Double High Pay 3 Symbol Double High Pay 4 Symbol Mid Pay 1 Symbol Mid Pay 2 Symbol Mid Pay 3 Symbol Low Pay 1 Symbol Low Pay 2 Symbol Low Pay 3 Symbol All stacked mystery symbol positions on a reel transform into the same symbol. At any time during the Base Game, the player is allowed to make a Power Bet at a cost of 10x, 20x, 30x, or 40x the currently selected total bet, corresponding to High Pay 1, High Pay 2, High Pay3 or High Pay 4 symbols, respectively. The player can make this bet by clicking the option of their choice and then clicking “YES” on the confirmation screen. After making a Power Bet, the next 30 bets have an increased chance to win. For the next 30 bets, if High Pay Symbol 4 was selected, then all Super Stacks mystery symbol positions on the reels in the base game will transform into High Pay 4 or Double High Pay 4 Symbols, and all Super Stacks mystery symbol positions on the reels in the Free Games Bonus will transform into Double High Pay 4 symbols. These rules apply also pertain to if High Pay 1, High Pay 2, or High Pay 3 are selected. Placing a bet at a different bet multiplier will forfeit the Power Bet effect on any remaining bets out of the affected 30 bets. The total cost to make a Power Bet as well as play the 30 affected bets is equal to 40x, 50x, 60x, or 70x the currently selected total bet for selecting High Pay Symbol 1, High Pay Symbol 2, High Pay Symbol 3, or High Pay Symbol 4, respectively. A Power Bet cannot be made while a Power Bet is already in effect. RTP: 96.5% FREE GAMES BONUS During the base game, 5 or more Free Games Bonus symbols appearing in any position on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5 starts the Free Games Bonus. 5 Free Games Bonus symbols awards 5 free games. 6 Free Games Bonus symbols awards 7 free games. 7 Free Games Bonus symbols awards 10 free games. 8 Free Games Bonus symbols awards 15 free games. 1 Double Free Games Bonus 1 symbol substitutes for 2 Free Games Bonus symbol. Free Games Bonus symbol is a scatter symbol. Double Free Games Bonus symbol is a scatter symbol. Free Games Bonus symbol and Double Free Games Bonus symbol appear only on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5. Different reels are used during the Free Games Bonus. Free Games Wild symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols. Free games automatically play on the same lines at the same bet multiplier as the game that initiated the Free Games Bonus. The Free Games Bonus does not award additional free games. The Free Games Bonus ends when 0 free games remain. The reels contain stacks of mystery symbols that transform into one of the following symbols at the start of each spin: Free Games Wild Symbol Free Games High Pay 1 Symbol Free Games High Pay 2 Symbol Free Games High Pay 3 Symbol Free Games High Pay 4 Symbol Free Games Mid Pay 1 Symbol Free Games Mid Pay 2 Symbol Free Games Mid Pay 3 Symbol Free Games Low Pay 1 Symbol Free Games Low Pay 2 Symbol Free Games Low Pay 3 Symbol All stacked mystery symbol positions on a reel transform into the same symbol. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 6/8/2020