GoldStruck Game Rules All 5 reels are always in play. Line wins must appear on played lines. Line win symbols must appear on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Only the highest win is paid on each line. Line wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier. Wins are shown in credits unless marked as currency. WILD TRAIN Feature When Front Mine Cart symbol, Middle Mine Cart symbol, and Rear Mine Cart symbol, appear together with Gold Nuggets on the reels, the Wild Train Feature is initiated. After winning combinations are awarded, Front Mine Cart symbols will move one position at a time to overlap with any Gold Nuggets or Miner Hats. As Front Mine Cart symbols move, any Middle Mine Cart symbols and Rear Mine Cart symbols will follow it along the same path in order to remain in consecutive adjacent positions on the reels. When Front Mine Cart symbols reach and overlaps with a Gold Nugget or Miner Hat, that symbol is collected. This process repeats until all Gold Nuggets and Miner Hats have been collected. Each Gold Nugget collected increases the number of positions covered by Middle Mine Cart symbols. Additional Middle Mine Cart symbols are added or removed as necessary during the movement so that the total number of positions covered by Front Mine Cart symbol, Middle Mine Cart symbol, and Rear Mine Cart symbol will always be equal to 3 + the total number of Gold Nuggets collected during the feature. Each Miner Hat collected places 3 to 7 Miners in random positions on the reels not occupied by Front Mine Cart symbol, Middle Mine Cart symbol, or Rear Mine Cart symbol during the next respin or free game. After all Gold Nuggets and Miner Hats have been collected a free respin is awarded. All Front Mine Cart symbols, Middle Mine Cart symbols, and Rear Mine Cart symbols remain locked in their current positions on the reels during each respin. Respins are played on different reels. Respins continue until the Free Games Bonus is triggered or until there is a respin where no Gold Nuggets or Miner Hats were collected. Front Mine Cart symbol, Middle Mine Cart symbol, and Rear Mine Cart symbol and Miner Hats are wild and substitute for all symbols except Front Mine Cart symbol, Middle Mine Cart symbol, Rear Mine Cart symbol, and Miner Hats. Front Mine Cart symbol, Middle Mine Cart symbol, Rear Mine Cart symbol, and Miner Hats do not substitute for Gold Nuggets for purposes of the Wild Train Feature. Miner Hats do not appear on the reels during the base game. Miner Hats appear on reels 1, 2, 3, and 4 during respins. Miner Hats appear on reels 1, 2, and 3 during the Free Games Bonus. Front Mine Cart symbol, Middle Mine Cart symbol, and Rear Mine Cart symbol appear only on reel 5 during the base game. Front Mine Cart symbol, Middle Mine Cart symbol, and Rear Mine Cart symbol do not appear on the reels during respins or the Free Games Bonus. Free Games Feature The During the Wild Train Feature, collecting 5 or more Gold Nuggets starts the Free Games Bonus. The Free Games Bonus uses different reels. Free games automatically play at the same bet multiplier as the game that initiated the Free Games Bonus. All Front Mine Cart symbols, Middle Mine Cart symbols, and Rear Mine Cart symbols carry over from the respin that initiated the Free Games Bonus and remain locked in their current position on the reels during each free game spin. For each free game spin, after winning combinations are awarded, the Front Mine Cart symbol will move one position at a time to overlap with any Gold Nugget or Miner Hats. As the Front Mine Cart symbol moves, any Middle Mine Cart symbol and Rear Mine Cart symbol will follow it along the same path in order to remain in consecutive adjacent positions on the reels. When the Front Mine Cart symbol reaches and overlaps with a Gold Nugget or Miner Hat, that symbol is collected. This process repeats until all Gold Nugget and Miner Hat have been collected. Each Gold Nugget collected increases the number of positions covered by Middle Mine Cart symbols. Additional Middle Mine Cart symbols are added or removed as necessary during the movement so that the total number of positions covered by Front Mine Cart symbols, Middle Mine Cart symbols, and Rear Mine Cart symbols will always be equal to 3 + the total number of Gold Nuggets collected during the Free Games Bonus and the Wild Train Feature that initiated it. Each Miner Hat collected places 3 to 7 Miners in random positions on the reels not occupied by Front Mine Cart symbols, Middle Mine Cart symbols, or Rear Mine Cart symbols during the next free game. Each Gold Nugget and Miner Hat collected awards 1 additional free game. The Free Games Bonus ends when 0 free games remain. The theoretical return to player of this game is 96.50% The maximum win from a single game is £250,000.