Cheeky Fruits 6 Deluxe Cheeky Fruits Deluxe is a 6 reel, 3 row video slot. The game is played with 5 bet lines (fixed), orientated from left to right. The 'BONUS' symbol is a scatter symbol. 3, 4, 5 or 6 scatter symbols will trigger 10/15/20/25 free spins of the bonus game. The game also features an optional Gamble round that provides an opportunity to multiply the total prize on any spin in the main game by correctly guessing the colour or suit of a hidden card. The Gamble round can be played up to five times in a row. BONUS During the bonus game, a random 'Giant symbol' will be chosen every spin which will take up the entirety of reels 2, 3, 4 & 5 (cover 12 positions). Possible 'Giant symbols': 7, Star, Watermelon, Cherry, Lemon, Plum, Orange. JACKPOT FEATURE Find symbols that are wearing crowns to fill the jackpot meter. Every spin resets the meter. If every symbol on the reels has a crown the Jackpot will be awarded! The jackpot amount is shown at the top of the meter, and is based on 5000x your current bet. AUTO PLAY Auto play plays the game automatically for the number of game rounds selected in the SPIN OPTIONS menu. Selecting Turbo will enable fast play. Selecting Super Turbo will enable even faster play. However, please note that Auto play, Turbo and Super Turbo features are not available in some jurisdictions. To use autoplay, simply select the number of auto-spins you desire by selecting number. Then choose a total loss limit and then press the button to CONFIRM and start spins. You may also choose to stop the autoplay if your single spin win exceeds a particular amount. HOW TO PLAY Select your bet amount Press the Spin button to start game Press the Spin Options menu button to customise your spin experience Press the bet control buttons to increase or decrease your bet Press the Menu button to access game settings Press the return button to return to main game Press the turbo switch button to cycle between normal & turbo spin speeds RETURN TO PLAYER The overall theoretical return to player is 95%. KEYBOARD SHORTCUTS ‘SPACEBAR’ and ‘ENTER’ buttons on the keyboard can be used to start and stop the spin. Pressing and holding these buttons will spin using Super Turbo mode. GAME SETTINGS Game Sounds - Turn the sounds on or off. Pay Table - Find out how much each symbol pays out, explanations of the game features, and information on the paylines. Game Rules - Opens the rules of the game. auto play DEMO PLAY The Operator's Demo Mode games are a sample of the Play for Real version. They play with the exact same rules and random number generator. Demo Mode versions of games allow you to play for ‘fun money’ that has no financial value. GAMING SYSTEM MALFUNCTION The Operator reserves the right to withhold winnings and void wagers if a Player manipulates the games in a fraudulent manner or the Gaming System itself malfunctions. The definition of such a malfunction extends to an error in the published odds or pay tables, or a game not working in accordance with its published rules. INTERRUPTED GAMES If an interrupted game is not completed within 1 day(s), it shall end. Any accumulated winnings that are linked to the interrupted game will be awarded. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/19/2020