10p Slots FULL GAME RULES 10c Slot is a 3-reel, single row video slot. The game is played with 1 bet line (fixed), orientated from left to right except cherry symbol which pays any. All figures in the game pay table show the prizes associated with each combination. You may quickly access this pay table by pressing the (insert button) button located at the top right-hand side of the main screen. The cherry symbol pays in any one, two or three positions on the pay-line. A jackpot symbol is Wild and can replace any symbol except “ANY BAR”. A line win with a single Wild will multiply the win by 2x, two wilds multiply the win by 4x. A jackpot symbol on the pay-line of each reel will award x1000. A jackpot symbol can only substitute for a cherry symbol if there is a cherry symbol on the pay-line on another reel. AUTO PLAY Auto play plays the game automatically for the number of game rounds selected in the SPIN OPTIONS menu. Selecting Turbo will enable fast play. Selecting Super Turbo will enable even faster play and auto-skips all animations except big win or feature. To use autoplay, simply select the number of auto-spins you desire by selecting number. Then choose a total loss limit and then press the button to CONFIRM and start spins. You may also choose to stop the autoplay if your single spin win exceeds a particular amount. You may also choose to stop the autoplay when JACKPOT is won. HOW TO PLAY Select your bet amount Press the Spin button to start game Press the Spin Options menu button to customise your spin experience Press the bet control buttons to increase or decrease your bet Press the Menu button to access game settings Press the return button to return to main game RETURN TO PLAYER The overall theoretical return to player is 96.5%. GAME SETTINGS Game Sounds - Turn the sounds on or off. Pay Table - Find out how much each symbol pays out, explanations of the game features, and information on the paylines. Game Rules - Opens the rules of the game. auto play DEMO PLAY The Operator's Demo Mode games are a sample of the Play for Real version. They play with the exact same rules and random number generator. Demo Mode versions of games allow you to play for ‘fun money’ that has no financial value. GAMING SYSTEM MALFUNCTION The Operator reserves the right to withhold winnings and void wagers if a Player manipulates the games in a fraudulent manner or the Gaming System itself malfunctions. The definition of such a malfunction extends to an error in the published odds or pay tables, or a game not working in accordance with its published rules. INTERRUPTED GAMES If an interrupted game is not completed within 1 day(s), it shall end. Any accumulated winnings that are linked to the interrupted game will be awarded. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000