Love Island Slingo Games Features Slingo Love Island Is The Fast Paced Game Where Slots Meets Bingo With Big Cash Prizes Available Select your stake and press start game to begin You have 11 spins to match numbers on the reel with the numbers in the grid The cash prize increases with every Slingo (win line) you complete Wilds allow the player to mark any number in the row above Sharks are blocking symbols Free spin symbols add an extra spin Super wilds allow the player to mark any number in the whole grid Coins award an instant cash prize Three or more wilds or super wilds symbols anywhere on a single spin award a cash prize Up to 6 extra spins are available at the end of the game The price for the next spin is shown on the spin button The potential wins available are displayed in turn The numbers required are highlighted Press collect to end the game Win Lines There are 12 win lines and 11 awards on the paytable because the last number on the grid will always award at least 2 winning lines. Best Strategy The best strategy dictates that the selection for positions of jokers and super jokers is always in the position that will move the player closer to completing a slingo. Where multiple positions with the same criteria are available the preference is given to the positions that are included in the most slingos (win lines). For example the central square would be given preference since it is included in a horizontal, vertical and two diagonal lines. Where multiple positions with the same criteria exist again a random choice is made. Free Games If a player is awarded a free game of Slingo Love Island they will be able to play the base game for free at a predefined staking value. When the base game is completed, the winnings accrued by completing horizontal, vertical or diagonal slingos or other special symbol bonuses will be displayed to the player and the player will have the option to collect their winnings or continue the game by purchasing extra spins using the funds available in their cash or bonus balance. A player may purchase extra spins using a combination of their real cash and bonus cash balance and the final amount won by the player will be credited to their balance proportionate to their blended stake. For the avoidance of doubt, the free game is considered as a bonus cash stake. Rules Coins appear on the centre reel only Devils appear on the centre reel only Free spins symbols are removed from the reels for extra spins A maximum of 6 additional spins can be purchased Free spins symbols are removed from the reels for extra spins Based on best strategy this game has a theoretical RTP of 95% Based on best strategy each extra spin has a theoretical RTP of 95% Malfunction voids pays and plays In extra spins some potential prizes may require super jokers. Pending Games Incomplete Games Will Be Automatically Completed 48 Hours After Launch. Any Remaining Spins Will Be Played Out With A Random Number Generator Used To Many Any Player Decisions. Any Winnings Will Be Automatically Credited. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 6/5/2020