Gold Gold Gold Lion's Way Game Rules Gold Gold Gold - Lion's Way™ is a 5-reel, 3-row, video slot featuring the Free Games Feature and the Gold Gold Gold™ Feature. All RTPs represent the long term theoretical payback. The game is always played with 243 Ways except for the Gold Gold Gold™ Feature. Each winning combination is made up of only one symbol from each reel. All wins pay left to right, beginning with the leftmost reel except Free Games symbol wins which pay any. Each symbol can be used only once per winning combination. Highest win only for each winning combination. Wins on different combinations are added. Free Games Feature and Gold Gold Gold™ Feature wins are added to Ways wins. All wins shown in currency. Displayed Gold Bar symbol values and Bonus Prizes are proportional to the selected bet and displayed as such. Game outcome is random and cannot be influenced by the actions of the player. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Free Games Feature 3 scattered Free Games symbols in paid games trigger the Free Games Feature. The player is awarded with 7 initial Free Games. An alternate set of reels is used during the Free Games Feature. “9”, “10”, “J” and “Q” symbols do not appear on the reels in the Free Games Feature. Free Games are played using the same 243 Ways to Win with the same bet as in the triggering game. The Free Games Feature ends when the Free Games counter drops to 0 and the last Free Game is completed. Free Games symbols landing during any Free Game award additional Free Games: 1 Free Games symbol awards 1 additional Free Game. 2 Free Games symbols award 3 additional Free Games. 3 Free Games symbols award 7 additional Free Games. The maximum possible number of Free Games in a single feature play is 100. Free Games symbols landing after the limit is reached do not award any additional Free Games. Gold Gold Gold™ Feature 3 or more scattered Gold Bar symbols trigger the Gold Gold Gold™ Feature in paid games and in the Free Games. All triggering Gold Bar symbols and their values are carried into the Gold Gold Gold™ Feature and are held on corresponding individual reels. Gold Bar values are displayed in credits. 1 credit equals $0.01. 20 individual Bonus reels of one position each are in play during the Gold Gold Gold™ Feature. The player is awarded 3 Bonus Spins upon entering the feature. For each Bonus Spin, the Bonus reels are spun and a symbol lands on each reel. The player can collect up to 15 Gold Bar symbols on 15 lower reels. The player can collect up to 5 Bonus Prize symbols on 5 upper reels. Collecting 15 Gold Bars on the lower reels awards the Grand Bonus. The following winning symbols can appear on the reels during the Gold Gold Gold™ feature: Appears on lower 15 reels.Held if landed. Its credit value is added to the total win at the end of the feature. Any landed Gold Bar resets the Bonus Spins counter to 3. Appears on upper 5 reels only. When landed, it is held on the reel and awards the corresponding Bonus Prize at the end of the feature. Any landed Bonus Prize symbol resets Bonus Spins counter to 3. Multiple Bonus Prizes can be awarded during the Gold Gold Gold™ Feature. Appears on 5 upper reels only. When landed, the value of each collected Gold Bar is multiplied by 2 or 3, respectively. Not held on the reels. Bonus Prizes are not multiplied. All other symbols appearing on the Bonus reels are dimmed and are not evaluated. Possible landing Gold Bar values are 0.5x, 1x, 1.5x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 8x, 10x, 12x, 15x and 20x bet. Gold Gold Gold™ Feature ends once no Bonus Spins remain or both 15 Gold Bars are collected on the lower reels and any 5 Bonus Prizes are collected on the upper reels. Sum of all collected Gold Bar values form the total Credit Prize. Collected Bonus Prizes and the Credit Prize are summed up and award the total feature win at the end of the Gold Gold Gold™ feature. Bonus Prizes Grand Bonus value is 1500x base bet. Mega Bonus value is 240x base bet. Maxi Bonus value is 120x base bet. Minor Bonus value is 60x base bet. Mini Bonus value is 30x base bet. Grand Bonus, Mega Bonus, Maxi Bonus, Minor Bonus and Mini Bonus can be awarded during the Gold Gold Gold™ Feature only. Game Operation Spin Button: click to initiate a game round at the currently selected bet. Clicking the button during spins, feature summaries and multiplier animations fast-forwards them. Spacebar can be used in the desktop version of the game to perform spins. Bet Button: click to select the base bet. Press ‘+’ to increase the base bet. Press ‘-’ to decrease the base bet. Autoplay Button: Click to open the autoplay menu. Turbo Button: click to enable the Turbo Mode Spins will be performed more rapidly in the Turbo Mode. Turbo mode applies to base game, Free Games and the Gold Gold Gold™ feature. Click again to disable the Turbo Mode. Pays Button: click to open the Pays section. Settings Button: click to access Game Settings and the detailed Game Rules. Extra Bonus Chance Button: click to enable the Extra Bonus Chance mode. Extra Bonus Chance mode increases the overall chances of hitting the Gold Gold Gold™ Feature by approximately 48.57%. Buy Free Games button: Allows triggering the Free Games Feature instantly for an additional fee. Buy Bonus button: Allows triggering the Gold Gold Gold™ Feature instantly for an additional fee. Some of the features might not be available based on limitations in current jurisdiction. Unless automatically resolved, unfinished game rounds can be returned to and finished by the player. The manner and time of automatic resolution of game rounds depends on the Casino Operator. The time after which inactive game sessions are ended depends on the Casino Operator. Please refer to the Casino Operator terms and conditions for detailed information. Extra Bonus Chance Extra Bonus Chance mode uses an alternate set of reels. Extra Bonus Chance increases the chance of getting the Gold Gold Gold™ feature by approximately 48.57% Extra Bonus Chance increases the bet cost by 20%. The cost is added to the base bet. All symbols and Bonus payouts remain the same as for the base bet without the Extra Bonus Chance enabled. All other game rules remain the same as for the base game mode. Extra Bonus Chance can be enabled and disabled only when there’s no game currently in progress. Extra Bonus Chance cannot be combined with Buy Feature. Buy Feature Player can trigger a single spin on an alternate set of reels which guarantees to trigger the Gold Gold Gold™ Feature or the Free Games Feature. Feature can be started by clicking a corresponding Buy Feature button and confirming the choice. Cost of Buy Feature depends on the selected bet: Gold Gold Gold™ Feature triggering cost is 60 times bet Free Games Feature triggering cost is 35 times bet. The cost is deducted from the available balance. Buy Feature is available only if there’s no game round currently in progress. All Gold Gold Gold™ Feature and Free Games Feature rules remain unchanged for Buy Feature. Autoplay Settings Number of spins: the number of auto spins to perform. Autoplay can be stopped at any moment. Stop on any feature: If enabled, the autoplay will be stopped upon hitting the Free Games Feature or the Gold Gold Gold™ Feature. Loss limit: The autoplay will be stopped if the total loss during autoplay exceeds the selected value. Loss is calculated as the difference between bets placed and the total win collected during the autoplay session. Stop on single win above: The autoplay will stop if a single game win exceeds the selected value during the autoplay. Depending on operator and the jurisdiction the game is played in, some of the autoplay settings might not be available. Last modification date: 3/19/2024