Captain Cashfall Megaways How to Play Intro Ahoy there shipmates! All hands on deck for the brand new Captain Cashfall Megaways! Join the Captain on the high seas for wave after wave of exciting features, modifiers and swashbuckling gameplay. Dive down into the depths for underwater freespins, explosive sea mines and of course, the treasure that lies on the sea bed. Players will certainly find their sea legs with this action packed game. How to Play Pressing the PLAY button will cause the reels to spin. Players can choose between stakes by pressing the + and – buttons. The current stake is displayed in between these buttons. The top row adds extra symbols above reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. Each spin can have up to 117649 Megaways™ to win. Every winning symbol forms part of a reaction and is replaced by symbols coming from above on the reels and from the right of the top row. Wild symbols substitute for all other symbols apart from scatters. Mystery symbols can randomly appear after a spin to reveal winning symbols. Get four or more scatters to win freespins. Any extra scatters award extra freespins. During the freespins feature there is a chance of triggering the treasure chest pick me. Open a chest to reveal a prize. The base game has 3 trails which increment when backed symbols land on the reels. When a trail is completed, the corresponding feature is awarded. There are 3 possible features that can be won from the trails: Cans of Cash, Wheel House Fortune and Reel ‘Em In. When the Mine Sweeper feature starts, all Royal symbols (10, J, Q, K, A) are removed. Features will cancel any autoplays. Paytable The Paytable can be found in the information screens by pressing the button labelled ‘i’. Adjusting the stake will dynamically alter the winning values shown in the Paytable. Megaways™ Each spin can have up to 117649 Megaways™ to win. Wins are paid left to right on adjacent symbols regardless of symbol size. Freespins Feature Get four scatters to win 10 freespins. Every extra scatter adds an extra 5 freespins. The unlimited win multiplier begins at one and increases after every win reaction. The freespins retrigger scatter symbol appears only in the top row. If 3 freespins retrigger scatters appear in the top row, the player is awarded 5 extra freespins. If 4 freespins retrigger scatters appear, an extra 10 freespins are awarded. Once the number of freespins remaining reaches 0, the feature will come to an end. During the freespins feature, there is a chance of triggering the treasure chest pick me. Feature Pick Me During freespins, 3 or more Treasure Chest symbols in view starts the Pick Me feature. Pick a chest to reveal a prize. Wins are multiplied by the freespins unlimited win multiplier. Feature Mine Sweeper This feature is triggered randomly. When the Mine Sweeper feature starts, all Royal symbols (10, J, Q, K, A) are removed. Trails Features The base game has 3 Trails which increment when backed symbols land on the reels. Each trail has its own average stake, shown at the base of the trail. When a trail is completed, the corresponding feature is awarded. There are 3 possible features that can be won from the trails: Cans of Cash, Wheel House Fortune and Reel ‘Em In. When the feature ends, the trail that was completed is reset and cleared. Cans of cash: Cans move along the conveyer belt and fall through the trap doors. Each trap door is labelled with a multiplier value. Players are awarded the multiplier value if a can falls through a trap door. Multipliers awarded after each round will be added to the Multiplier Meter. Randomly, the machine will break, and the feature will end. The final total multiplier shown in the Multiplier Meter above the cans will be multiplied by the average stake and added to the player’s winnings. Wheel House Fortune: The player presses start to spin the wheel. If the wheel comes to a stop on a multiplier, this will be added to the Multiplier Meter. With each spin, the lowest values may be eliminated and replaced with a STOP location. If the wheel lands on a STOP, the feature will come to an end. The final total multiplier shown in the Multiplier Meter will be multiplied by the average stake and added to the player’s winnings. Reel ‘Em In: When the feature starts, 3 mini reels appear. The player is awarded a number of spins. This is displayed in a bubble in the bottom right of the screen. The player pulls one of the levers to spin the reels. Matching coloured fish awards multiplier values. Multipliers awarded after each round will be added to the Multiplier Meter. When the number of spins remaining reaches 0 the feature will end. The final total multiplier shown in the Multiplier Meter will be multiplied by the average stake and added to the player’s winnings. Rules The maximum possible win from this game is £250,000.00 The outcome of any game or feature is not necessarily that shown by the odds displayed. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The theoretical return to the player for this game is 96.01% Game Recovery In the event of a game interruption, (for example, the connection could be interrupted, or an accidental closure may occur) the game will resume from the last point of play. Any winnings prior to interruption will be credited to the players account.