Tombstone 1.1 Game Features Outlaw Wilds 3-row high Wild on reel 2, 3, and 4. Wilds will always nudge to fully visible. For every step the Outlaw Wild nudges, the win multiplier increases by 1. A Wild symbol substitutes for any other symbol except Scatter and Bonus. xNudge is trademarked mechanic by Nolimit City. It's unique mechanic of Wilds that awards an increased multiplier for each nudge. Justice Spins Landing a Sheriff and Marshall Badge on reel 1 and reel 5 awards three Justice Spins. Outlaw Wilds will stick throughout the Justice Spins. Gunslinger Spins Landing three (3) Scatters awards ten (10) Gunslinger Spins. The Outlaw Wilds will award an unlimited win multiplier that sticks for the entire feature. For every step the Outlaw Wild nudges, the win multiplier increases by 1. Scatters awards additional spins. 1 Scatter awards 1 extra spin, 2 Scatters awards 3 extra spins. Bounty Spins Triggered by landing Sheriff Badge, three Scatters and a Marshall Badge. Awards 12 Bounty Spins, with a combination of the features from Gunslinger Spins and Justice Spins. Outlaw Wilds will stick to the reels once landed and award a win multiplier for each nudge. For every step the Outlaw Wild nudges, the win multiplier increases by 1. Scatters awards additional spins. 1 Scatter awards 1 extra spin, 2 Scatters awards 3 extra spins. 1.2 Game Rules Tombstone is a video slot with four features; Outlaw Wilds, Justice Spins, Gunslinger Spins and Bounty Spins. A 5-reel video slot with 13 symbols. 108 win ways (see pay table for more info). A Wild symbol substitutes for any other symbol except Scatter and Bonus. A Wild symbol substitutes for the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the pay table. A winning combination pays from left to right. Coinciding wins on multiple betlines are paid out. Winning combinations and pays are made according to the pay table. Different reel configurations are used, depending on the game mode (main game or any of the bonus modes). Outlaw Wilds are 3-row high Wild on reel 2, 3, and 4. Outlaw Wilds will always nudge to fully visible. Outlaw Wilds: For every step the Outlaw Wild nudges, the win multiplier increases by 1. Outlaw Wilds: Landing an extra Outlaw wild increases the multiplier by 1. Justice Spins: Landing a Sheriff and Marshall Badge on reel 1 and reel 5 awards three Justice Spins. Justice Spins: Outlaw Wilds will stick throughout the Justice Spins. Gunslinger Spins: Landing three (3) Scatters awards ten (10) Gunslinger Spins. Gunslinger Spins: Outlaw Wilds will award an unlimited win multiplier that sticks for the entire feature. Gunslinger Spins: For every step the Outlaw Wild nudges, the win multiplier increases by 1. Gunslinger Spins: Landing an extra Outlaw wild increases the multiplier by 1. Gunslinger Spins: Scatters awards additional spins. 1 Scatter awards 1 extra spin, 2 Scatters awards 3 extra spins. Bounty Spins: Triggered by landing Sheriff Badge, three Scatters and a Marshall Badge. Bounty Spins: Awards 12 Bounty Spins, with a combination of the features from Gunslinger Spins and Justice Spins. Bounty Spins: Outlaw Wilds will stick to the reels once landed and award a win multiplier for each nudge. Bounty Spins: For every step the Outlaw Wild nudges, the win multiplier increases by 1. Bounty Spins: Landing an extra Outlaw wild increases the multiplier by 1. Bounty Spins: Scatters awards additional spins. 1 Scatter awards 1 extra spin, 2 Scatters awards 3 extra spins. The theoretical return to the player for this game is 96.18%. A malfunction voids all winnings. Malfunction in gaming hardware/software; all affected bets are refunded. All game states will be saved for 6 months. Autoplay automatically plays the game for selected number of rounds or when any of the advanced autoplay setting criterias are fulfilled. When changing autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect upon completion of the game round or feature. Some autoplay features may be mandatory for some jurisdictions. The maximum win from a single game is £ 458,240. Last modification date: 7/15/2020