The Haunted Horseman GAME RULES Malfunction voids all pays and play Select Bet Per Line Click the Spin button to spin the reels Line wins must appear on played lines Only the highest win is paid to each line Line wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier Scatter symbols award in any position on the reels. Wild symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols except Free Games Bonus symbol Wild symbol appears only on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5. All symbols in winning combinations disappear, whether or not that line was played. The empty symbol positions are filled as symbols tumble from above. Afterwards, lines are re-evaluated for new winning combination on played lines. Reels continue to tumble until no winning symbol combinations are created as a result of the tumbling reels. After symbols in winning combinations disappear as part of the Tumbling Reels Feature, each empty position may remain empty or award one of the following bonuses before the reels tumble: o A credit amount between 10 and 1000 credits times the bet multiplier, or Free Game Bonus symbol. FREE GAMES BONUS 3 or more Free Games Bonus symbols appearing anywhere starts the Free Games Bonus Awards 3 free games per Free Games Bonus symbol. Free Games Bonus symbol is a scatter symbol. Free Games Wild symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols. Free Games Wild symbol appears only on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5. Different reels are used during the Free Games Bonus Free games are automatically played on the same lines at the same bet as the game that initiated the Free Games Bonus. Additional free games cannot be awarded during the Free Games Bonus The Free Games Bonus ends when 0 free games remain. All symbols in winning combinations disappear, whether or not that line was played. The empty symbol positions are filled as symbols tumble from above. Afterwards, lines are re-evaluated for new winning combination on played lines. Reels continue to tumble until no winning symbol combinations are created as a result of the tumbling reels. After symbols in winning combinations disappear as part of the Tumbling Reels Feature, E ach empty position may remain empty or award one of the following bonuses before the reels tumble: o A credit amount between 10 and 1000 credits times the bet multiplier. RTP: 96.0% The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 6/9/2020