The Legend of Ching Shih Game Rules The Legend of Ching Shih is a 5 reel, 20 pay line slot game, with a Chinese Pirate theme. The game features a free spins bonus feature and one base game bonus that can increase reel size and the number of pay lines to 45. How to play To play the game: Choose your total bet. Spin the reels. For a detailed description of the payouts, see section Paytables. For bonuses, see the Bonuses section. For autoplay, see section Autoplay. RTP (Return to Player). The overall game theoretical RTP is 95.04%. Payouts Standard (non Bonus symbols) winnings only occur on pay lines. Winning lines are paid from left to right. The winning lines are displayed in the paytable information. 3 or more consecutive instances of the same symbol from the 1st reel on a winning line awards a winning amount. Winnings are determined by the corresponding symbol on the paytable. Only the highest possible win on a winning line is paid. WILD substitutes for all symbols except the bonus symbols. 3 or more bonus symbols appearing anywhere on the reels will trigger a Bonus (see Bonuses section). The sum of winning amounts from all valid pay lines is immediately credited to your wallet at the end of a game round, which is after a paying spin or after no more bonuses remain. Bonus The appearance of at least 3 Bonus symbols anywhere in view on the reels will trigger the free spins bonus feature. The player is awarded 8 free spins at the start of the feature. The Super Reels in the feature are triggered by a single bonus symbol landing on the centre reel which also awards an extra 3 spins. (Once the super reels are activated they remain open for any remaining spins). Any further bonus symbols landing on the centre reel award 3 extra spins. The base game bonus is randomly activated and increases the reel size to 5 x 9 with 45 pay lines: Once activated they remain open for three free spins and feature stacked symbols. Autoplay Autoplay plays a number of spins automatically. Open autoplay option by holding down AUTOPLAY button. In the autoplay options, set the number of spins, then start autoplay. Autoplay stops when no spins remain or there is insufficient balance. The player can stop autoplay and return to normal play by pressing STOP AUTOPLAY. Depending on your jurisdiction and operator, you may have to set limits before you start autoplay, which when exceeded stops autoplay. There could be limits for the amount lost overall (loss limit) and the amount won during a single game round (single win limit). If you are playing in a jurisdiction that requires this, autoplay will not work until you complete these settings. Connectivity and malfunction Players cannot be unfairly advantaged or disadvantaged by disconnections or network interruptions. In rare and exceptional circumstances where a game state cannot be restored, such a malfunction voids all pays and play. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 6/9/2020