Vegas Jackpots Deluxe Game Rules Vegas Jackpots Deluxe™ is a 5-reel, 4-row video slot with the Bonus Game Feature . Base Game RTP is 95.15%. Game RTP with Extra Bonus Chance enabled is 95.06%. RTP for Buy Bonus Feature is 95.10%. All RTPs represent the long term theoretical payback. Minimum bet: $0.30. Maximum bet: $30.00. The game is always played on 30 lines . All wins pay left to right on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Each winning combination is made of only one symbol from each reel. Highest win only for each winning combination. Wins on different combinations are added. Bonus Game Feature wins are added to the line wins. All wins shown in currency. Jackpot values are proportional to the selected bet and displayed as such. The game outcome is random and cannot be influenced by the actions of the player. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. WILD SYMBOLS Wild symbols appear on reels 2, 3, and 4 in base game and in the Bonus Spins. Wild 2x and Wild 3x symbols may appear on reels 2, 3, and 4 in the Bonus Spins. Each Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except the Bonus symbol and other Wild symbols. Wild 2x and Wild 3x multiply wins for combinations they are part of by 2 or 3, respectively. Multiple Wild , Wild 2x or Wild 3x symbols may land in a single spin in the Bonus Spins. The total win multiplier is the product of all Wild Multiplier values. For example, for a spin with Wild 2x and Wild 2x, applicable wins are multiplied by 4. BONUS GAME FEATURE Landing 5 or more Bonus symbols on any positions in a single spin triggers the Bonus Game Feature . Up to 10 Bonus symbols may land in a single spin with a maximum of 2 Bonus symbols per each reel. Bonus Game Feature consists of Cocktail Pick Portal and Bonus Spins . 5 Bonus Spins are awarded initially when the Bonus Game Feature is triggered. Cocktail Pick Portal: The player is presented with 10 Cocktails after triggering the Bonus Game Feature. Each picked Cocktail reveals an enhancement of the Bonus Game Feature added to the initial 5 Bonus Spins. Number of picks depends on the number of triggering Bonus Symbols as presented in the tables below. Possible enhancements are listed in the tables below. Bonus symbols landed: Awarded picks during Cocktail Pick Portal: Initial Bonus Spins: 5 5 5 6 6 5 7 7 5 8 8 5 9 9 5 10 10 5 Available enhancements in the Cocktail Pick Portal All Majors - when picked, A, K, Q, J and 10 symbols are removed from the reel strips in the Bonus Spins. Jackpots - when picked, the jackpot prizes on the ladder are available to be awarded during the Bonus Spins. Any Bonus symbol that appears during Bonus Spins may reveal the Jackpot symbol. Each landed Jackpot symbol moves the jackpot ladder up by one position, increasing the awarded jackpot prize. At the end of the Bonus Spins, the prize at the final ladder position is awarded. +1 Spin - when picked, it adds one additional spin to 5 initial Bonus Spins awarded. Wild Multiplier (2x Wilds) - when picked, all Wild symbols on reel strips are substituted with 2x Wilds. Wild Multiplier (3x Wilds) - when picked, all Wild symbols on reel strips are substituted with 3x Wilds. 3x Wilds can be picked only after 3x Wilds have been already picked. 3x Wilds replace 2x Wilds as an enhancement in the entire Bonus Spins. Numbers of enhancements available in the Cocktail Pick Portal All Majors 1 Jackpots 1 +1 Spin 6 Wild Multiplier (2x Wilds) 1 Wild Multiplier (3x Wilds) 1 All enhancements are shown at the end of Cocktail Pick Portal. Bonus Spins consist of the initial 5 spins plus enhancements picked, including additional spins. Bonus reels are in play during the Bonus Spins. Bonus symbols may appear on the reels in the Bonus Spins. Landing a Bonus symbol during the Bonus Spins awards an additional Bonus Spin. If Jackpots enhancement was picked in the Cocktail Pick Portal, landing Bonus Symbols may also reveal a Jackpot symbol. There's no initial Jackpot if the Jackpots enhancement was picked. Each landed Jackpot symbol upgrades the Jackpot level by one, starting from level 0. Jackpot values and levels are presented in the table below. Jackpot Prizes Level 7 (GRAND) 1000x base bet Level 6 200x base bet Level 5 50x base bet Level 4 20x base bet Level 3 10x base bet Level 2 5x base bet Level 1 2x base bet Level 0 None Jackpots can only be awarded during the Bonus Game Feature if Jackpots enhancement was picked in the Cocktail Pick Portal. All Jackpots are non-progressive. Jackpot values are shown in currency. Bonus Game Feature ends once no Bonus Spins remain. Values of all line wins and any Jackpot, if awarded, are summed to form the total win at the end of the Bonus Game Feature. Only one Jackpot level, if achieved, is awarded at the end of Bonus Game Feature. Extra Bonus Chance Extra Bonus Chance mode uses an alternate set of reels with higher chance of triggering of the Bonus Game Feature. Extra Bonus Chance increases the bet cost by 200%. The cost is added to the base bet. All symbols and Bonus Game Feature payouts remain the same for the base bet without the Extra Bonus Chance enabled. All other game rules remain the same as for the base game mode. Extra Bonus Chance can be enabled and disabled only when there’s no game round currently in progress. Extra Feature Chance cannot be combined with the Buy Bonus Feature. Buy Feature Player can trigger a single spin on an alternate set of reels which guarantees to trigger the Bonus Game Feature with 5, 6, 7, 8, 9 or 10 Bonus symbols. Buy Bonus Feature can be started by clicking the Buy Bonus button and confirming the choice. The cost of buying a Bonus Game Feature is 80 times bet. The cost is deducted from the available balance. The Triggered Bonus Game Feature is played for the base bet that the Buy Bonus is initiated for. Buy Bonus is available only if there’s no game round currently in progress. All Bonus Game Feature gameplay rules remain unchanged for Buy Bonus. Autoplay Settings Number of spins: the number of auto spins to perform. Autoplay can be stopped at any moment. Stop on any feature: If enabled, the autoplay will be stopped upon hitting bonus feature, depending on the game played. Loss limit: The autoplay will be stopped if the total loss during autoplay exceeds the selected value. Loss is calculated as the difference between bets placed and the total win collected during the autoplay session. Stop on single win above: The autoplay will stop if a single game win exceeds the selected value during the autoplay. Last modification date: 5/29/2025