Anaconda Eye Rapids Game Features Anaconda Eye Rapids is a video slot game in 5x3 format. It has 20 paylines and 11 symbols. It features a bonus game and free spins feature. Main game You can select your stake in the following manner: by setting LINES, COIN SIZE and COINS parameters (in the desktop version) by clicking on the bet in the bottom left corner and using up and down arrows (in the mobile version) by opening hamburger menu in the bottom right corner, clicking on the coins icon and then setting LINES, COIN SIZE and COINS parameters (in the mobile version) Press SPIN button to start the game. The reels will spin and present the result. The result is then evaluated against the paytable. Your winnings for the game in progress are displayed in the info line in the bottom middle part of the user interface and on slot face. Paylines There are 20 paylines. The following rules apply: All winning combinations must appear from left to right and start on the 1st reel, unless explicitly stated otherwise. Only the highest win is paid for each active payline. Payline wins are multiplied by the active line points. Scatter wins are multiplied by total bet and added to the payline wins. Bonus feature wins and Free spins feature wins are added to Scatter and payline wins. Free spins play at the same bet amount as the last spin. All displayed prizes are prize totals with all applicable multipliers already taken into account. Payouts in the pay table are shown in credits. Balance, bet and win are shown in player's currency. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Based on the optimal player strategy, RTP of this game is 96.08%. Free spins The free spins feature starts when 3, 4 or 5 free spin symbols appear anywhere on the screen. You will be awarded initial 5 free spins with x2 multiplier. You will face 5 piranhas, 3 of them hiding additional free spins and 2 granting additional multipliers. The more free spin symbols you hit, the more piranhas you can pick: 3 free spin symbols > pick 2 piranhas 4 free spin symbols > pick 3 piranhas 5 free spin symbols > pick 4 piranhas Additional free spins can be won within the free spins feature infinitely. A number of free spins is added and the multiplier stays the same. Free spins will start automatically after you choose piranhas. In the end, you will be presented with the summary window, displaying your win from free spins. Free spins counter at the top is present during the free spins and display the current winnings from free spins and the number of free spins left. Bonus Game With 3 or more bonus symbols you will enter the bonus game with 5 mystery gates. Choose a gate to see the bonus game win. You can repick the prize 2 times to select a different gate. The prize you rejected will be lost. The bonus feature starts when 3, 4 or 5 bonus symbols appear consecutively on an active payline, forming a bonus combination. The bonus combination can start on any reel. Only the longest bonus combination triggers bonus feature. When the bonus combination of the same length appears on multiple active paylines, only one bonus feature will be played. Its wins will be multiplied by the number of active paylines with this bonus combination. Four bonus symbols multiply wins by 3 and five bonus symbols multiply wins by 5. In the end of the bonus game, you will be presented with a summary window displaying your win from bonus game. Unfinished Games Any games that are unfinished will be recreated once the player returns to game after the interruption. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 6/3/2020