7 UP Rules How to Play 7UP! offers 7 lines that you can scratch. There are 3 panels on each line with an associated prize next to the line. Match 3 identical symbols to win the prize! Set Your Stake and Lines Set your stake per line by clicking on the '+' or '-' buttons on either side of the 'per line' box. The total stake is shown in the bottom panel as 'Bet' . You can play from 1-7 lines. Select the number you wish to play by clicking on the '+' or '-' buttons on either side of the 'Lines' box. If you wish to play fast, slide the "Turbo" button in the bottom right of the screen to reveal all symbols at once. To Play Press the 'Play' button. Match 3 identical symbols in a row to win the prize. See below for the prizes. Separate wins will be added together. Your total win amount will be added to your game balance. Prizes Available Symbol Prize multipliers 10000 1000 200 100 50 20 10 5 4 2 1 1 The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 92.09%. This RTP represents the long-term expected payback of the game which has been calculated by an independent testing company. Interrupted Play We know that internet connections can sometimes be unreliable or something can interrupt the game. We try to make this as fair as possible to you. For example, if you run out of battery while playing or you've reached your personal daily time limit, we will automatically credit any win. Demo Play The Operator's Demo Mode games are a sample of the Play for Real version. They play with the exact same rules and random number generator. Demo Mode versions of games allow you to play for "fun money" that has no financial value. Gaming System Malfunction The Operator reserves the right to withhold winnings and void wagers if a Player manipulates the games in a fraudulent manner or the Gaming System itself malfunctions. The definition of such a malfunction extends to an error in the published odds or pay tables, or a game not working in accordance with its published rules. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/19/2020