Book Of Shadows Game ID BookOfShadows Game type Video slot game, 5x3 reel area (11 symbols) 96.01% Payout Boosted bet 4 Shadow Rows: 96.07% Boosted bet 5 Shadow Rows: 96.19% Bonus buy (3 Rows): 96.20% Bonus buy (4 Rows): 96.29% Bonus buy (5 Rows): 96.43% Lucky Locks: 96.10% Columns 5 Rows 3, up to 5 (player confgurable) Reel type Standard Lines 10, up to 20 win lines Bet levels 32 levels Max bet 100 EUR Min bet 0.10 EUR Default bet 1.00 EUR Channels supported Desktop & mobile 1.1 Game Features FREE SPINS Landing 3 or more Book of Shadows symbols will trigger the Free Spins. Free Spins awards 10 spins on the number of Shadow Rows when it was activated. If you change the Shadow Rows, the number of Free Spins changes. Free Spins randomly chooses one symbol to become a golden symbol. A golden symbol expands and pays according to the pay table in Free Spins anywhere on the reel. It is possible to reshufe the golden symbol once. Landing 3 or more Book of Shadows symbols during Free Spins will retrigger the feature. Book of Shadows symbol is also a Wild. SHADOW ROWS Shadow Rows adds additional rows and win lines to the game. Activate the Shadow rows by clicking the upper rows on the reel. Each added row will give an additional cost of a spin. Activate to play 3, 4 or 5 Shadow Rows. Each added row adds +5 additional win lines. LUCKY LOCKS Lock specifc reels and spin with an increased bet. Lock up to 4 reels. Scenarios with no chance of winning cannot be locked. The increased cost of the bet is visible next to the lock. GAMBLE 50/50 50/50 allows the player to bet their winnings in a double or nothing - win and double the winnings! Gamble 50/50 may be disabled in some jurisdictions. GAMBLE WHEEL OF BONUS Gamble the winnings in Wheel of Bonus to win the Free Spins feature, lose and get nothing. Gamble Wheel of Bonus may be disabled in some jurisdictions. 1.2 Game Rules Book of Shadows is a video slot with 4 features: Free Spins, Shadow Rows, Lucky Locks and Gamble. A 5-reel with 3 to 5 rows slot with 11 symbols. The theoretical return to the player for this game is 96.01%. The theoretical return to the player for 4 Shadow Rows is 96.07%. The theoretical return to the player for 5 Shadow Rows is 96.19%. The theoretical return to the player for Free Spins feature buy (3 Shadow Rows) is 96.20%. The theoretical return to the player for Free Spins feature buy (4 Shadow Rows) is 96.29%. The theoretical return to the player for Free Spins feature buy (5 Shadow Rows) is 96.43%. The theoretical return to the player for Lucky Locks is 96.10%. Optimal strategy for highest return to player using Lucky Locks is locking 2 Scatters. Optimal strategy for highest return to player in Free Spin is to keep playing the same number of rows as when it was activated in main game. Optimal strategy for highest return to player in Free Spins is to reshufe when it's not any of the 5 top paying symbols. 3 Shadow Rows: 10 win lines (see pay table for more info). 4 Shadow Rows: 15 win lines (see pay table for more info). 5 Shadow Rows: 20 win lines (see pay table for more info). Free Spins activated with 3 Shadow rows award 6-10 Free Spins. Free Spins activated with 4 Shadow rows award 8-12 Free Spins. Free Spins activated with 5 Shadow rows award 10-14 Free Spins. Changing bet will void Lucky Locks alterations Free spins will void Lucky Locks alterations. Feature buy will void Lucky Locks alterations. Feature buy will void Shadow Rows alterations. All Book of Shadows symbols also acts as Wild symbols. A Wild symbol substitutes for any symbol. A Wild symbol substitutes for the highest possible winning combination according to the paytable. A winning combination pays from left to right along a win line. Coinciding wins on multiple combinations are paid out. Winning combinations and pays are made according to the pay table. Diferent reel confgurations are used, depending on the game mode (main game or any of the bonus modes). Wheel of Bonus is available as long as the winnings don't exceed the price of the 60 times the bet (3, 4, 5 Shadow Rows; 0 Lucky Locks). Wheel of Bonus: The probability is based on the average payout of the feature. Wheel of Bonus is won when arrow lands in the colored area. Gamble your winnings - get it right and double the winnings, lose and get nothing. 50/50 gives you a 50% chance to guess the color of the card, choose right and double your winnings. Gamble is limited to 5 in a row. Gamble is limited to never allow a gamble win above the amount of € 500000. The gamble limit is set in Euro, and currency exchange may dife. You may gamble your bonus round winnings. Choose collect to stop the gamble at any time. Autoplay automatically collects the winnings. A malfunction voids all winnings. Malfunction in gaming hardware/software; all afected bets are refunded. All game states will be saved for 6 months. Autoplay automatically plays the game for selected number of rounds or when any of the advanced autoplay setting criterias are fulfilled. When changing autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take efect upon completion of the game round or feature. Some autoplay features may be mandatory for some jurisdictions. When playing with Cryptocurrency, unfnished game rounds and states will automatically reset after 24 Any accumulated wins during this round will be paid out. The maximum win from a single game is £ 242,704. Last modification date: 9/2/2020