Amulet and the Charm Power Bet RTP: 95.0% Volatility: 8.74 Power Bet A: RTP – 965 Volatility: 8.42 Power Bet B: RTP – 965 Volatility: 8.80 Game Rules Malfunction voids all pays and play Select Bet Multiplier Click the Spin button to spin the reels Line wins must appear on played lines. Line win symbols must appear on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Only the highest win is paid on each line. Line wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier. Scatter symbols award in any position on the reels. Only the highest win is paid for each scatter symbol combination. Wild symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols except the Free Games Bonus symbol and Wild Scatter symbol. Wild Scatter symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols except the Free Games Bonus symbol. Each Wild Scatter symbol on the reels appears with a credit value or as a Wild symbol. Wild Scatter symbol can appear with the following credit values: Reel 1 – 25 to 100 credits Reel 2 – 25 to 100 credits Reel 3 – 25 to 2000 credits Reel 4 – 25 to 1000 credits Reel 5 – 25 to 10,000 credits Credit values have been pre-multiplied by the bet multiplier. For each game, all credit values on a reel are the same. At the end of each game, win the sum of the displayed credit values. Wild Scatter symbol only appears on all reels. Wild symbol does not contribute to Scatter Bucks pays. Wild symbol appears naturally on reels 2, 4, and 5. Wild symbol appears on all reels via Wild Scatter symbol substitution. Free Games bonus 3 Free Games Bonus symbols appearing anywhere on reels 2, 3, and 4 starts the Free Games Bonus. Awards 7 free games. Free Games Bonus symbol only appears on reels 2, 3, and 4. Free Games Bonus symbol is a scatter symbol. Different reels are used during the Free Games Bonus. Free Games Wild symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols except the Free Games Bonus symbol and Free Games Wild Scatter symbol. Free Games Wild Scatter symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols except the Free Games Bonus symbol. Each Free Games Wild Scatter symbol on the reels appears with a credit value or as a Free Games Wild symbol. Free Games Wild Scatter symbol can appear with the following credit values: Reel 1 – 25 to 100 credits Reel 2 – 25 to 100 credits Reel 3 – 25 to 2000 credits Reel 4 – 25 to 1000 credits Reel 5 – 25 to 10,000 credits Credit values have been pre-multiplied by the bet multiplier. For each game, all credit values on a reel are the same. At the end of each game, win the sum of the displayed credit values. Free Games Wild Scatter symbol with a credit value contributes to Scatter Bucks pays. Free Games Wild Scatter symbol appears on all reels. Free Games Wild Scatter symbol is a scatter symbol. Free Games Wild symbol does not contribute to Scatter Bucks pays. Free Games Wild symbol appears naturally on reels 1, 2, 4, and 5. Free Games Wild symbol appears on all reels via Free Games Wild Scatter symbol substitution. PowerBet Features At any time during the base game the player is allowed to make a Power Bet at a cost of 30X the currently selected bet. The player can make this bet by clicking [Power Bet Button] and then selecting either The Amulet or The Charm. After making a Power Bet, the next 30 bets have an increased chance to win. If The Amulet was selected then Green Scatter Symbols can appear on all reels during both the base game and the [Free Games Bonus Name]. Green Scatter Symbols functions the same as the original scatter symbols, except that it can appear with credit values from 50 to 200 credits on all reels. If The Charm was selected then Red Scatter Symbols can appear on all reels during both the base game and the [Free Games Bonus Name]. Red Scatter Symbols functions the same as the original scatter symbols, except that it can appear with credit values from 100 to 10000 credits on all reels. Placing a bet at a different bet multiplier will forfeit the Power Bet effect on any remaining bets out of the affected 30 bets. The total cost to make a Power Bet as well as play the 30 affected bets is equal to 60X the currently selected bet. A Power Bet cannot be made while a Power Bet is already in effect. At any time during the base game the player is allowed to make a Power Bet at a cost of 30X the currently selected bet. The player can make this bet by clicking the Power Bet Button. After making a Power Bet, the next 30 bets have an increased chance to win. Placing a bet at a different bet multiplier will forfeit this effect on any remaining bets out of the affected 30 bets. A Power Bet cannot be made while a Power Bet is already in effect. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 6/3/2020