Panda Blessings Panda Blessings™ Panda Blessings is a variant of the Tiger Lord math model for the Imperial 88 game family. The theme for the game is Chinese, featuring the main character of the game, Amanda the Panda, at the top. The game has 3 bonuses: 1. Free Spins Bonus: Features expanding wilds. 2. Hold and Win Bonus: Features hold and spin mechanics with prizes, instant win and multipliers. 3. Imperial Jackpot Feature: A match 3 pick bonus with wild symbols. Hold and Win Bonus: 6 or more PRIZE symbols in any position award the Hold and Win Bonus, with 5 initial free spins. The PRIZE symbols that initiated the Hold and Win Bonus are locked in position and all other positions become independent spinning reels. During the Bonus, any additional PRIZE symbols that land are locked in position and award an additional free spin. The bonus also features special symbols: Instant Win which awards all locked values at the end of the spin, and x2 and x8 that which multiply all values appearing on PRIZE by 2 or 8 respectively. All values appearing on PRIZE are awarded at the end of the Hold and Win Bonus. Imperial Jackpot Bonus: Any wild symbol landing anywhere on the reels may award the Imperial Jackpot Bonus The player touches the coins to reveal GRAND, MAJOR, MINOR, MINI, or WILD. Revealing 3 GRAND, 3 MAJOR, 3 MINOR and/or 3 MINI will award grand jackpot, majorjackpot, minor jackpot and/or mini jackpot respectively. The player continues selecting until at least one jackpot has been won. Free Spins Feature: 3 or more BN symbols award 8 free spins for the FreeSpins Bonus. Free Spins can be retriggered in the same way during the Bonus. During the Bonus, if a wild symbol appears on a reel, all other symbols on that reel are changed to wild symbols. The Hold and Win and Imperial Jackpot Bonuses can be won during Free Spins. GAME INFORMATION RTP: 94.11% Reel Configuration: 4×5 Pay Evaluation: 1024 Ways Denomination: 1-20 Bet Level: 88-880 Bet Multiplier: 1, 2, 3, 6, 10 Volatility: High Technology: HTML5 Channel: Mobile & Desktop Game Version: 1.6.0 Malfunction voids all pays and plays Last modification date: 10/25/2023