Tennis How to Play "Tennis" is an instant win game with 7 chances to win. There are 6 panels plus an extra "quick cash" game. 6 scratch panels per card - each offers a different win value Your win depends on your stake. Reveal your score for the tennis game and your opponents score. If your score is higher, you win. You do not win with a draw. For the quick cash game – if you find an ACE, you win the amount shown! You can choose to use the Reveal All button or reveal each symbol independently, or swipe multiple symbols Winnings will be credited to your account immediately If you lose the game, you’ll lose your stake Set Your Stake The stake value can be adjusted – just press the + or – signs on either side of the button to increase or decrease your stake. The stake value is shown on the central ' Play ' button and the associated prize will change at the top of the card. Start The Game To start the game, tap the ‘ Play ’ button located centrally. This will then change to a Reveal All button. You can choose to reveal each ball by pressing on it. Or press the Reveal All button to do it automatically. To Play The 6 game panels conceal 2 tennis scores and a prize. If your score is higher, you win. You do not win with a draw. The scores in tennis are: Love ❤/0, 15, 30, 40, Advantage ADV, 60/GAME There is also a quick cash game – if you find an ACE, you win the amount shown! In the event of a win (once the card is complete), the total win value will be awarded and shown in an animation and added to your account balance. If there is no win, you’ll see a “Better Luck Next Time” message and the central button will change to "Play" for you to buy another card. Tapping the Play button will reset the card for a new game. Game Rules Prizes available x10,000 x1,000 x500 x100 x50 x20 x10 x5 x2 x1 Quick Cash: x5 The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 92%. This RTP represents the long-term expected payback of the game which has been calculated by an independent testing company. Interrupted Play We know that internet connections can sometimes be unreliable or something can interrupt the game. We try to make this as fair as possible to you. For example, if you run out of battery while playing or you've reached your personal daily time limit, we will automatically credit any win. Demo Play The Operator's Demo Mode games are a sample of the Play for Real version. They play with the exact same rules and random number generator. Demo Mode versions of games allow you to play for "fun money" that has no financial value. Gaming System Malfunction The Operator reserves the right to withhold winnings and void wagers if a Player manipulates the games in a fraudulent manner or the Gaming System itself malfunctions. The definition of such a malfunction extends to an error in the published odds or pay tables, or a game not working in accordance with its published rules. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/19/2020