Fancy Fruits Respins of Amun-Re Fancy Fruits is THE all-time favourite fruit based game which simply stands out with a colourful set of fruits and a stunning top award! Go and use these egyptian Respins of Amun-Re to gain great jackpot winnings up to the Super Ra. Game Reels: 5 Paylines: 5 Side Game Respins of Amun-Re Bonus Symbols only occur in basegame. 5 or more bonus symbols trigger 3 Respins of Amun-Re. During respins, all visible Bonus Symbols are sticky. The Bonus Symbols that trigger respins stay in place. All other positions become individual reels. Individual reels only contain Bonus Symbols or empty spaces. During the Respins of Amun-Re, when one or more Bonus Symbols stop, the number of remaining respins is reset to 3. At the end of respins, the values of all visible Bonus Symbols are added up. Bonus Symbol wins are only rewarded at the end of Respins of Amun-Re. If there are Bonus Symbols on all available positions, respins end early and additionally, the Super-Ra Bonus is rewarded. Gamble Card gamble The card gamble can be entered by clicking the gamble button with the cards symbol. The win can be gambled by betting on the color of the next card. If the color of the drawn card matches the choice, the win is doubled. In case the colors don’t match, the risked win is lost. Ladder gamble The ladder gamble can be entered by clicking the gamble button with the ladder symbol. In case of win, you will land on the highlighted step above your current one, in case of loss on the highlighted lower one. Gambling is not possible for high wins or in autoplay mode. Rules All wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right for identical symbols on adjacent reels. All wins count on payed lines only. Wins on different lines are added. Only the highest win counts on each line. Return to Player (RTP) This game has a return to player 96.14%. This RTP represents the long term theoretical game payout. Wins and winning combinations are shown in the paytable. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Operation In general TOTAL BET increase/decrease bet LINES increase/decrease number of lines MAX BET maximum bet and number of lines SPIN total bet is deducted from balance, reels start to spin during a spin: reels stop immediately STOP reels stop immediately AUTO reels spin automatically AUTO OFF stops automatic reel spin CARD GAMBLE gamble win in card gamble LADDER GAMBLE gamble win in ladder gamble TAKE WIN take the win, win is booked to balance MENU setting options and information HOME back to the main screen Free games STOP stops countdown for automatic free games entry (if game has free games), free games have to be started manually Card gamble RED gambles on red BLACK gambles on black SPLIT collect half of the win, the second half can still be gambled Ladder gamble GAMBLE STEP gambles on the next step Menu +/- increase/decrease bet and if applicable number of lines PAYTABLE display of winning combinations INFO "i" rules SETTINGS more setting options SOUND turn sound on/off Settings TURBO SPIN reels spin faster AUTOMATIC FREE GAMES ENTRY free games start after countdown (if game has free games) LEFT HAND MODE user interface for left-handers (only mobile) Paylines The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 6/4/2020