Wonder Whirl Game Rules WONDER WHIRL™ is a 3-reel classic stepper online slot game featuring the WONDER WHIRL™ Bonus Feature, Free Spins and 3 non-progressive Jackpot awards. Base Game RTP is 96.6%. All RTPs represent the long term theoretical payback. Minimum bet: $0.27. Maximum bet: $27.00. The game is played on fixed 27 lines. Each winning combination is made up of only one symbol from each reel. All wins pay left to right on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Each symbol can be used only once per winning combination. Highest win only for each winning combination. Wins on different combinations are added. All wins are shown in currency. Displayed Grand, Major and Minor Jackpot values are proportional to the selected bet and displayed as such. Game outcome is random and cannot be influenced by the actions of the player, except for the decisions made during the Wonder Whirl feature. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Free Spins Feature Free Spins consist of 5, 8, 10 or 12 individual spins of 3-reel, 3-row reels using an alternative reel set. Free Spins can be initiated during the Wonder Whirl Feature only. Free Spins paytable is the same as for the base game. Free Spins are played on the same 27 lines as the base game. Grand Jackpot is not multiplied by the multiplier accepted during the initiating Wonder Whirl Feature. All the Free Spins Feature wins are summed up and awarded at the end of the feature. Free Spins Feature ends once all awarded spins are completed. Strategy information The game includes player choices in the Wonder Whirl feature. First 3 Wheel spins allow the player to accept the outcome or spin the wheel again. The optimal gameplay strategy is to follow the suggestions provided by the game after each Wheel spin. Based on the spin outcome, the game evaluates whether the offer provides an optimal chance for the highest feature win. The suggestion is based on average result of particular Wheel outcome and does not guarantee the best possible result. Every several seconds, prior to the Wheel spin, the game shows a suggestion while waiting for the player's decision: BEST PLAY SAYS: TRY AGAIN" - rejecting the offer is recommended. BEST PLAY SAYS: TAKE OFFER" - accepting the offer is recommended. The outcome of each Free Spin with multipliers is random, except for the Major Jackpot and Minor Jackpot, whose values are fixed and multiplied by the drawn multiplier. Autoplay Settings Number of spins: the number of auto spins to perform. Autoplay can be stopped at any moment. Stop on any feature: If enabled, the autoplay will be stopped upon hitting a Bonus feature, depending on the game played. Available autoplay settings depend on the jurisdiction. Last modification date: 12/5/2024