Dino Odyssey About the game Dino Odyssey is a 5 reel (3-4-4-4-3) 50 lines video slot featuring Free Spins and a Bonus Spins feature. All 50 lines are always played. Theoretical payout is 96.65% to 96.97% The number of paylines used in the game is fixed at 50. Game Features Free Spins When 3 BONUS symbols appear in any position, the game awards 3X bet and initiates 8 Free Spins. During the Free Spins feature the player collects AMBER symbols for the game to award locked stacked wilds making reels 2, 3 and 4 wild. When the player collects an EGG symbol the game awards extra Free Spins. The Free Spins are played at the same bet as the initiating game. Green Crystal Accumulation When the player collects enough GREEN CRYSTAL symbols the game awards BONUS SPINS. BONUS SPINS can be played at bronze, silver, gold or platinum level when enough symbols are accumulated: bronze level: 30 symbols; silver level: 50 symbols; gold level: 80 symbols; platinum level: 120 symbols. At the bronze, silver or gold levels thresholds listed, the player can choose to play the bonus at the respective level or continue playing to the next level. The BONUS SPINS are automatically initiated when a player reaches the threshold for the platinum level. Bonus Spins The game awards 3 spins to collect as many BONUS GREEN CRYSTAL symbols as possible. The game awards a prize based on the number of BONUS GREEN CRYSTAL symbols accumulated by the player during the BONUS SPINS feature, as shown on the prize table during the BONUS SPINS. The prizes on the prize table are proportional to the average bet. Payline wins pay in succession from leftmost to right. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. The separate payline wins will be displayed on the payline wins during the win presentation. How to play Video slots are very easy to play. Just follow the 3 steps: Choose your total bet Press the SPIN symbol button Check for any win in the WIN field Description of game functionality Bet The Total bet is shown in the BET display. On desktop, change the bet by clicking on the display and choosing the total bet of your choice, or using the BET UP or BET DOWN indicators to increase or descrease your bet, respectively. On mobile, change the bet by touching the BET icon on the display and choosing the total bet of your choice. Spin The game is started by pressing the SPIN symbol button. You can Quick Stop the game by clicking (for desktop displays) or touching (for touch-enabled displays) anywhere on the play screen. Pressing the SPACE key on a keyboard has the same function as pressing the SPIN button. Win Any total win in a game round will be displayed in the WIN field. Symbol pays are displayed in the paytable, and reflects the current bet configuration. Paytable All winning combinations in the game can be viewed in the PAYTABLE which can be reached through the "i" button in the keypad. Autoplay Using Autoplay will let you play a number of game rounds automatically. Press AUTOPLAY and choose a number of game rounds to initiate Autoplay. The remaining number of spins is displayed in the keypad. Autoplay is stopped by pressing the STOP button. The autoplay settings allow the player to set number of plays, total session lost limit, and single win limit. Autoplay will stop when any of the selected limits are exceeded. SETTINGS Access the CLIENT SETTINGS by clicking (on desktop) or touching (on touch-enabled displays) the SETTINGS ICON. If the HOME symbol button is displayed, then pressing it redirects back to the game lobby. On the game display access CLIENT SETTINGS by tapping the SETTINGS ICON. In SETTINGS, SOUND selection allows you to choose if the game should play sounds and music. In SETTINGS, MUSIC selection allows you to choose if the game will play background music. In SETTINGS, REPLAY will take you to game play history. In SETTINGS, "i" icon accesses game PAYTABLE. The "?" Symbol opens GAME RULES. RTP:96.70% Malfunction in the game voids all pays. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 6/4/2020