Telly Reels The game has 5 reels, 4 rows and 20 paylines. All wins are paid for combinations of 3, 4 or 5 symbols from left to right. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. Wild substitutes for other symbols except Scatter and special symbols. WILD symbol has its own value. Drawing 3, 4 or 5 Scatter Symbols triggers 10 Free Spins. Scatter has its own value. RTP: 96.19% SPECIAL FEATURES Telly Bonus Spins • When a star symbol is drawn on a reel, it will activate the corresponding field in the bonus matrix table. • When the bonus matrix table is full, the feature is activated. • During Telly Bonus Spins, 5 Wilds are blocked on the reels for 10 consecutive spins. • The position of Wilds corresponds to the position of sliders below the bonus matrix table. • The winnings from Telly Bonus Spins accumulate until the end of the feature. Mini Telly Bonus • When all of the sliders are in one position, Mini Telly Bonus is activated. • Sliders are moved by the special symbols. • Mini Telly Bonus awards the player a random prize – from x2 to x10 stake. FREE SPINS • A draw of at least 3 Scatter Symbols triggers 10 Free Spins. • The winnings from Free Spins accumulate until the end of the feature. • Free Spins are played at the same bet level and Volatility as the spin that activated them. • Drawing the +3FS symbol increases the number of Free Spins by 3. • At the beginning of Free Spins, the additional prize is drawn on the Wheel of Fortune. • Following prizes are available: • WIN x2 – multiplies all wins from Free Spins by x2; • WIN x3 – multiplies all wins from Free Spins by x3; • WIN x5 – multiplies all wins from Free Spins by x5; • 3 RANDOM WILDS – 3 Wilds appear in random positions with every spin; • 4 RANDOM WILDS – 4 Wilds appear in random positions with every spin; • 5 RANDOM WILDS – 5 Wilds appear in random positions with every spin; • +5FS – increases the number of Free Spins by 5; • +10FS – increases the number of Free Spins by 10; • INFINITE MULTIPLIER – the Multiplier increases by 1 after each win. • Drawing BANKRUPT results in getting no additional prize. SPECIAL SYMBOLS SCATTER SYMBOL Drawing 3, 4 or 5 Scatter Symbols triggers 10 Free Spins. SCATTER symbol has its own value. WILD SYMBOL Wild substitutes for other symbols except Scatter and special symbols. WILD symbol has its own value. ARROW SYMBOLS Arrow are moving sliders on Mini Telly Bonus. STAR SYMBOL This symbol activates the field in the bonus matrix table corresponding to its position on the reels. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. MAIN GAME Play Button Click to start playing at the current bet level. Autoplay Settings (if applicable) Click to access the Autoplay settings menu: Number of games: Select the amount of spins. At any win: Stops Autoplay at any win. On Jackpot win: Stops the autospins if Jackpot is won. At Bonus Games enter: Stops Autoplay at bonus games enter. At Free Spins enter: Stops Autoplay at free spins enter. If single win exceeds: Stops Autoplay if a single win exceeds the set amount. If cash increases by: Stops Autoplay if the balance increases by the set amount. If cash decreases by: Stops Autoplay if the balance decreases by the set amount. You can change the bet value by: Clicking one of the buttons with the bet value on them. Clicking the last button sets the bet to max value. Clicking the plus and minus buttons increases and decreases the bet by one level. Active counters: Balance - Current account balance. Win - Current win. Total Bet - Current bet in cash. Gamble Risk your win for a chance to double it. To Credit Claim your win without next spin. Fast Play Click to switch between normal, fast or ultra fast(if applicable) play modes. Shop Click to buy one of the bonuses available in the game. Game Settings Click to access the game settings and game information: Full screen mode: Click to switch Full screen mode on or off. Use space key: Use space key as a spin button. Big Screen Mode: Click to enlarge the size of the reels on the screen. Energy Saving Mode: Use Energy Saving Mode to conserve battery. Big Win Presentation: Click to switch Big Win animations on or off. Game History: Click to view your latest game history. Advanced / unique gambling: Click to select the standard risk mechanism. Standard / card gambling: Click to select a quick risk mechanism. Sound Settings Click to access the sound settings: Mute: Click to mute all sound effects and music. Sound volume: Click to switch sounds on or off. Music volume: Click to switch music on or off. Game Rules Click to view game rules. Paytable Click to view winning combinations and payouts. Game History Click to view your latest game history. The game history is available only when playing for money. Close full screen Click to close full screen. Volatility Settings Choose your favourite game Low volatility: The payouts you receive in this mode are more frequent but in most cases smaller. This level is perfect for players who prefer shorter game sessions. Standard volatility: This mode is a mixture between Low and High and is dedicated to players who are looking to feel the thrill of big wins in a fair frequency. High volatility: In this mode you can hit BIG WINs but they are not as frequent as winning in Low mode. High is an excellent mode for players who are not afraid of taking a risk to win big. Big Screen Mode Play Button Click to start playing at the current bet level. Gamble Button Risk your win for a chance to double it. To Credit Claim your win without next spin. Autoplay Settings (if applicable) Click to access the Autoplay settings menu. Volatility Level Choose your favourite game . Max Bet Set the bet to max value. Increase Bet Value Click to increase bet value. Decrease Bet Value Click to decrease bet value. Close Big Screen Mode Click to reduce the size of the reels on the screen or close the Big Screen Mode. Fast Play Click to switch between normal, fast or ultra fast(if applicable) play modes. GAMBLE FEATURE • The Gamble feature gives a chance to double each win. • After activating the gamble feature, a player can: • take the win and end the gamble feature, • continue playing the gamble feature by selecting one of the two symbols. • After selecting a symbol, a draw is made to determine the winning symbol. • The player can end the gamble feature after each round. • In the event of a loss, the player loses the win value specified in the Current win counter and returns to the main game. • The gamble feature has seven rounds. • Current win – amount of win that can be taken. • Double to – win amount after a correct guess. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Games that do not feature interrupted rounds are either rolled back with bet being refunded or is completed by awarding a win. Games that feature interrupted rounds and are not complete will last for 90 days. The maximum win from a single game is £140.000 Last modification date: 9/8/2020