Kanga Cash Game Features Spin and Hold Feature During paid games, any 6 or more 'Sunset' triggers the Spin and Hold Feature. 3 free respins are awarded. The 'Sunset' that triggered the Spin and Hold Feature are held in position. If 1 or more additional 'Sunset' appears, those 'Sunset's are held and the number of respins remaining is reset to 3. The Spin and Hold Feature is completed when either no respin remains or the Grand Bonus is won. At the end of the Spin and Hold Feature, a prize will be awarded depending on the number of 'Sunset's that have been collected. 6 to 7 'Sunset's awards 5x the total bet as displayed. 8 to 9 'Sunset's awards 8x the total bet as displayed. 10 to 11 'Sunset's awards 12x the total bet as displayed. 12 to 13 'Sunset's awards 25x the total bet as displayed. 14 'Sunset's awards 45x the total bet as displayed. 15 'Sunset's awards the Grand Bonus. Awards 'Kangaroo' substitutes for all symbols except scatters. 'Kangaroo' appears on reels 3, 4 and 5 only. 'Sunset' appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 only during paid games. 'Sunset', 'Major' and 'Minor' are scatters. 'Minor' and 'Major' appear with 'Sunset' only. 'Minor' and 'Major' appear during the Kanga Cash Feature only. Free Spins Kanga Cash Feature A set of 5 free games is awarded for each winning line with 'Kangaroo' substituting in the win. Each set of 5 free games has a repeat win prize associated with it which is equal to the line win amount that awarded the set of free games. The free games remaining meter displays the number of games for the current set of 5 free games. The sets of free games are displayed in order by their associated repeat win prize with the current set highlighted. Each 'Sunset' that appears during the 5 free games of each set awards the associated repeat win prize. During the Kanga Cash Feature, the Kanga Cash Feature paytable is applied. Bet and lines played are the same as the game that triggered this Feature. The Kanga Cash Feature can be triggered again during the Kanga Cash Feature. Bonus Prizes 'Minor' and 'Major' appear with 'Sunset' only. 'Minor' and 'Major' appear during the Kanga Cash Feature only. Minor Bonus is won whenever 'Minor' appears. Major Bonus is won whenever 'Major' appears. Win Lines Scatters pay in any position. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels, except scatters, repeat win prizes and Spin and Hold Feature prize. Highest win only on each line except scatters, repeat win prizes and Bonuses. All wins are added. The game has a return to player of 95.33%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 6/5/2020