Hot Nudge Game type Video slot game 5x4 (9 symbols) Payout 96.29% Columns 5 Rows 4 Reel type Standard Lines 40 fxed Bet levels 32 levels. Max bet 100 EUR Min bet 0.2 EUR Default bet 1 EUR Channels supported Desktop & mobile 1.1 Game Features HOT WILDS 4-row high Wild symbol exists on reel 2, 3 and 4 and will always nudge to fully visible if there will be a win. For every step the Wild nudges the win multiplier increases by 1. Wild symbols substitutes for any other symbol except for scatter. HOT SYMBOL NUDGE In main game whenever two of the same King of Diesel, Queen of Steam or Jack of Punk symbol lands fully visual on the frst two reels it will trigger the Hot Symbol Nudge feature. The triggering symbol will nudge to fully visual on the remaining reels. FREESPINS WITH HOT SCATTER Landing 3 Scatters award 7 freespins. In freespin every Scatter will reward additional freespin, the number of additional freespins rewarded is determined by the position of the Scatter. Game Rules Hot Nudge is a video slot featuring Hot Wilds, Hot Scatter, Hot Symbol Nudge and A 5-reel, 4-row video slot with 9 40 bet lines (see pay table for more info). Bet per line is total bet divided by A Wild symbol substitutes for any other A Wild symbol substitutes for the highest possible winning combination on a bet line according to the pay Coinciding wins on multiple betlines are paid A winning combination pays from left to Winning combinations and pays are made according to the pay The highest win per activated bet line is paid, being multiplied by bet per The maximum winning from any spin in this game is set to: €250 000 Diferent reel confgurations are used, depending on the game mode (main game or any of the bonus modes). In main game: Landing 3 Scatters will award 7 In main game: Landing the same symbol of King of Diesel, Queen of Steam or Jack of Punk fully visible on frst 2 reels trigger the Hot Symbol Scatters only appears on reel 2, 3 and 4 in both main game and Hot Wild: 4-row high Wild symbol exists on reel 2, 3 and 4 and will always nudge to fully visible if there will be a Hot Wild: For every step the Wild nudges the win multiplier increases by Hot Wild: The highest obtainable win multiplier is Hot Symbol Nudge: The symbol triggering the feature will be the active Hot Symbol Nudge: When the active symbol lands partly on the remaning 3 reels it will nudge to fully visible when generating a Freespin: In freespin any additonal Scatter will reward additional Freespin: The number of additional freespins awarded is determined by how many steps the Scatter nudges to move out of the bottom of the reel area, the same number of additional spins will be The theoretical return to the player for this game is 96.29%. A malfunction voids all Malfunction in gaming hardware/software; all afected bets are refunded. All game states will be saved for 6 Autoplay automatically plays the game for selected number of rounds or when any of the advanced autoplay setting criterias are When changing autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take efect upon completion of the game round or Some autoplay features may be mandatory for some The maximum win from a single game is £250,000.