Sceptre of Cleo Game Features Sceptre of Cleo is a video slot game in 5x3 format. It has 9 paylines and 11 symbols. It features free spins feature with a mystery scatter. Main game You can select your stake in the following manner: - by setting LINES, COIN SIZE and COINS parameters (in the desktop version) - by clicking on the bet in the bottom left corner and using up and down arrows (in the mobile version) - by opening hamburger menu in the bottom right corner, clicking on the coins icon and then setting LINES, COIN SIZE and COINS parameters (in the mobile version) Press SPIN button to start the game. The reels will spin and present the result. The result is then evaluated against the paytable. Your winnings for the game in progress are displayed in the info line in the bottom middle part of the user interface and on slot face. Paylines There are 9 paylines. The following rules apply: • All winning combinations must appear from left to right and start on the 1st reel, unless explicitly stated otherwise. • Only the highest win is paid for each active payline. • Payline wins are multiplied by the active line points. • Scatter wins are multiplied by total bet and added to the payline wins. • Free spins feature wins are added to Scatter and payline wins. • Free spins play at the same bet amount as the last spin. • All displayed prizes are prize totals with all applicable multipliers already taken into account. • Payouts in the pay table are shown in credits. • Balance, bet and win are shown in player's currency. • Malfunction voids all pays and plays. • RTP of this game is 96.01%. Free spins Hitting 3 to 5 Sceptre wild symbols anywhere on the screen starts 12 Free Spins with x2 multiplayer. Additional 12 Free Spins can be won within free spins infinitely. Multiplier and Mystery Scatter symbol stay the same. For the duration of Free Spins one of the regular symbols, which is not Sceptre Wild symbol, is converted to the Mystery Scatter symbol and pays for Scatter combinations. The symbol uses original paytable values, but pays multiplier of total bet. Scatter pays multiplier of total bet according to the game paytable. Unfinished Games Any games that are unfinished will be recreated once the player returns to game after the interruption. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 6/8/2020