Wild Princess Game Rules Wild Princess is a 5 reel, 20 line slot game, with a Native American theme. The game features a Freespins bonus feature and two further base game bonuses. How to play To play the game: 1. Choose your total bet. 2. Spin the reels. For a detailed description of the payouts, see section Payouts. For bonuses, see the Bonuses section. For autoplay, see section Autoplay. RTP (Return to Player) The overall game theoretical RTP is 95.0% Payouts Standard (non Bonus symbols) winnings only occur on bet lines. Winning lines are paid from left to right. The winning lines are displayed in the paytable information. 3 or more consecutive instances of the same symbol from the 1st reel on a winning line awards a winning amount. Winnings are determined by the corresponding symbol on the paytable. Only the highest possible win on a winning line is paid. The symbol depicting a woman is WILD and substitutes for all symbols except the bonus symbols. 3 or more bonus symbols will trigger a Bonus (see Bonuses section) The sum of winning amounts from all valid pay lines is immediately credited to your wallet at the end of a game round, which is after a paying spin or after no more bonuses remain. Bonuses The appearance of 3, 4 or 5 Bonus symbols will trigger a Freespins Bonus feature. The more trigger symbols, the higher the initial win awarded on entry to the feature. In the Freespins Bonus feature the player is awarded an initial win plus 8 freespins. For each spin there is a chance of a Special Symbol landing in view on the centre reel. The first time this happens, the reels expand to a 5 x 9 matrix, and the number of winlines increases to 45. This is the configuration in which the rest of the Freespins Bonus feature is played. When this happens, the player is also awarded 3 extra freespins which are added to the “freespins remaining” meter. Any subsequent occurrences of the Special Symbol will also add 3 extra freespins to the meter. The Freespins Bonus feature continues until all of the awarded freespins have been played. There are also 2 base game bonuses. These are triggered at random. The bonuses are: Super Reels Feature: Whilst the reels are spinning the reels expand to a 5 x 9 matrix and the number of winlines increases to 45. This reel configuration is used for the current spin and then the reels revert back to their previous 5 x 4 matrix. Lock And Win feature: A full stack of symbols on reels 1, 2 or 3 will sometimes trigger this feature. The stack locks in place and the remaining reels re-spin. When they land they will produce a guaranteed win which is then paid. Autoplay Autoplay plays a number of spins automatically. Open autoplay option by holding down AUTOPLAY button. In the autoplay options, set the number of spins, then start autoplay. Autoplay stops when no spins remain or there is insufficient balance. The player can stop autoplay and return to normal play by pressing STOP AUTOPLAY. Depending on your jurisdiction and operator, you may have to set limits before you start autoplay, which when exceeded stops autoplay. There could be limits for the amount lost overall (loss limit) and the amount won during a single game round (single win limit). If you are playing in a jurisdiction that requires this, autoplay will not work until you complete these settings. Connectivity and malfunction Players cannot be unfairly advantaged or disadvantaged by disconnections or network interruptions. In rare and exceptional circumstances where a game state cannot be restored, such a malfunction voids all pays and play. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 6/9/2020