The Price Is Right - Big Wheel Bonus Game Rules The Price is Right™ Big Wheel Bonus is a 3-reel, 3-row classic stepper online slot game featuring Multiplier Wilds and the Big Wheel Bonus Feature. Base game RTP is 94.58%. All RTPs represent the long term theoretical payback. Minimum bet: $0.75. Maximum bet: $30.00. Base game is always played on 9 fixed lines. Each winning combination is made up of only one symbol from each reel. All wins pay left to right on adjacent reels beginning with the leftmost reel, except for combinations of 1 and 2 Wild symbols and combinations of symbols which pay at any positions. Each symbol can be used only once per winning combination. Wins on different combinations are added. Only the highest line pay is awarded. Paytable values are presented for the currently selected bet. All wins shown in currency. Game outcome is random and cannot be influenced by the actions of the player. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Wild Symbols Wild Symbols substitute for all other symbols except for the Bonus symbol and other Wilds. 4 types of Wild symbols may land on the reels in the base game: Wildx2 multiplies wins for combinations that it's part of by 2. Appears on all reels. Wildx3 multiplies wins for combinations that it's part of by 3. Appears on the middle reel only. Wildx4 multiplies wins for combinations that it's part of by 4. Appears on the middle reel only. Wildx5 multiplies wins for combinations that it's part of by 5. Appears on the middle reel only. Multiple Wild symbols may land in a single spin. Total win multiplier is the product of all Wild multipliers on an applicable line. Combinations of 1, 2 and 3 Wild symbols have their own separate pays as listed in the paytable. Big Wheel Bonus Feature The Big Wheel Bonus Feature is initiated by landing a scattered symbol on both the leftmost and the rightmost reels. The player is instantly awarded one of the available Bonus Prizes, determined randomly. 15 Bonus Prizes are available, including the Grand Bonus. Bonus Prizes are not progressive. Prize Level Prize value 1 3 x bet 2 5 x bet 3 6.66 x bet 4 8 x bet 5 10 x bet 6 13.33 x bet 7 16.66 x bet 8 20 x bet 9 23.33 x bet 10 26.66 x bet 11 40 x bet 12 50 x bet 13 56.66 x bet 14 100 x bet 15 (Grand Bonus) 533.33 x bet Bonus Prizes are available exclusively in the Big Wheel Bonus feature. Game Operation Spin Button: click to initiate a game round at the currently selected bet. Clicking the button during spins, feature summaries and feature animations fast-forwards them. Spacebar can be used in the desktop version of the game to perform spins. Bet Button: click to select the base bet. Press '+' to increase the base bet. Press '-' to decrease the base bet. Autoplay Button: Click to open the autoplay menu. Pays Button: click to open the Pays section. Settings Button: click to access game settings and the detailed game rules. Some of the features might not be available based on limitations in current jurisdiction. Autoplay Settings Number of spins: the number of auto spins to perform. Autoplay can be stopped at any moment. Stop on any feature: If enabled, the autoplay will be stopped upon hitting a Bonus feature, depending on the game played. Loss limit: The autoplay will be stopped if the total loss during autoplay exceeds the selected value. Loss is calculated as the difference between bets placed and the total win collected during the autoplay session. Stop on single win above: The autoplay will stop if a single game win exceeds the selected value during the autoplay. Available autoplay settings depend on the jurisdiction. Last modification date: 9/3/2025