Flames of Fortune Game Rules Flames of Fortune is a 3-reel, classic stepper online slot game featuring Wild multipliers and the Hold and Respin Feature. Base Game RTP is 96.02%. Game RTP with Extra Bonus Chance enabled is 96.14%. RTP for Buy Bonus is 96.08% The game is played on fixed 9 lines except for the Hold and Respin feature. Each reel set in Hold and Respin feature has 9 individual, single position reels in play. Each winning combination is made up of only one symbol from each reel. All wins pay left to right on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel, except for the Hold and Respin feature. Winning symbols pay at any positions in the Hold and Respin feature. Each symbol can be used only once per winning combination. Highest win only for each winning combination. Wins on different combinations are added. Hold and Respin Feature wins are counted separately to Lines wins. All wins shown in currency. values and Jackpots are proportional to the selected bet and displayed as such. Animations on the phoenix are visual only and do not represent increased chances of winning. The game outcome is random and cannot be influenced by the actions of the player. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Wild Symbols Wild Symbol substitutes for all symbols except Bonus, and other Wilds. Symbol multiplies the payout of winning combinations that it's a part of by 3. Multiple Wild symbols may land in a single spin. Total win multiplier is the product of all Wild multipliers. For example, for a spin with ‘x3’ Wild and ‘x3’ Wild, applicable wins are multiplied by 9. Multiple Wild symbols may land in a single spin. Total win multiplier is a product of all Wild multipliers. Wild symbol appear on all reels. Wild symbol appear in the base game only. Hold and Respin Feature Hold and Respin Bonus Feature is triggered by landing Bonus symbols on the leftmost and middle reels and a , or symbol on the rightmost reel Bonus symbol landing on the rightmost reel determines the reel sets in play in the Hold and Respin Feature: - Minor Reels with a chance for Minor Jackpot. Minor Reels and Major Reels with a chance for Minor Jackpot and Major Jackpot. - Minor Reels, Major Reels and Mega Reels with a chance for Minor Jackpot, Major Jackpot and Mega Jackpot. Each reel set corresponds to the Jackpot of the same name: Minor Jackpot, Major Jackpot and Mega Jackpot Every reel set utilizes a separate set of reel strips. The feature starts with 3 bonus spins. For Each Bonus Spin, the reels spin using the bonus reel set. Landing a , , , or symbol resets the bonus spins counter to 3. Following types of symbols may land during the feature: : adds the displayed credit prize to the total feature win. Locked on the reel. values are displayed in credits. 1 credit equals 1 cent of the currency in play. : multiplies the values of all locked symbols by 3. Not locked on the reels. : awards a Minor Jackpot. Locked on the reel. : awards a Major Jackpot. Locked on the reel. : awards a Mega Jackpot. Locked on the reel. : no awards, empty symbol, not locked on the reel. values are: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 10, 25 and 50 times base bet. The feature ends once the player runs out of spins, or all reels in play have symbols locked. All the wins collected during the Hold and Respin Feature are summed and presented as the total win at the end of the feature. Jackpot Prizes 3 Jackpot levels are available in Flames of Fortune: Minor Jackpot, Major Jackpot and Mega Jackpot. All Jackpots are non-progressive. Minor Jackpot value is 10x base bet. Major Jackpot value is 20x base bet. Mega Jackpot value is 100x base bet. There are 2 ways to win a Jackpot: - landing a corresponding Jackpot symbol in the Hold and Respin Feature - locking a combination of 9 or Jackpot symbols on a reel set in the Hold and Respin feature. landed or 9 symbols locked on Minor Reels - Minor Jackpot awarded. landed or 9 symbols locked on Major Reels - Major Jackpot awarded. landed or 9 symbols locked on Mega Reels - Mega Jackpot awarded. appears on Minor Reels only. appears on Major Reels only. appears on Mega Reels only. The Jackpots can be won in the Hold and Respin Feature only. Game Operation Spin Button: click to initiate a game round at the currently selected bet. Clicking the button during spins, feature summaries and multiplier animations fast-forwards them. Spacebar can be used in the desktop version of the game to perform spins. Bet Button: click to select the base bet. Press ‘+’ to increase the base bet. Press ‘-’ to decrease the base bet. Autoplay Button: Click to open the autoplay menu. Pays Button: click to open the Pays section. Settings Button: click to access game settings and the detailed Game Rules. Extra Bonus Chance button: click to enable the Extra Bonus Chance mode. Extra Bonus Chance mode increases the chances of getting the Hold and Respin Feature with 2 or 3 reel sets for an additional fee. Buy bonus button: Allows triggering of the Hold and Respin Feature instantly for an additional fee. Some of the features might not be available based on limitations in current jurisdiction. Unless automatically resolved, unfinished game rounds can be returned to and finished by the player. The manner and time of automatic resolution of game rounds depends on the Casino Operator. The time after which inactive game sessions are ended depends on the Casino Operator. Please refer to the Casino Operator terms and conditions for detailed information. Extra Bonus Chance Extra Bonus Chance increases the chance of triggering the Hold and Respin Feature with 2 or 3 reel sets. The overall chance of getting the Hold and Respin Feature is unchanged, only the chance for 2 or 3 reel sets is increased compared to the chance of getting the feature with 1 reel set. Extra Bonus Chance mode uses an alternate set of reels. Extra Bonus Chance increases the bet cost by one-third of the base bet. The cost is added to the base bet. The feature can be enabled or disabled by clicking the Extra Bonus Chance button. All payouts, credit prize values and Jackpot values remain the same as for the base bet without the Extra Bonus Chance enabled. All other game rules remain the same as for the standard game mode. Extra Bonus Chance can be enabled or disabled only when there’s no game round in progress. Buy feature The Player can trigger a single spin on an alternate set of reels which guarantees triggering of the Hold And Respin Feature. The feature is started by clicking the Buy Bonus button and confirming the choice. The initiated spin guarantees landing of 3 Bonus Symbols, where the rightmost symbol determining the number of reel sets in play is picked randomly. Cost of Buy Bonus is 33.33 times base bet. The cost is deducted from the available balance. Triggered Hold And Respin Feature is played for the base bet that Buy Bonus was initiated for. Buy Bonus is available only if there’s no game round currently in progress. All Hold and Respin gameplay rules remain unchanged for Buy Bonus. Autoplay Settings Number of spins: the number of auto spins to perform. Autoplay can be stopped at any moment. Stop on any feature: If enabled, the autoplay will be stopped upon hitting a bonus feature, depending on the game played. Loss limit: The autoplay will be stopped if the total loss during autoplay exceeds the selected value. Loss is calculated as the difference between bets placed and the total win collected during the autoplay session. Stop on single win above: The autoplay will stop if a single game win exceeds the selected value during the autoplay. Last modification date: 11/25/2025