Golden Ram Golden Ram is a Greek themed game containing the Money Charge Jackpots feature as well as a Pick bonus. Pays are left-to-right and use the PowerXStream evaluation method. Linked jackpots are awarded through the Money Charge Jackpots feature. GAME FEATURES Money Charge Bonus The Money Charge Bonus can be entered in one of two ways: Landing 6 (or more) trigger symbols anywhere in the reel space during a base game spin. Triggering the Pick bonus (3 BN symbols anywhere in reel space) and when you pick, the Money Charge Bonus is selected. The Money Charge Bonus is a hold and spin bonus where any of the special trigger symbols that land in the visible reel space get locked for the remainder of the bonus. The player is given 3 initial free spins when the Money Charge Bonus is triggered. The trigger symbol has three functions during the bonus. Each time one lands, the following happens: The symbol is locked in place for the remainder of the spins The free spins remaining counter is restored to 3 At the end of the bonus, the player is awarded either credits, or progressives for each symbol, depending on what that symbol label shows. When the player’s free spins remaining reaches zero, the bonus is over, and an accumulation of all the player’s awards occurs before they get returned to the standard base game. Jackpots are awarded through the Money Charge Bonus and all are awarded by landing a symbol with the respective label on it. The Grand label does not appear until 14 symbols have already been locked. The Major, Minor and Mini jackpots may be won multiple times in a single bonus. Wild Symbol Substitutes for all symbols EXCEPT BN and SB (Money Charge Feature Symbol) Appears reels 2-5 only Pick Bonus The Pick Bonus is entered when the player lands 3 bonus symbols in any position during a base game spin. The player chooses one of two items and the item reveals one of two bonuses for the player: the Money Charge Bonus (starts with zero held symbols) or a Free Spins bonus (random number of spins with random number of wilds added to reels for free spins). Free Spins Bonus Free Spins Bonus is awarded through the Pick Bonus. The Free Spin Bonus is played on a different set of reels Free Spins awarded a random number of free spins (from a pre-defined selection) and a random number of wilds added to the reels (also from a predefined selection). Values are: Number of Free Spins: 6, 9, 12, OR 15. Number of Wilds added: 50, 100, 150, OR 200. Player can be awarded additional free spins during free spins. The retrigger conditions are the same as when the bonus originally triggered (same number of extra free spins awarded, same number of extra wilds on the reels). Power Xstream All PowerXStream wins pay left to right, on adjacent reels starting with the left-most reel The award is multiplied by the number of symbols that occur per reel in the winning combination All PowerXStream combinations are multiplied by the bet multiplier Only the highest award is paid per PowerXStream combination Press the Bet Level button to play a game at the selected bet level. Press Max Bet button to play the game at highest bet level. Press Play button to play game at the current selected bet level. All pays shown in credits Malfunction voids all plays and pays GAME INFORMATION RTP: 95.96% Volatility: 4 (Med-High) Min Denom: 1 Max Denom : 20 Default Denom: 1 Reels: 3x5 Evaluation: PowerXStream Technology: HTML5 Channel: Mobile & Desktop Last modification date: 12/21/2021