Monsters of Rock Megaways How to Play Intro Make your way to the front row for the biggest gig of the century with the Monsters of Rock! With blistering guitar licks and electrifying game play, this Megaways game will blast its way to the forefront of any stage. High voltage, amplifier exploding, lightning striking action packed features are what this game does best. Load up the tour bus and get ready for a thrilling rock and roll experience! How to Play Pressing the PLAY button will cause the reels to spin. Players can choose between stakes by pressing the + and – buttons. The current stake is displayed in between these buttons. The top row adds extra symbols above reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. Each spin can have up to 117649 Megaways™ to win. Every winning symbol forms part of a reaction and is replaced by symbols coming from above on the reels and from the right of the top row. Wild symbols substitute for all other symbols apart from scatters. Mystery symbols can randomly appear after a spin to reveal winning symbols. Get four or more scatters to win freespins. Any extra scatters award extra freespins. 3 or more Record symbols in view starts Pick Me. Features will cancel any autoplays. Paytable The Paytable can be found in the information screens by pressing the button labelled ‘i’. Adjusting the stake will dynamically alter the winning values shown in the Paytable. Megaways™ Each spin can have up to 117649 Megaways™ to win. Wins are paid left to right on adjacent symbols regardless of symbol size. Feature Freespins Get four scatters to win 10 freespins. Every extra scatter adds an extra 5 freespins. The unlimited win multiplier begins at one and increases after every win reaction. The freespins retrigger scatter symbol appears only in the top row. If 3 freespins retrigger scatters appear in the top row, the player is awarded 5 extra freespins. If 4 freespins retrigger scatters appear, an extra 10 freespins are awarded. Once the number of freespins remaining reaches 0, the feature will come to an end. Feature Pick Me 3 or more Record symbols in view starts the Pick Me feature. Pick an album to reveal a prize. If the pick me feature is won from within freespins, wins are multiplied by the freespins unlimited win multiplier. Feature High Voltage This feature is triggered randomly. When the High Voltage feature starts, all Royal symbols (10, J, Q, K, A) are removed. Rules The maximum possible win from this game is £250,000.00 The outcome of any game or feature is not necessarily that shown by the odds displayed. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The theoretical return to the player for this game is 96.03% Game Recovery In the event of a game interruption, (for example, the connection could be interrupted, or an accidental closure may occur) the game will resume from the last point of play. Any winnings prior to interruption will be credited to the players account. Last modification date: 6/8/2020