Triple Gem Treasure Triple Gem Treasure is a thrilling slot with Diamond prizes, Wild Coins, and multiple bonus features. Gem Bonuses trigger special rounds, Extra Spins add bonus opportunities, and the Symbol Upgrade Feature enhances payouts. The Grow Reels Feature expands the grid with multipliers, and stacking these thrilling features together creates an exciting and rewarding experience for all players. GAME FEATURES DIAMOND PRIZES Diamond Symbols appear on all reels. At the start of each spin, a credit prize is randomly selected for each Diamond Symbol. Reel 1 and 2 prizes are between 20 and 80. Reel 3 and 4 prizes are between 100 and 250. Reel 5 prizes are between 200 and 1500. Diamond prizes are awarded when one or more Diamonds appear on both reel 1 and reel 2. Each Diamond prize is awarded once only for each Diamond Symbol from left to right on adjacent reels starting from the leftmost reel. Diamond prizes are multiplied by bet multipliers as shown on screen. Diamond prizes are paid in addition to line wins. WILDS At the start of each bought game, all reels contain Gem Symbols that transform into either Purple, Red, or Green Gem Symbols. Purple Gem Symbols substitute for all symbols except Diamond, Red Gem, and Green Gem Symbols. Red Gem Symbols substitute for all symbols except Diamond, Purple Gem, and Green Gem Symbols. Green Gem Symbols substitute for all symbols except Diamond, Purple Gem, and Red Gem Symbols. Purple, Red, and Green Gem Symbols pay mixed. Gem Symbols substitute for all symbols except Diamond, Purple Gem, Red Gem, and Green Gem Symbols. BONUS TRIGGERS Whenever one or more Purple Gem Symbols appear on a bought game, there is a chance the Purple Gem Bonus may be triggered Whenever one or more Red Gem Symbols appear on a bought game, there is a chance the Red Gem Bonus may be triggered Whenever one or more Green Gem Symbols appear on a bought game, there is a chance the Green Gem Bonus may be triggered If only the Purple Gem Bonus is triggered in the spin, the Purple Gem Bonus is awarded. During the bonus all Gem Symbols are transformed into Purple Gem Symbols If only the Red Gem Bonus is triggered in the spin, the Red Gem Bonus is awarded. During the bonus all Gem Symbols are transformed into Red Gem Symbols If only the Green Gem Bonus is triggered in the spin, the Green Gem Bonus is awarded. During the bonus all Gem Symbols are transformed into Green Gem Symbols If only the Purple Gem and Red Gem Bonuses are triggered in the same spin, the Purple and Red Gem Double Bonus is awarded only. During the bonus all Gem Symbols are transformed into Purple or Red Gem Symbols If only the Purple Gem and Green Gem Bonuses are triggered in the same spin, the Purple and Green Gem Double Bonus is awarded only. During the bonus all Gem Symbols are transformed into Purple or Green Gem Symbols If only the Red Gem and Green Gem Bonuses are triggered in the same spin, the Red and Green Gem Double Bonus is awarded only. During the bonus all Gem Symbols are transformed into Red or Green Gem Symbols EXTRA SPIN FEATURE When the extra spins feature is activated, Bonus Gem Symbol is added to reel 1. At the start of each extra spin, each Bonus Gem Symbol is replaced by either a 1 Extra Spin or 2 Extra Spins Symbol. 1 Extra Spin and 2 Extra Spins Symbols substitute for Diamond prizes. 1 Extra Spin and 2 Extra Spins Symbols appearing awards 1 or 2 extra spins respectively. SYMBOL UPGRADE FEATURE When the symbol upgrade feature is activated, a level 1 collection meter is added to the screen and a Bonus Gem Symbol is added to reel 5. During extra spins, each wild Purple, Red, Green, or Gem appearing will be collected to the collection meter. Level 1: When 3 wilds are collected, all H5 Symbols are turned to Diamond Symbols for the remaining spins and level 2 collection begins. Level 2: When 4 wilds are collected, all H4 Symbols are turned into Diamond Symbols for the remaining Spins and Level 3 collection begins. Level 3: When 5 wilds are collected, all H3 Symbols are turned in to Diamond Symbols for the remaining spins and level 4 collection begins. Level 4: When 6 wilds are collected all H2 Symbols are turned into Diamond Symbols for the remaining spins and level 5 collection begins Level 5: When 7 wilds are collected, all H1 Symbols are turned into Diamond Symbols for the remaining spins. Bonus Gem Symbols are substitutes for Diamond Symbols. At the start of each spin, a jackpot prize of Grand or Major, or bonus prize of Minor or Mini is randomly selected for each Bonus Gem Symbol. Bonus prizes are multiplied by the best multiplier as shown on screen. Bonus Gem Symbols substituting a Diamond win awards the jackpot or bonus prize shown. GROW REELS FEATURE When the grow reels feature is activated, all reels grow to five symbol positions high with 50 lines in play. Bonus Gem Symbol is added to reel 5. At the start of each spin, a multiplier prize of 2, 3, or 5 is randomly selected for each Bonus Gem Symbol. Bonus Gem Symbols substitute for Diamond Symbols. Bonus Gem Symbols substituting in a Diamond win multiplies the total Diamond prize awarded by the multiplier shown. WILDS (EXTRA SPINS) At the start of each extra spin, all reels contain a Gem Symbol that may transform into either Purple, Red, or Green Gem Symbol depending on which features are active. If all three features are active, the Gem Symbol transformation does not occur. GREEN GEM BONUS 5 extra spins are awarded. The extra spins feature is activated. During the bonus, any Purple Gem Symbol appearing may trigger the grow reels feature and award 5 extra spins. During the bonus, any Red Gem Symbol appearing may trigger the symbol upgrade feature and award 5 extra spins. Features triggered during the bonus will become active for the remaining extra spins. Each feature can only be triggered once per bonus. RED GEM BONUS 5 extra spins are awarded. The symbol upgrade feature is activated. During the bonus, any Purple Gem Symbol appearing may trigger the grow reels feature and award 5 extra spins. During the bonus, any Green Gem Symbol appearing may trigger the extra spins feature and award 5 extra spins. Features triggered during the bonus will become active for the remaining extra spins. Each feature can only be triggered once per bonus. PURPLE GEM BONUS 5 extra spins are awarded. The grow reels feature is activated. During the bonus, any Red Gem Symbols appearing may trigger the symbol upgrade feature and award 5 extra spins. During the bonus, any Green Gem Symbols appearing may trigger the extra spins feature and award 5 extra spins. Features triggered during the bonus will become active for the remaining extra spins. Each feature can only be triggered once per bonus. PURPLE AND RED GEM DOUBLE BONUS 10 extra spins are awarded. The grow reels feature and the symbol upgrade feature are activated. During the bonus, any Green Gem Symbol appearing may activate the extra spins feature and award 5 extra spins. Features activated during the bonus will become active for the remaining extra spins. Each feature can only be activated once per bonus. PURPLE AND GREEN GEM DOUBLE BONUS 10 extra spins are awarded. The grow reels feature and the extra spins feature are activated. During the bonus, any Red Gem Symbol appearing may activate the symbol upgrade feature and award 5 extra spins. Features activated during the bonus will become active for the remaining extra spins. Each feature can only be activated once per bonus. RED AND GREEN GEM DOUBLE BONUS 10 extra spins are awarded. The symbol upgrade feature and the extra spins feature are activated. During the bonus, any Purple Gem Symbol appearing may activate the grow reels feature and award 5 extra spins. Features activated during the bonus will become active for the remaining extra spins. Each feature can only be activated once per bonus. GREEN, RED AND PURPLE GEM TRIPLE BONUS 15 extra spins are awarded. The extra spins feature, symbol upgrade feature and grow reels feature are activated. Features activated during the bonus will become active for the remaining extra spins. Each feature can only be activated once per bonus. GAME INFO RTP: 94.01% Reel Configuration: 3x5; Up to 5x5 in FG Volatility: High Total Bet: $0.80 - $80.00 Hit Frequency: 29.69% Technology: HTML5 Channel: Mobile & Desktop Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 3/25/2026