Money Grows on Trees Who does not like to see Money Grows on Trees? Money Grows on Trees slots is set in an enchanted forest where the branches of the trees are heavy with prizes, ripe for the picking. Don’t let the old saying stop you! The money trees are waiting for you. Money Tree Wins Every time the reels are spun, the money tree sprouts new multipliers. If 3 Bonus symbols land on the reels then you win all these multipliers as well as any regular on-reel wins. Free Spins When you find yourself a money tree, you’ll want to keep it well fed! That’s why the Plant Food symbols are so important. If you spin in three or more of them anywhere on the reels, you’ll activate Super Coins Free Spins mode! Getting 3, 4, or 5 Plant Food symbols will award 5, 10, or 15 free spins respectively, locked to the bet settings of your last paid-for spin. Extra coins will begin to sprout from the tree, offering even bigger multipliers than you’ll see in normal play. If you spin in three Plant Food symbols while in Super Coin Free Spins mode, you’ll activate an extra level called Platinum Spin! All of the coins on the tree will upgrade to the maximum possible multipliers for ONE spin only. If you manage to spin in three Coin symbols with this single Platinum Spin, you’ll win ALL of the massive multipliers on the tree. Either way, after your Platinum Spin has been used, you’ll return to regular free spins mode. Wild Symbols Look out for the Wild mushrooms in this one! They can be very handy indeed, as they’ll substitute for almost every other symbol on the reels to help you score a win. The only symbols they can’t stand in for is the Coins symbol and Plant Food free spins. Let’s say you spun in two juicy watermelon symbols on a win line with a Wild alongside. That would earn you the same multiplier as if you’d lined up three watermelon symbols. Sweet! GAME INFORMATION RTP: 97.53% Volatility: very Low Min Bet: $0.20 Default Bet: $0.20 Max Bet: $600 Fixed Lines:20 Reels: 3x5 Technology: HTML5 Channel: Mobile & Desktop Game Version : 1.0.0 The maximum win from a single game is £ 73,200. Last modification date: 12/2/2020