South of the Border Game Features Loaded with Loot Feature During paid games any 5 or more 'Gold Sun' triggers the Loaded with Loot Feature with 4 free games. The 'Gold Sun' that triggered the Loaded with Loot Feature and all 'Sun' Prizes appearing during the Loaded with Loot Feature will be transferred to the queue, from left to right starting from reel 1 through to reel 5. If a reel has more than one 'Sun' Prize, the transfer to the queue will begin from the top to the bottom of the reel before proceeding to the next reel. A safe will accumulate all awarded 'Sun' prizes. If more than 5 'Sun' prizes are to be transferred to the queue, the 'Sun' prize first in the queue will be pushed into the safe. Any '+1 Free Game', '+2 Free Games' or '+3 Free Games' appearing on a 'Gold Sun' or 'Orange Sun' will award an additional 1, 2 or 3 free games respectively. Bet and lines played are the same as the game that triggered Loaded with Loot Feature. Grand Bonus Prize The Grand Bonus is awarded when 10 'Gold Sun' have been collected in the safe during the Loaded with Loot Feature. Win Lines 'Man' substitutes for all symbols except 'Moon', 'Gold Sun', 'Orange Sun', '+1 Free Game', '+2 Free Games', '+3 Free Games'. 'Man' appears on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 during paid games only. 'Moon', 'Gold Sun', 'Orange Sun', '+1 Free Game', '+2 Free Games' and '+3 Free Games' are scatters. 'Orange Sun', '+1 Free Game', '+2 Free Games' and '+3 Free Games' appear during the Loaded with Loot Feature only. 'Moon' does not appear during the Loaded with Loot Feature. 'Gold Sun' and 'Orange Sun' always appear on screen with a random 'Sun' Prize of 200, 100, 50, 25, 15, 10, 5, 4, 3, 2 or 1 multiplied by total credits bet, Major Bonus, Minor Bonus or Mini Bonus as displayed. The game has a return to player of 96.50%. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels, except scatters, 'Sun' Prizes and Grand Bonus. Highest win only on each line except scatters, 'Sun' Prizes and Grand Bonus. All wins are added. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/22/2020