Jurassic Jackpots How to play Jurassic Jackpots is a 5 reel, 3 row, fixed 10 win line video slot. To play the game: 1. Select the Total Stake through clicking the Stake button and selecting a stake. 2. Press the Spin button. 3. Check for any win in the Win field. RTP (Return to Player) The overall game RTP is 94%. Autoplay rules Autoplay automatically plays the game for the selected number of spins. The player can enable autoplay by pressing the Autoplay button on the main screen, and choosing their settings, and then starting autoplay. In the autoplay settings, the player can select the number of spins for autoplay. The player must also set the Loss Limit value for the autoplay to function. It will not work without this. When activated, the number of spins remaining for autoplay is displayed.The player has the options to stop autoplay by clicking the autoplay button again and continue with normal play. Win Conditions The winnning conditions are as follows: 3 or more consecutive instances of the same symbol on adjacent reels on a winline. The game has 10 fixed win lines. Any total win in a game round will be displayed in the Winnings box. Only the highest win per win line is paid. The separate win line wins will be displayed on the win lines during win presentation. The separate win line wins will be displayed on the win lines during win presentation. The sum of winnings is immediately credited to your wallet at the end of a game round. Special symbols Bonus symbol Substitutes for all symbols. Appears on reels 1, 3 and 5. 3 in view awards Big Bone-Us feature Wild Substitutes for all symbols except bonus symbol Big Bone-Us feature Collect bones to activate more reel sets Accumulate reel wins from all the active reel sets. Complete the bone trial to win jackpot! The feature comes to an end when all the 15 free spins have been used. Wild Reels Feature Five lit fires above the reels will enter in Wild Reels Feature Fires are lit at random The screen will quake turning reel symbols wild The more it quakes, the more you win! Paytable All winning combinations in the game can be viewed in the Paytable . Connectivity and malfunction Players cannot be unfairly advantaged or disadvantaged by disconnectionsor network interruptions. In rare and exceptional circumstances where a game state cannot be restored, such a malfunction voids all pays and play. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 6/5/2020