Captain Cashfall Intro Dive down into the depths and search for the treasures of the deep in this brilliantly action packed game. Including a range of exciting features, players can sail the high seas with Captain Cashfall and delight in a gaming experience full of adventure. How to Play Pressing the PLAY button will cause the reels to spin. Players can choose between stakes by pressing the + and – buttons. The current stake is displayed in between these buttons. The Freespins feature is triggered when 3, 4 or 5 Freespins symbols land on the reels. If 3 symbols land, 10 Freespins are awarded. If 4 Freespins symbols land, 15 Freespins are awarded and if 5 Freespins symbols land, the player is awarded 20 Freespins. The base game has 3 Trails which increment when backed symbols land on the reels. When a trail is completed, the corresponding feature is awarded. There are 3 possible features that can be won from the trails: Cans of Cash, Wheel House Fortune and Deep Sea Fortune. 4 or more wilds can appear on screen forming a cluster wild. This can happen during the base game or from within Freespins. Triggered randomly, the Submarine can appear over the reels. Sometimes, the Submarine feature is triggered. The feature is not always guaranteed when the Submarine initially appears. During the Submarine feature, a higher paying paytable is used. Paytable The Paytable can be found in the information screens by pressing the button labelled ‘i’. Adjusting the stake will dynamically alter the winning values shown in the Paytable. During the Submarine feature, a higher paying paytable is used. Freespins Feature The Freespins feature is triggered when 3, 4 or 5 Freespins scatter symbols land anywhere on the reels. If 3 symbols land, 10 Freespins are awarded. If 4 Freespins symbols land, 15 Freespins are awarded and if 5 Freespins symbols land, the player is awarded 20 Freespins. Once the number of freespins remaining reaches 0, the feature will come to an end. Trails Features The base game has 3 Trails which increment when backed symbols land on the reels. Each trail has its own average stake, shown at the base of the trail. When a trail is completed, the corresponding feature is awarded. There are 3 possible features that can be won from the trails: Cans of Cash, Wheel House Fortune and Deep Sea Fortune. When the feature ends, the trail that was completed is reset and cleared. Cans of cash: The player picks a can to reveal a multiplier. Multipliers awarded after each round will be added to the Multiplier Meter. If the multiplier prize is x0, the feature will end. The final total multiplier shown in the Multiplier Meter above the cans will be multiplied by the average stake and added to the player’s winnings. Wheel House Fortune: The player presses start to spin the wheel. If the wheel comes to a stop on a multiplier, this will be added to the Multiplier Meter. With each spin, the lowest values may be eliminated and replaced with a STOP location. If the wheel lands on a STOP, the feature will come to an end. The final total multiplier shown in the Multiplier Meter will be multiplied by the average stake and added to the player’s winnings. Deep Sea Fortune: Start the dive by pressing the dive button. The net will go deeper. Each fish caught in the net will increment the Multiplier Gauge on the right hand side. If a mine is caught in the net, the feature will end. The final total multiplier shown in the Multiplier Meter will be multiplied by the average stake and added to the player’s winnings. Submarine Feature The Submarine can appear over the reels. Sometimes, the Submarine feature is triggered. The feature is not always guaranteed when the Submarine initially appears. A Submarine appears and proceeds to dive. As it goes deeper, up to 4 chests can appear and are added to the chest meter in the top right corner. When the Submarine reaches the bottom, a chest may drop down to reveal a bonus multiplier. Any visible wins are processed, using the multiplier value. The collected chests are opened one at a time to reveal cash bonuses. During the Submarine feature, a higher paying paytable is used. Winlines Winlines pay from left to right only. This game has 20 winlines in total. Rules The maximum possible win from this game is £250,000.00 The outcome of any game or feature is not necessarily that shown by the odds displayed. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The theoretical return to the player for this game is 96.09% Game Recovery In the event of a game interruption, (for example, the connection could be interrupted, or an accidental closure may occur) the game will resume from the last point of play. Any winnings prior to interruption will be credited to the players account.