Ducky Bucks Game Rules Ducky Bucks is a 3-reel, 3-row, classic stepper online slot game featuring Wild multipliers and the Ducky Bucks Feature. Base Game RTP is 96%. Game RTP with Extra Bonus Chance enabled is 96.11%. All RTPs represent the long term theoretical payback. Minimum bet: $0.50. Maximum bet: $100.00. The game is always played on 5 lines except for the Ducky Bucks Feature. Each winning combination is made up of only one symbol from each reel. All wins pay left to right on adjacent reels beginning with the leftmost reel, except for the Wild symbols which pay at any positions. Each symbol can be used only once per winning combination. Highest win only for each winning combination. Wins on different combinations are added. Ducky Bucks Feature wins are counted separately to Lines wins. All wins shown in currency. Displayed Scatter symbol values and Jackpots are proportional to the selected bet and displayed as such. Game outcome is random and cannot be influenced by the actions of the player. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Wild symbols Each Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except Jackpots, Scatters and other Wilds. 2 types of Wild symbols may land on the reels in the base game: Multiplies wins for combinations that it's a part of by 2. Multiplies wins for combinations that it's a part of by 3. Multiple Wild symbols may land in a single spin. Total win multiplier is the product of all Wild multipliers. For example, for a spin with ‘x2’ Wild and ‘x3’ Wild, applicable wins are multiplied by 6. Combinations of 3 Wild symbols have their own separate pays listed in the paytable. ‘x2’ and ‘x3’ Wilds do not multiply the scatter values of the triggering spin. Both Wild symbols appear on every reel. Wild symbols appear in the base game only. Ducky Bucks Feature 3 Scatter symbols landing on the base reels trigger the Ducky Bucks Feature. Ducky Bucks Feature consists of an alternate set Bonus reels and a separate Bonus screen on which the landing symbols are collected, forming up the bubble symbols. Ducky Bucks Feature includes: - 5 initial Bonus spins - Regular Scatter symbols summing up to the Credit Prize at the end of the feature. - +1 Spin Scatter symbols awarding additional Bonus spins and adding up to the total Credit Prize. All triggering Scatter symbols and their values are carried into the Ducky Bucks Feature and are transformed into bubble symbols immediately upon entering the feature. The Feature is played on 9 Bonus reels of 1 position each. Visually, the bonus reels are represented as 3 reels of 3 rows each. Symbols passing on the animated reels are for visualization only. For Each Bonus Spin, a symbol is drawn for each of 9 positions. Scatter values are displayed in credits. 1 credit equals 1 cent of the currency in play. The player is awarded initial 5 Bonus Spins upon entering the feature. After each spin all the landing Scatter symbol values are added to the respective bubble symbol on the Bonus Screen. +1 Scatter symbols award additional spins. The feature ends once no Bonus Spins remain. Values of all collected bubble symbols are summed to the total feature win at the end of the Ducky Bucks Feature. The following winning symbols may land on the reels during the Ducky Bucks Feature: Value present on the symbol is added to respective bubble symbol on the Bonus Screen. May be stacked. Pays in any position. Value present on the symbol is added to respective bubble symbol on the Bonus Screen. Awards one additional Bonus spin. May be stacked. Pays in any position. Blank symbol, does not pay. Possible landing Scatter values are 1x, 5x, 10x, 25x, 50x, 75x and 100x times base bet in both base game and the Ducky Bucks feature. Jackpot Prizes There are three Jackpots - Minor, Major and Grand. All Jackpots are non-progressive. Grand Jackpot value is 1000x base bet. Major Jackpot value is 100x base bet. Minor Jackpot value is 25x base bet. To hit a jackpot, you need to hit 2 scattered Jackpot symbols on the first and second reel, and one of three scattered Jackpot symbols on the third reel - Minor, Major or Grand Jackpot. The type of the Jackpot symbol on the third reel determines the type of Jackpot won. Jackpots are only possible to hit in the base game. Game Operation Spin Button: click to initiate a game round at the currently selected bet. Clicking the button during spins, feature summaries and feature animations fast-forwards them. Spacebar can be used in the desktop version of the game to perform spins. Bet Button: click to select the base bet. Press ‘+’ to increase the base bet. Press ‘-’ to decrease the base bet. Autoplay Button: Click to open the autoplay menu. Pays Button: click to open the Pays section. Settings Button: click to access game settings and the detailed Game Rules. Extra Bonus Chance Button: click to enable the Extra Bonus Chance mode. Extra Bonus Chance mode increases the chances of getting the Ducky Bucks Feature and Jackpots. Some of the features might not be available based on limitations in current jurisdiction. Extra Bonus Chance Extra Bonus Chance mode uses an alternate set of reels. Extra Bonus Chance increases the chance of getting the Ducky Bucks Feature and Jackpots. Extra Bonus Chance increases the bet cost by 10%. The cost is added to the base bet. All symbols and Bonus payouts remain the same as for the base bet without the Extra Bonus Chance enabled. All other game rules remain the same as for the base game mode. Extra Bonus Chance can be enabled and disabled only when there’s no game currently in progress. Autoplay Settings Number of spins: the number of auto spins to perform. Autoplay can be stopped at any moment. Stop on any feature: If enabled, the autoplay will be stopped upon hitting a Bonus feature, depending on the game played. Loss limit: The autoplay will be stopped if the total loss during autoplay exceeds the selected value. Loss is calculated as the difference between bets placed and the total win collected during the autoplay session. Stop on single win above: The autoplay will stop if a single game win exceeds the selected value during the autoplay. Available autoplay settings depend on the jurisdiction. Last modification date: 11/4/2025