Break The Vault Game Rules BREAK THE VAULT is a 3-reel, 3-row classic stepper online slot game played on 27 lines with Bonus Spins. Base Game RTP is 96.2%. Game RTP with Extra Bonus Chance enabled is 96.2%. All RTPs represent the long term theoretical payback. Minimum bet: $ 0.27. Maximum bet: $ 324.00. The game is played on a fixed set of 27 lines. Each winning combination is made up of only one symbol from each reel. All wins pay left to right on adjacent reels beginning with the leftmost reel. Each symbol can be used only once per winning combination. Highest win only for each winning combination. Wins on different combinations are added. Bonus Spins wins are added to Base Game wins if any. All wins shown in currency. Displayed MEGA, MAJOR, and MINOR Jackpot prize values are proportional to the selected bet and displayed as such. Paytable win values are presented for the currently selected bet. Game outcome is random and cannot be influenced by the actions of the player. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Wild Symbols Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except Scatter symbols and other Wild symbols. Wild symbols appear during Base Game on reel 2 and 3 only. Wild, Wild x2, and Wild x3 symbols appear during Bonus Spins on reel 2 and 3 only. One Wild x2 multiplies wins for combinations that it is a part of by 2. Two Wild x2 multiply wins for combinations that they are part of by 4. One Wild x3 multiplies wins for combinations that it is a part of by 3. Two Wild x3 multiply wins for combinations that they are part of by 9. One Wild x2 and one Wild x3 multiply wins for combinations they are part of by 6. The multiplier resulting from Wild symbols is applied per winning combination. Scatter Symbols Scatter symbols appear as SCATTER WITH CREDIT PRIZE, and JACKPOT SCATTER symbols: MINOR, MAJOR, and MEGA. SCATTER WITH CREDIT PRIZE symbols may appear during Base Game and Bonus Spins on each reel. Possible landing SCATTER WITH CREDIT PRIZE symbols credit values are 10, 15, 20, 25, 50, 75, 100, 250, 500, 1000, 2500, 5000, 10000. JACKPOT SCATTERS appear during Base Game on reel 2 only. JACKPOT SCATTERS may appear during Bonus Spins on each reel. Any Scatter symbol in the Base Game may trigger Bonus Spins at random. SCATTER WITH CREDIT PRIZE symbols award their credit prize value when landing in Base Game and Bonus Spins. JACKPOTS BREAK THE VAULT includes MEGA, MAJOR, and MINOR Jackpots, which can be awarded during both the Base Game and the Bonus Spins. A Jackpot is awarded when one corresponding Jackpot symbol (MEGA, MAJOR, or MINOR) lands and all eight remaining positions are filled with Scatter symbols in a single spin. In the Base Game, only one Jackpot is available to land per spin. In the Bonus Spins, multiple Jackpots are available to land per a single bonus spin and be awarded if all remaining positions are filled with Scatter symbols. All Jackpots are non-progressive and are shown in currency. Mega Jackpot =1000 x Base Bet Major Jackpot = 50 x Base Bet Minor Jackpot = 12 x Base Bet BONUS SPINS Bonus Spins consist of 10 individual spins using an alternative bonus reel set. Bonus Spins is played on the same 27 lines as the Base Game. All the Bonus Spins wins are summed up and awarded at the end of the feature, if any. Any Scatter symbol during the Bonus Spins may randomly award 3 additional spins. Bonus Spins end once no spins remain. Game Operation Spin Button: click to initiate a game round at the currently selected bet. Clicking the button during spins, feature summaries and feature animations fast-forwards them. The Spacebar can be used in the desktop version to perform spins. Bet button: click to select the base bet. Press ‘+’ to increase the base bet. Press ‘-’ to decrease the base bet. Autoplay Button: click to open the autoplay menu. Pays Button: click to open the Pays section. Settings Button: click to access game settings and the detailed Game Rules. Extra Bonus Chance Button: click to enable the Extra Bonus Chance mode. Extra Bonus Chance mode increases the chances of hitting Bonus spins. Extra Bonus Chance Extra Bonus Chance mode uses an alternate set of reels with higher chance of triggering the Bonus Spins. Extra Bonus Chance increases the bet cost by one-third. The cost is added to the base bet. All symbols and Bonus Spins payouts remain the same for the base bet without the Extra Bonus Chance enabled. All other game rules remain the same as for the Base Game mode. Extra Bonus Chance can be enabled and disabled only when there’s no game round currently in progress. Autoplay Settings Number of spins: the number of autospins to perform. Autoplay can be stopped at any moment. Stop on any feature: If enabled, the autoplay will be stopped upon hitting any bonus feature, depending on the game played. Loss limit: The autoplay will be stopped if the total loss during autoplay exceeds the selected value. Loss is calculated as the difference between bets placed and total win collected during the autoplay session. Stop on single win above: The autoplay will stop if a single game win exceeds the selected value during the autoplay. Last modification date: 2/17/2026