Crazy Chicken Extreme How to play Crazy Chicken Extreme is a game where you shoot chickens to win prizes. You may win cash directly by shooting chickens and have ten attempts to do so. This is represented by the ammunition on the bottom right. When it is empty, you can pay again to reload and play another game. Note that larger, faster touchscreen devices may provide an advantage to game play. Set Your Stake Your stake can be changed on the home screen by clicking the arrow buttons. The stakes are £1, £2, £5, £10 and £20. The default stake is £2. Playing with a higher stake will increase the potential max win (shown on screen as you cycle through stakes). You can win £10,000 per chicken, by playing with maximum stake of £20. To Play Click Start, then when the game loads, shoot chickens by clicking on them. If you click on the game layout it will deplete ammunition by 1 bullet for each click. NOTE: Bullets will reduce also if you click on the ammunition icon displayed at the bottom screen. You can also click “Quick Shoot”. Quick shoot will shoot all the birds at random and not miss any of them. It will collect any possible payouts. When you run out of 10 ammunition for the current game, the current game is over. To play another game, you can reload the ammunition by clicking on the "TAP HERE TO RELOAD" which will be present at the bottom right - Note : This will deduct the current stake from your balance (the current stake is illustrated beneath) to start the new game. You can also click on the button "Change stake" to change the stake for next game play. The number of chickens shot is displayed in the top right, beside the icon of a chicken head. The current total win is displayed on the top left, beside the icon of gold coins. Note that the game won’t end until at least one bird has been shot. If you miss all of the first 9 shots, the last shot will remain until you can hit a chicken. Average payout and skill The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 98%. This RTP represents the long-term expected payback of the game which has been calculated by an independent testing company. Interrupted Play If the game is interrupted it will resume from the beginning and the game will then be completed automatically (after clicking Continue) via the Quick Shoot functionality. Any previous wins that occurred during the interruption will be secured. Demo Play The Operator's Demo Mode games are a sample of the Play for Real version. They play with the exact same rules and random number generator. Demo Mode versions of games allow you to play for "fun money" that has no financial value. Gaming System Malfunction The Operator reserves the right to withhold winnings and void wagers if a Player manipulates the games in a fraudulent manner or the Gaming System itself malfunctions. The definition of such a malfunction extends to an error in the published odds or pay tables, or a game not working in accordance with its published rules The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/19/2020