Space Force Rules To Play Select how many lines you want to play and how much you want to bet per line. Press the 'Spin' button. Match 3 identical symbols in a row to win the prize. See below for the prizes. Separate wins will be added together. Your total win amount will be added to your game balance. Prizes Available Symbol Prize (multiple of stakes) X500 X200 X40 X20 X10 X5 X4 X3 X2 X1 FREE SPINS (2-20 spins on all 7 lines) BONUS GAME Free Spins When 3 'SPACE FORCE' symbols are matched in a row, a free spin round will be triggered. Players will be awarded between 2-20 free spins. Free spins will be played out automatically. Free game wins will be added at the end to main game winnings. Free spins can be retriggered and will always spin across all 7 lines Bonus When you match ‘Planet Jackpot’ three times, you will enter the special bonus game to win one of the 5 special jackpots. On a bonus round screen, you can spin the jackpot wheel. See which colour the wheel will land on to reveal which jackpot you will win! The jackpot amounts are pre-set and do not depend on your bet amount. The amount offered for each of the 5 jackpots is shown in rotation on the main screen and on the bonus screen as well – so you can always check how much you might win. If you trigger both Free Spins and the Planet Jackpot bonus round in the same game, the bonus round will play first, before returning to see the Free spins play out. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 94%. This RTP represents the long-term expected payback of the game which has been calculated by an independent testing company. Interrupted Play We know that internet connections can sometimes be unreliable or something can interrupt the game. We try to make this as fair as possible to you. For example, if you run out of battery while playing or you've reached your personal daily time limit, we will automatically credit any win. Demo Play The Operator's Demo Mode games are a sample of the Play for Real version. They play with the exact same rules and random number generator. Demo Mode versions of games allow you to play for 'fun money' that has no financial value. Gaming System Malfunction The Operator reserves the right to withhold winnings and void wagers if a Player manipulates the games in a fraudulent manner or the Gaming System itself malfunctions. The definition of such a malfunction extends to an error in the published odds or pay tables, or a game not working in accordance with its published rules. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/19/2020