Sonic Reels The game has 6 reels, 3 rows and 729 ways. The game features Right Shifting Reels Bonus and Left Shifting Reels Bonus. All wins are paid for combinations of at least 3 symbols on an active line from left to right. Only the highest win per bet is paid. RTP: 96.24% SPECIAL FEATURES FREE SPINS • A draw of 3, 4, 5 or 6 Scatter Symbol triggers 10, 15, 20 or 25 Free Spins respectively. • Free Spins are played at the same bet level and Volatility as the spin that activated them. • Both accumulating bonuses can be active during Free Spins feature. • The winnings from Free Spins accumulate until the end of the feature. • Free Spins can be retriggered again during Free Spins. Left Speaker Bonus • Collecting 5 accumulating symbols on the bonus meter activates Left Speaker Bonus. • During the bonus, each win increases the Multiplier and reels move one position to the right. • Reel 6 is removed and new symbols are drawn on reel 1. • If this results in creating a new winning combination, reels once again move to the right and the Multiplier increases. • The maximum value of the Multiplier is x5. • The bonus feature can occur 5 times with each occurrence decreasing the bonus meter. • Drawing the accumulating symbol when the bonus is active increases the counter but it can never exceed 5. Right Speaker Bonus • Collecting 5 accumulating symbols on the bonus meter activates Right Speaker Bonus. • During the bonus round, if there is no win, reels can move 1, 2 or 3 positions to the left and new symbols are drawn on the empty reels when it can result in creating a winning combination. • There are three combinations of reels that can shift: 2-3-4-5-6 (one position to the left), 3-4-5-6 (two positions to the left) and 4-5-6 (three positions to the left). • Up to 10 reels can be shifted. • Each occurrence of the feature decreases the bonus counter. • The counter decreases by the number of reels shifted. • Drawing the accumulating symbol when the bonus is active increases the counter but it can never exceed 10. SPECIAL SYMBOLS WILD SYMBOL Wild substitutes for other symbols except special symbols. Wild is not a paying symbol. SCATTER SYMBOL Drawing 3, 4, 5 or 6 Scatter Symbols anywhere on the reels triggers 10, 15, 20 or 25 Free Spins. Scatter is not a paying symbol. LEFT SPEAKER BONUS ACCUMULATING SYMBOL Each occurrence of the accumulating symbol increases the counter on the bonus game meter. Accumulating 5 symbols activates the bonus. RIGHT SPEAKER BONUS ACCUMULATING SYMBOL Each occurrence of the accumulating symbol increases the counter on the bonus game meter. Accumulating 5 symbols activates the bonus. WINNING BET LINES All symbols pay left to right. The game features 729 ways to win. Only the highest win per way is paid. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. MAIN GAME Play Button Click to start playing at the current bet level. Autoplay Settings (if applicable) Click to access the Autoplay settings menu: Number of games: Select the amount of spins. At any win: Stops Autoplay at any win. On Jackpot win: Stops the autospins if Jackpot is won. At Bonus Games enter: Stops Autoplay at bonus games enter. At Free Spins enter: Stops Autoplay at free spins enter. If single win exceeds: Stops Autoplay if a single win exceeds the set amount. If cash increases by: Stops Autoplay if the balance increases by the set amount. If cash decreases by: Stops Autoplay if the balance decreases by the set amount. You can change the bet value by: Clicking one of the buttons with the bet value on them. Clicking the last button sets the bet to max value. Clicking the plus and minus buttons increases and decreases the bet by one level. Active counters: Balance - Current account balance. Win - Current win. Total Bet - Current bet in cash. Gamble Risk your win for a chance to double it. To Credit Claim your win without next spin. Fast Play Click to switch between normal, fast or ultra fast(if applicable) play modes. Shop Click to buy one of the bonuses available in the game. Game Settings Click to access the game settings and game information: Full screen mode: Click to switch Full screen mode on or off. Use space key: Use space key as a spin button. Big Screen Mode: Click to enlarge the size of the reels on the screen. Energy Saving Mode: Use Energy Saving Mode to conserve battery. Big Win Presentation: Click to switch Big Win animations on or off. Ultra Lite Mode: Switch to Ultra Lite Mode for faster load times. Game History: Click to view your latest game history. Advanced / unique gambling: Click to select the standard risk mechanism. Standard / card gambling: Click to select a quick risk mechanism. Sound Settings Click to access the sound settings: Mute: Click to mute all sound effects and music. Sound volume: Click to switch sounds on or off. Music volume: Click to switch music on or off. Game Rules Click to view game rules. Paytable Click to view winning combinations and payouts. Game History Click to view your latest game history. The game history is available only when playing for money. Close full screen Click to close full screen. Volatility Settings Choose your favourite game Low volatility: The payouts you receive in this mode are more frequent but in most cases smaller. This level is perfect for players who prefer shorter game sessions. Standard volatility: This mode is a mixture between Low and High and is dedicated to players who are looking to feel the thrill of big wins in a fair frequency. High volatility: In this mode you can hit BIG WINs but they are not as frequent as winning in Low mode. High is an excellent mode for players who are not afraid of taking a risk to win big. Big Screen Mode Play Button Click to start playing at the current bet level. Gamble Button Risk your win for a chance to double it. To Credit Claim your win without next spin. Autoplay Settings (if applicable) Click to access the Autoplay settings menu. Volatility Level Choose your favourite game . Max Bet Set the bet to max value. Increase Bet Value Click to increase bet value. Decrease Bet Value Click to decrease bet value. Close Big Screen Mode Click to reduce the size of the reels on the screen or close the Big Screen Mode. Fast Play Click to switch between normal, fast or ultra fast(if applicable) play modes. GAMBLE FEATURE • The Gamble feature gives a chance to double each win. • After activating the gamble feature, a player can: • take the win and end the gamble feature, • if available, take half the win and continue the gamble feature playing with half the stake, • continue playing the gamble feature by selecting one of the two symbols. • After selecting a symbol, a draw is made to determine the winning symbol. • The player can end the gamble feature after each round. • In the event of a loss, the player loses the win value specified in the Current win counter and returns to the main game. • The gamble feature has seven rounds. • Current win – amount of win that can be taken. • Double to – win amount after a correct guess. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION The following game features and settings may be subject to the terms and conditions of the gaming site. For more information on the following, refer to the gaming website: The procedures used to manage unfinished game rounds. The time after which inactive game sessions automatically end. In the event of malfunction of the gaming hardware/software, all affected game bets and payouts are rendered void and all affected bets refunded. Games that do not feature interrupted rounds are either rolled back with bet being refunded or is completed by awarding a win. Games that feature interrupted rounds and are not complete will last for 90 days. The maximum win from a single game is £540,000 Last modification date: 7/22/2020