Teatime Treasures Volatility: 21.5 – EXTREMELY High All 5 reels are always in play. Line wins must appear on played lines. Line win symbols must appear on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Only the highest win is paid on each line. Line wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier. Wins are shown in credits unless marked as currency. WILD TRAIN Feature When the full Caterpillar symbol (3 symbols total) appears together with at least 1 Piece of Cake on the reels, the Wild Train Feature is initiated. After winning combinations are awarded, the Caterpillar will move one position at a time to overlap with any Pieces of Cake or Drink Me Bottles. All symbols comprising the Caterpillar will follow along the same path in order to remain in consecutive adjacent positions on the reels. When the head of the Caterpillar reaches and overlaps with a Piece of Cake or a Drink Me Bottle, that symbol is collected. This process repeats until all Pieces of Cake and Drink Me Bottles have been collected. Each Piece of Cake collected increases the number of positions covered by the Caterpillar. Additional Caterpillar body symbols are added or removed as necessary during the movement so that the total number of positions covered by Caterpillar symbols will always be equal to 3 + the total number of Piece of Cakes collected during the feature. Each Drink Me Bottle collected places 3 to 7 Hats in random positions on the reels not occupied by the Caterpillar during the next respin or free game. After all Piece of Cakes and Drink Me Bottles have been collected a free respin is awarded. All Caterpillar symbols remain locked in their current positions on the reels during each respin. Respins are played on different reels. Respins continue until the Free Games Bonus is triggered or until there is a respin where no Piece of Cake or Drink Me Bottles were collected. The Caterpillar symbols and Drink Me Bottles are wild and substitute for all symbols except each other. The Caterpillar symbols, and Drink Me Bottles do not substitute for Piece of Cake for purposes of the Wild Train Feature. Drink Me Bottles do not appear on the reels during the base game. Drink Me Bottles appear on reels 1, 2, 3, and 4 during respins. Drink Me Bottles appear on reels 1, 2, and 3 during the Free Games Bonus. The Caterpillar symbols appear only on reel 5 during the base game. The Caterpillar symbols do not appear on the reels during respins or the Free Games Bonus. Free Games Feature During the Wild Train Feature, collecting 5 or more Pieces of Cake starts the Free Games Bonus. The Free Games Bonus uses different reels. Free games automatically play at the same bet multiplier as the game that initiated the Free Games Bonus. All Caterpillar symbols carry over from the respin that initiated the Free Games Bonus and remain locked in their current position on the reels during each free game spin. For each free game spin, after winning combinations are awarded, the Caterpillar symbols will move one position at a time to overlap with any Piece of Cake or Drink Me Bottles. All symbols comprising the Caterpillar will follow along the same path in order to remain in consecutive adjacent positions on the reels. When the head of the Caterpillar reaches and overlaps with a Piece of Cake or a Drink Me Bottle, that symbol is collected. This process repeats until all Pieces of Cake and Drink Me Bottles have been collected. Each Piece of Cake collected increases the number of positions covered by the Caterpillar. Additional Caterpillar body symbols are added or removed as necessary during the movement so that the total number of positions covered by Caterpillar symbols will always be equal to 3 + the total number of Piece of Cakes collected during the Free Games Bonus and the Wild Train Feature that initiated it. Each Drink Me Bottle collected places 3 to 7 Hats in random positions on the reels not occupied by the Caterpillar during the next respin or free game. Each Piece of Cake and Drink Me Bottle collected awards 1 additional free game. The Free Games Bonus ends when 0 free games remain. JACKPOT Feature Collecting 12 or more Pieces of Cake during the Free Games Bonus and the Wild Train Feature that initiated it awards an amazing 2000 times your total bet at the end of the feature. Game Rules – RTP: 96.0% The maximum win from a single game is £230,500 Last modification date: 7/24/2020