Razor Shark Grab your swimming gear and get ready to dive into deep sea treasures with Razor Shark! A 5 x 4 reel, high-volatility slot with 20 win lines and an RTP of 96.70%. This slot takes players on an exciting underwater adventure filled with hidden treasures and mysterious discoveries! The game offers exciting features, such as Mystery Stacks with a Nudge and Reveal Feature, a Razor Reveal, Bet Multipliers, Scatters and Free Games! Base Game A 5-x 4 reel slot with 20 win lines Mystery Stacks Mystery Stacks appear in stacks of 4 symbols and can land anywhere on the reel. When this takes place, the Nudge and Reveal Feature is triggered. Nudge and Reveal Feature Here, the Mystery Stacks open to reveal either Paying Symbols or Golden Shark Symbols. If Paying Symbols are revealed then any existing wins will be paid. The Mystery Symbols will nudge down 1 position on the next spin until no more are visible on the reels. If Golden Shark Symbols are revealed, the Razor Reveal is then triggered. Razor Reveal In this feature, the Golden Shark Symbols will animate and disappear transforming the Mystery Symbols into mini-reels that can award the player with Instant Bet Multipliers and Scatters. Instant Bet Multipliers These symbols can range between 1x and 2500x. When the Razor Reveal finishes, all Bet Multipliers visible on the reels get added up and awarded to the player. Scatters Up to 3 Scatters can land on the reels at any time, with the possibility of more being revealed during the Razor Reveal. If more than 3 are visible on the reels, the Free Games round waiting to be triggered for the player, will be enhanced. Free Games Feature The Free Games Feature is triggered when 3 or more Scatters land anywhere on the reels. In this feature, the 2nd and 4th reels are filled with Mystery Symbols that nudge down by 1 with every spin and apply a multiplier to all wins. Any additional Mystery Symbols may also land and the Free Games will continue until there are no more Mystery Symbols are visible on the reels. When entering this feature with any additional scatters, the Mystery Symbol Stacks nudge up and additional free spins and multipliers are awarded. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 6/8/2020