Meow Meow Madness Meow Meow Madness is a 4x5 game with a unique combination of free spin, wild, and an exciting hold-and-win bonus that can trigger an even bigger cash bonus rounds to create a huge win. GAME FEATURES Free Spins Bonus 3 or more Bonus Symbols award 6 Free Spins. Hold and Win Bonus, Cash Bonus, and Jackpot Bonus can be won during free spins Wild Feature Wild Symbol substitutes for all symbols except Bonus Symbol and Hold and Win Symbol. Wild Symbol appears on reels 2, 3, and 4 only. Hold and Win Bonus 6 or more Hold and Win Symbols in any position award the Hold and Win Bonus. The Hold and Win Symbols that initiated the Hold and Win Bonus are locked and all other positions become independent spinning reels. 5 Initial Free Spins are awarded. For every Free Spin, one independent spinning reel will have a Hold and Win Symbol with either Instant Win, x2, or x10 instead of numbers. Any additional Hold and Win Symbols that land during Free Spins is locked. If a Hold and Win Symbol with Instant Win lands on the screen, all values appearing on Hold and Win Symbols are awarded at the end of that spin. If a Hold and Win Symbol with x2, or x10 lands on the screen, all values appearing on Hold and Win Symbols are multiplied by 2 or 10 respectively. That x2 or x10 Hold and Win Symbol will be removed from the reel for the remaining free spins. Each additional Hold and Win Symbol that land will award an extra free spin. At the end of the Hold and Win Bonus all values appearing on Hold and Win Symbols are awarded. Cash Bonus can be won during the Hold and Win Bonus. Cash Bonus Cash Bonus is awarded for each Hold and Win Symbol with Cash Bonus appearing on either a Hold and Win Bonus trigger, or any free spins during Hold and Win Bonus. During Cash Bonus, touching a falling cash symbol will reveal either a credit value, or a booster symbol. Revealed Booster Symbol will boost the accumulated credits. Cash Bonus ends when a Booster Symbol is revealed At the end of the Cash Bonus, the accumulated credits during Cash Bonus become the new prize on the Hold and Win Symbol that triggered the Cash Bonus. Jackpot Pick Bonus Any Wild Symbol landing anywhere on the reels may award the Jackpot Bonus. When awarded the Jackpot Bonus the player is presented with 13 unrevealed Jackpot Symbols. Touching an Unrevealed Jackpot Symbol will reveal either one of the following: Grand Jackpot symbol, Major Jackpot symbol, Minor Jackpot symbol, Mini Jackpot symbol, and Wild Jackpot symbol. Revealing 3 Grand Jackpot symbols, Major Jackpot symbols, Minor Jackpot symbols, or Mini Jackpot symbols will award the Jackpot respectively. Wild Jackpot Symbol can substitute any Jackpot Symbol. Substituting in a Grand, Major, Minor, and Mini jackpot will award credits respectively. Jackpot Bonus ends when one Jackpot Bonus is awarded. Power XStream Evaluation This Feature maximizes the number of ways to win by evaluating awards based on the number of symbols (except the Free Spin Symbol) in any position. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. GAME INFORMATION RTP: 94.1%, 95.92% Reel Configuration: 4x5 Volatility: High Bet Level: 75-750 credits Bet Multiplier: 1, 2, 3, 5, 10 Denomination: $0.01, $0.02, $0.05, $0.10, $0.20 Evaluation: 1024 Ways Technology: HTML5 Channel: Mobile & Desktop Last modification date: 1/30/2025