Shamrock Fortunes Shamrock Fortunes is a thrilling slot with Gold Pot prizes, Wild Coins, and multiple bonus features. Pot Bonuses trigger special rounds, Extra Spins add bonus opportunities, and the Symbol Upgrade Feature enhances payouts. The Grow Reels Feature expands the grid with multipliers, and stacking these thrilling features together creates an exciting and rewarding experience for all players. GAME FEATURES GOLD POT PRIZES Gold Pot Symbols appear on all reels. At the start of each spin, a credit prize is randomly selected for each Gold Pot Symbol. Reel 1 and 2 prizes are between 20 and 80. Reel 3 and 4 prizes are between 100 and 250. Reel 5 prizes are between 200 and 1500. Gold Pot prizes are awarded when one or more Gold Pots appear on both reel 1 and reel 2. Each Gold Pot prize is awarded once only for each Gold Pot Symbol from left to right on adjacent reels starting from the leftmost reel. Gold Pot prizes are multiplied by bet multipliers as shown on screen. Gold Pot prizes are paid in addition to line wins. WILDS At the start of each bought game, all reels contain Gold Coin Symbols that transform into either Blue, Red, or Green Coin Symbols. Blue Coin Symbols substitute for all symbols except Gold Pot, Red Coin, and Green Coin Symbols. Red Coin Symbols substitute for all symbols except Gold Pot, Blue Coin, and Green Coin Symbols. Green Coin Symbols substitute for all symbols except Gold Pot, Blue Coin, and Red Coin Symbols. Blue, Red, and Green Coin Symbols pay mixed. Gold Coin Symbols substitute for all symbols except Gold Pot, Blue Coin, Red Coin, and Green Coin Symbols. BONUS TRIGGERS Whenever one or more Blue Coin Symbols appear on a bought game, there is a chance the blue pot bonus may be triggered Whenever one or more Red Coin Symbols appear on a bought game, there is a chance the red pot bonus may be triggered Whenever one or more Green Coin Symbols appear on a bought game, there is a chance the green pot bonus may be triggered If only the blue pot bonus is triggered in the spin, the blue pot bonus is awarded. During the bonus all Gold Coin Symbols are transformed into Blue Coin Symbols If only the red pot bonus is triggered in the spin, the red pot bonus is awarded. During the bonus all Gold Coin Symbols are transformed into Red Coin Symbols If only the green pot bonus is triggered in the spin, the green pot bonus is awarded. During the bonus all Gold Coin Symbols are transformed into Green Coin Symbols If only the blue pot and red pot bonuses are triggered in the same spin, the blue and red pot double bonus is awarded only. During the bonus all Gold Coin Symbols are transformed into Blue or Red Coin Symbols If only the blue pot and green pot bonuses are triggered in the same spin, the blue and green pot double bonus is awarded only. During the bonus all Gold Coin Symbols are transformed into Blue or Green Coin Symbols If only the red pot and green pot bonuses are triggered in the same spin, the red and green pot double bonus is awarded only. During the bonus all Gold Coin Symbols are transformed into Red or Green Coin Symbols EXTRA SPIN FEATURE When the extra spins feature is activated, Green Pot Symbol is added to reel 1. At the start of each extra spin, each Green Pot Symbol is replaced by either a 1 Extra Spin or 2 Extra Spins Symbol. 1 Extra Spin and 2 Extra Spins Symbols substitute for Gold Pot prizes. 1 Extra Spin and 2 Extra Spins Symbols appearing awards 1 or 2 extra spins respectively. SYMBOL UPGRADE FEATURE When the symbol upgrade feature is activated, a level 1 collection meter is added to the screen and a Red Pot Symbol is added to reel 5. During extra spins, each wild Blue, Red, Green, or Gold Coin appearing will be collected to the collection meter. Level 1: When 3 wilds are collected, all Pipe Symbols are turned to Gold Pot Symbols for the remaining spins and level 2 collection begins. Level 2: When 4 wilds are collected, all Horseshoe Symbols are turned into Gold Pot Symbols for the remaining Spins and Level 3 collection begins. Level 3: When 5 wilds are collected, all Mug Symbols are turned in to Gold Pot Symbols for the remaining spins and level 4 collection begins. Level 4: When 6 wilds are collected all Boot Symbols are turned into Gold Pot Symbols for the remaining spins and level 5 collection begins Level 5: When 7 wilds are collected, all Leprechaun Symbols are turned into Gold Pot Symbols for the remaining spins. Red Pot Symbols are substitutes for Gold Pot Symbols. At the start of each spin, a jackpot prize of Grand or Major, or bonus prize of Minor or Mini is randomly selected for each Red Pot Symbol. Bonus prizes are multiplied by the best multiplier as shown on screen. Red Pot Symbols substituting a Gold Pot win awards the jackpot or bonus prize shown. GROW REELS FEATURE When the grow reels feature is activated, all reels grow to five symbol positions high with 50 lines in play. Blue Pot Symbol is added to reel 5. At the start of each spin, a multiplier prize of 2, 3, or 5 is randomly selected for each Blue Pot Symbol. Blue Pot Symbols substitute for Gold Pot Symbols. Blue Pot Symbols substituting in a Gold Pot win multiplies the total Gold Pot prize awarded by the multiplier shown. WILDS (EXTRA SPINS) At the start of each extra spin, all reels contain a Gold Coin Symbol that may transform into either Blue, Red, or Green Coin Symbol depending on which features are active. If all three features are active, the Gold Coin Symbol transformation does not occur. GREEN POT BONUS 5 extra spins are awarded. The extra spins feature is activated. During the bonus, any Blue Coin Symbol appearing may trigger the grow reels feature and award 5 extra spins. During the bonus, any Red Coin Symbol appearing may trigger the symbol upgrade feature and award 5 extra spins. Features triggered during the bonus will become active for the remaining extra spins. Each feature can only be triggered once per bonus. RED POT BONUS 5 extra spins are awarded. The symbol upgrade feature is activated. During the bonus, any Blue Coin Symbol appearing may trigger the grow reels feature and award 5 extra spins. During the bonus, any Green Coin Symbol appearing may trigger the extra spins feature and award 5 extra spins. Features triggered during the bonus will become active for the remaining extra spins. Each feature can only be triggered once per bonus. BLUE POT BONUS 5 extra spins are awarded. The grow reels feature is activated. During the bonus, any Red Coin Symbols appearing may trigger the symbol upgrade feature and award 5 extra spins. During the bonus, any Green Coin Symbols appearing may trigger the extra spins feature and award 5 extra spins. Features triggered during the bonus will become active for the remaining extra spins. Each feature can only be triggered once per bonus. BLUE AND RED POT DOUBLE BONUS 10 extra spins are awarded. The grow reels feature and the symbol upgrade feature are activated. During the bonus, any Green Coin Symbol appearing may activate the extra spins feature and award 5 extra spins. Features activated during the bonus will become active for the remaining extra spins. Each feature can only be activated once per bonus. BLUE AND GREEN POT DOUBLE BONUS 10 extra spins are awarded. The grow reels feature and the extra spins feature are activated. During the bonus, any Red Coin Symbol appearing may activate the symbol upgrade feature and award 5 extra spins. Features activated during the bonus will become active for the remaining extra spins. Each feature can only be activated once per bonus. RED AND GREEN POT DOUBLE BONUS 10 extra spins are awarded. The symbol upgrade feature and the extra spins feature are activated. During the bonus, any Blue Coin Symbol appearing may activate the grow reels feature and award 5 extra spins. Features activated during the bonus will become active for the remaining extra spins. Each feature can only be activated once per bonus. GREEN, RED AND BLUE POT TRIPLE BONUS 15 extra spins are awarded. The extra spins feature, symbol upgrade feature and grow reels feature are activated. Features activated during the bonus will become active for the remaining extra spins. Each feature can only be activated once per bonus. GAME INFO RTP: 92.01%, 94.01%, 94.95% Reel Configuration: 3x5; Up to 5x5 in FG Volatility: High Total Bet: $0.80 - $80.00 Hit Frequency: 29.69% Technology: HTML5 Channel: Mobile & Desktop Malfunction voids all pays and plays Last modification date: 9/4/2025