Da Vinci Extreme RTP: 96.2% Volatility: 13.5 Game Rules Malfunction voids all pays and play Select Bet Click the Spin button to spin the reel. Line wins must appear on played lines. Line win symbols must appear on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Only the highest win is paid on each line. Line wins are multiplied by the bet per line. Scatter symbols award in any position on the reels. Scatter wins are multiplied by the bet per line. Scatter wins are awarded in addition to line wins. Wild symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols except the Free Games Bonus symbol. Wild symbol appears only on reels 2, 3, and 4 in the base game. All symbols in winning combinations disappear. The empty symbol positions are filled as symbols tumble from above. Afterwards, symbols are re-evaluated for new winning combinations. Reels continue to tumble until no winning symbol combinations are created as a result of the tumbling reels. Free Games bonus 3 Free Games Bonus symbols appearing on a played line starts the Free Games Bonus. At the end of any base game spin where 3 Free Games Bonus Symbols did not appear on a played line, the Free Games Bonus may be randomly awarded. The Free Games Bonus uses different reels. Free games automatically play on max lines at the same bet per line as the game that initiated the Free Games Bonus. 3 of the portrait symbols are scatter symbols and a winning combination appearing in any position on the reels awards a scatter pay. 3 or more Free Games Bonus Symbols appearing anywhere awards additional free games. 3 Free Games Bonus Symbols award 2 to 4 additional free games. 4 Free Games Bonus Symbols award 4 to 10 additional free games. 5 Free Games Bonus Symbols award 6 to 15 additional free games. The Free Games Bonus ends when 0 free games remain or when 300 free games have been played. All symbols in winning combinations disappear. The empty symbol positions are filled as symbols tumble from above. Afterwards, symbols are re-evaluated for new winning combinations. Reels continue to tumble until no winning symbol combinations are created as a result of the tumbling reels. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 6/9/2020