Happy Tiki Game Rules Happy Tiki is a 3-reel, classic stepper online slot game played with 27 Ways featuring the Happy Tiki Bonus Spins Feature. Base Game RTP is 96.12%. All RTPs represent the long term theoretical payback. Minimum bet: $0.50. Maximum bet: $100.00. The game is always played with 27 ways. Each winning combination is made up of only one symbol from each reel. All wins pay left to right on adjacent reels beginning with the leftmost reel. Each symbol can be used only once per winning combination. Highest win only for each winning combination. Wins on different combinations are added. Wins from Happy Tiki Bonus Spins Feature are added to base game wins, if any. All wins shown in currency. Animations in the background are visual only and do not represent increased chances of winning. Paytable win values are multiplied by the currently selected bet. Game outcome is random and cannot be influenced by the actions of the player. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. WILD SYMBOL There are two types of WILD symbols: Green WILD - does not have a multiplier. Gold WILD - multiplies wins for combinations that it’s a part of, by a randomly drawn multiplier. WILD symbols substitute for all non-WILD symbols except for RED, GREEN, and PURPLE TIKI SCATTER SYMBOLS. All WILD symbols appear only on the second reel both in base game and Happy Tiki Bonus Spins Feature. If a Gold WILD lands as part of a winning combination in the base game, one multiplier is randomly selected from 2×, 5×, 10×, 25×, 50×, or 75×. Once the multiplier is drawn, its value appears on the Gold WILD symbol and is applied to the payout of the winning payway in which the Gold WILD participates. If a winning reel combination includes both ways with a Gold WILD and ways without a Gold WILD, they are presented as a single win, and their prizes are combined and displayed as a total sum. HAPPY TIKI BONUS SPINS FEATURE Happy Tiki Bonus Spins Feature consists of 7 initial Bonus Spins with additional features depending on the triggering SCATTER. Landing one or more SCATTER symbols can randomly trigger the feature with different modifications. However, getting a SCATTER does not guarantee the feature will activate. All types of SCATTER symbols can appear on any reel during the base game only. Tiki presented above the game reels do not represent actual chances of hitting the Happy Tiki Bonus Spins Feature. Depending on the reel combination, the Happy Tiki Bonus Spins Feature can include one to three additional modifications. For example, if the feature is triggered by the RED TIKI SCATTER with no other SCATTER on the reels, the player receives extra spins added to the 7 initial Bonus Spins. If the feature is triggered by a combination of the RED and PURPLE SCATTER, the Happy Tiki Bonus Spins Feature game will include both, extra spins and play across three separate reel sets. An individual alternate set of reels is used during Happy Tiki Bonus Spins Feature. The feature ends when there are no Bonus Spins remaining. At the end of the feature, all wins accumulated during the Bonus Spins are summed up and displayed as the total feature win, which is then added to any base game win. It is not possible to land two or more SCATTERS of the same type during single spin in base game. SCATTERS appear in the base game only. EXTRA SPINS Landing the RED TIKI SCATTER on any reel during the base game may increase the number of Extra Spins awarded in the Happy Tiki Bonus Spins Feature by 1. The Extra Spins number starts at a base value of 5 and can increase up to a maximum of 10. The current amount of Extra Spins is continuously displayed on the RED TIKI meter above the reels. When the RED TIKI SCATTER triggers the Happy Tiki Bonus Spins Feature +1 Extra Spin is added, if possible. When the Happy Tiki Bonus Spins Feature that includes Extra Spins starts, the Extra Spins are added to the initial 7 spins. After the round ends, the Extra Spins meter is reset to the base value of 5. Moreover, each distinct bet level maintains its own separate Extra Spins number. Increasing spins at one bet does not affect the number at another. TRIPLE REELS When the PURPLE TIKI SCATTER triggers the Happy Tiki Bonus Spins Feature, the feature is played on 3 separate sets of reels. GIANT MULTIPLIERS When the GREEN TIKI SCATTER triggers the Happy Tiki Bonus Spins Feature, the feature includes Giant Multipliers. During this feature, two types of WILD symbols may appear: Green WILD, that does not have a multiplier. Gold WILD, whose multiplier is randomly drawn from the pool: 2x, 5x, 10x, 25x, 50x, 75x, 100x, 150x, or 200x. The last three multipliers (100x, 150x, and 200x) are displayed in green. If a WILD symbol is part of a winning combination within the 27 ways, it multiplies the prize by its assigned or drawn value. When the triggered Happy Tiki Bonus Spins Feature does not include Giant Multipliers, the gold WILD draws its multiplier from the same pool as in the base game: 2x, 5x, 10x, 25x, 50x, 75x. Game Operation Spin Button: click to initiate a game round at the currently selected bet. Clicking the button during spins, feature summaries and feature animations fast-forwards them. Spacebar can be used in the desktop version of the game to perform spins. Bet Button: click to select the base bet. Press ‘+’ to increase the base bet. Press ‘-’ to decrease the base bet. Autoplay Button: Click to open the autoplay menu. Pays Button: click to open the Pays section. Settings Button: click to access game settings and the detailed Game Rules. Some of the features might not be available based on limitations in current jurisdiction. Autoplay Settings Number of spins: the number of auto spins to perform. Autoplay can be stopped at any moment. Stop on any feature: If enabled, the autoplay will be stopped upon hitting a Bonus feature, depending on the game played. Loss limit: The autoplay will be stopped if the total loss during autoplay exceeds the selected value. Loss is calculated as the difference between bets placed and the total win collected during the autoplay session. Stop on single win above: The autoplay will stop if a single game win exceeds the selected value during the autoplay. Available autoplay settings depend on the jurisdiction. Last modification date: 1/6/2026