Pick 6 Bingo Game Rules Tickets The bet per 6 number ticket is fixed at 1.00. The player may create up to 10 tickets per draw. Each ticket must be banked to be included in the draw. At least 1 ticket must be banked before the draw can begin. All banked tickets can be reviewed, shuffled or deleted prior to the draw. Tickets cannot be changed or removed once the draw has started. Picking Numbers Tickets are completed by picking numbers from the number grid. If the current ticket is complete the player can: Bank the ticket. Continue selecting numbers. Each new number will replace the first number selected. Increase the numbers available for the active ticket. Press the shuffle button. Random Selection The numbers on each ticket can be randomised using the shuffle button. The shuffle button will automatically complete an incomplete ticket. The player may re-shuffle indefinitely prior to the draw (If the ticket is banked it is possible to re-shuffle the numbers via the review screen). Perms Up to 9 numbers can be added to each individual ticket. The bet value per 7 number ticket is fixed at 7.00. The bet value per 8 number ticket is fixed at 28.00. The bet value per 9 number ticket is fixed at 84.00. Multiple wins will be given for each matching number above the first 6 numbers. The Draw The play button will begin the draw immediately. Once the draw has started, it cannot be stopped until the full game has played out. No prize is displayed for the first 5 balls. Any matching numbers are highlighted in yellow. The 6 th ball is the first prize ball drawn. Any wins will be highlighted on the grid when the 6 th , 7 th , 8 th or 9 th number is marked on any ticket in play. The prize will be reduced for every ball drawn in accordance with the prize table. The draw will only continue whilst tickets remain in play. Up to 36 balls will be drawn. Any ticket that fails to match 6 numbers is deemed to be a losing ticket. Multipliers Between 1 and 3 multipliers of up to x10k are added to random positions on the draw grid before the first number is drawn. If a winning number is drawn on a position that contains a multiplier, the standard win is multiplied by that amount. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. This game has a theoretical return to player of 92.00%. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. ©2019 Probability Jones Limited. All rights reserved. All other trademarks used herein are owned by Probability Jones Limited and may not be used without permission. Last modification date: 6/8/2020