Tomb of the King FULL GAME RULES Tomb of the King is a 5-reel, 3 row video slot. The game is played with 10 bet lines (fixed), orientated from left to right. The Book symbol acts as both a wild symbol and a scatter symbol. As a wild symbol, the Book can substitute for any other reel symbol to help form winning combinations. As a scatter symbol, three or more Books that appear in any positions on any reels result in a prize. In addition, 10 free spins are awarded. On any free spin, three scattered Books will extend the free-spin sequence by an additional 10 free spins! Before a free spin sequence begins, an ordinary symbol is randomly chosen to act as a special expanding symbol during the entire free-spin sequence. After prizes for regular winning combinations have been recognized, the special symbol may expand to cover all three positions on its reel. The special symbol will expand only when additional prizes can be awarded along pay-lines for winning combinations. Expanded symbols do not need to appear adjacent to each other to result in a winning combination. The game also features an optional Gamble round that provides an opportunity to multiply the total prize on any spin in the main game by correctly guessing the colour or suit of a hidden card. The Gamble round can be played up to five times in a row. All wins multiplied by bet staked per line except for SCATTERS. All wins pay left to right except SCATTERS which pay any. Only highest win paid per line. AUTO PLAY Auto play plays the game automatically for the number of game rounds selected in the SPIN OPTIONS menu. Selecting Turbo will enable fast play. Selecting Super Turbo will enable even faster play and auto-skips all animations except big win or feature. To use autoplay, simply select the number of auto-spins you desire by selecting number. Then choose a total loss limit and then press the button to CONFIRM and start spins. You may also choose to stop the autoplay if your single spin win exceeds a particular amount. HOW TO PLAY Select your bet amount Press the Spin button to start game Press the Spin Options menu button to customise your spin experience Press the bet control buttons to increase or decrease your bet Press the Menu button to access game settings Press the return button to return to main game RETURN TO PLAYER The overall theoretical return to player is 96.5%. GAME SETTINGS Game Sounds - Turn the sounds on or off. Pay Table - Find out how much each symbol pays out, explanations of the game features, and information on the paylines. Game Rules - Opens the rules of the game. auto play DEMO PLAY The Operator's Demo Mode games are a sample of the Play for Real version. They play with the exact same rules and random number generator. Demo Mode versions of games allow you to play for ‘fun money’ that has no financial value. GAMING SYSTEM MALFUNCTION The Operator reserves the right to withhold winnings and void wagers if a Player manipulates the games in a fraudulent manner or the Gaming System itself malfunctions. The definition of such a malfunction extends to an error in the published odds or pay tables, or a game not working in accordance with its published rules. INTERRUPTED GAMES If an interrupted game is not completed within 1 day(s), it shall end. Any accumulated winnings that are linked to the interrupted game will be awarded. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000