Rio Riches Game Features Bonus Prizes The Grand Bonus is awarded when 'Beach' appears in all positions on reels 1, 2, 4 and 5 and 'Golden Beach' appears in all positions on reel 3. The Major Bonus is awarded when ' Beach ' appears in all positions on all reels. The Maxi Bonus is awarded when ' Beach ' appears in all positions on reels 1, 2, 3 and 4. The Minor Bonus is awarded when ' Beach ' appears in all positions on reels 1, 2 and 3. The Mini Bonus is awarded when ' Beach ' appears in all positions on reels 1 and 2. Only one highest paying bonus is awarded. Awards 'Golden Beach' substitutes for 'Beach' only. 'Golden Beach' appears on reel 3 only and appears during paid games and Bonus Spin only. If 'Golden Beach' substitutes in a line win the pay for that line win is multiplied by 2. Free Spins Any 3 or more scatters trigger 10 free games. During the Stacked Up Feature, reels may randomly be transformed to Wild. If that reel contains a scatter, it would be transformed to Wild Scatter. 5 additional free games are triggered and additional 30 Lines are activated by the 1st occurrence of any 3 or more scatters. 2 additional free games are triggered and additional 30 Lines are activated by the 2nd occurrence of any 3 or more scatters. Then any subsequent occurrence of 3 or more scatters would trigger 2 additional free games. Bonus Spin During paid games, the Bonus Spin is triggered if 'Beach' appears in all positions on reels 1 and 2, except when Grand or Major bonus prize is awarded. During the Bonus Spin, all reels from the game which triggered the Bonus Spin are respun once only except those reels which have 'Beach' or 'Golden Beach' appearing in all positions. Win Lines Scatters pay in any position. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels, except scatters and Bonuses. All wins on lit lines only except scatters and Bonuses. Highest win only on each line except scatters and Bonuses. All wins are added. The game has a return to player of 94.08%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 6/8/2020