Bird Jewelled Game Rules Bird Jewelled is a chain reactor game played on an 8x8 game grid and features a custom PORTAL symbol feature. Bonus EGGS can trigger a second screen ‘Player Pick’ bonus game at one of three possible levels. Any cluster of three or more matching BIRD symbols are added into its related collection meter. A win is triggered whenever a collection meter is filled completely during a single game cycle. Any collection meter can be filled multiple times during a single game cycle. Each fill of a collection meter will award the related prize. BIRD symbol wins are made according to the PAYTABLE. A symbol is part of a cluster if it lands horizontally or vertically adjacent to a matching symbol. The minimum valid cluster of any symbol is three-of-a-kind. Valid symbol clusters are removed from the game grid to create empty spaces, which the symbols above fall into. Game ends when no valid clusters or portals remain on the game grid. All symbol meters are reset to zero ahead of each new game. Portal Symbol Feature The PORTAL feature is triggered the first time no valid symbol cluster is formed after the game grid has been populated. Four PORTAL symbols are randomly overlaid onto existing symbols at least 1 position from the edge of the grid and no less than 3 positions from one another. The Player spins the PORTAL reel to reveal either one of the seven regular BIRD symbols or one of three special JEWEL symbols. Any BIRD symbol revealed on the PORTAL reel is subsequently cloned to all visible PORTAL symbols. Any PORTAL symbol that forms a valid cluster remains in-play. After any valid clusters have been evaluated the successful PORTALS are re-deployed at random. Any PORTAL that does NOT form a valid cluster is removed from the game grid. JEWEL symbols will not be cloned to the PORTAL symbols. Coloured JEWEL symbols remove all instances of BIRD symbols of the same colour from the game grid. The horizontal JEWEL is cloned to a randomly selected position on the game grid and removes all symbols from that row. The vertical JEWEL is cloned to a randomly selected position on the game grid and removes all symbols from that column. Any BIRD symbols removed by a JEWEL symbol are added into the corresponding collection meter. PORTAL symbols will re-direct the effects of a horizontal or vertical JEWEL symbol perpendicular to its current course. Any PORTAL symbol unaffected by a horizontal or vertical JEWEL symbol is removed from the game grid. The original symbol overlaid by the JEWEL symbol is restored. Player Pick Bonus Game Cluster of 3x RED EGG symbols triggers LEVEL 1 Bonus Game. Cluster of 3x GOLD EGG symbols triggers LEVEL 2 Bonus Game. Cluster of 3x BLACK EGG symbols triggers LEVEL 3 Bonus Game. LEVEL 1 guarantees a win of either one or all of four of the lowest-ranking BIRD symbol meter prizes carried over from the base game. LEVEL 2 guarantees a win of either one or all of four randomly selected BIRD symbol meter prizes carried over from the base game. LEVEL 3 guarantees a win of either one or all of four of the highest-ranking BIRD symbol meter prizes carried over from the base game. BONUS trigger immediately transitions play from the base game to the ‘Player Pick’ bonus screen. Player picks from fifteen visible EGG symbols in any order to reveal either one of four possible BIRD symbols or a special TROPHY symbol. Bonus prize is awarded for the first three matching symbols revealed. Three matching BIRD symbols awards the prize shown on its related collection meter. Three matching TROPHY symbols awards the TOTAL prize of ALL collection meters. Once a bonus has been won, play resumes in the base game at the point at which the bonus game was triggered. The bonus game can be retriggered without limit during a single game cycle. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. This game has a theoretical return to player of 92.00%. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. ©2019 Probability Jones Limited. All rights reserved. All other trademarks used herein are owned by Probability Jones Limited and may not be used without permission.