Tiger Claws About the game Tiger Claws is a 3x5 reel 243 ways video slot featuring Free Spins and Progressive Jackpots Theoretical payout is 96.33% The number of Ways Pays used in the game is fixed at 243. Game Features Double Tiger Symbols There are 4 types of TIGER SYMBOLS: WHITE TIGER, COUGAR, JAGUAR, BENGAL TIGER. Each TIGER SYMBOL has a corresponding DOUBLE TIGER symbol that is marked with a “2X”. Each DOUBLE TIGER counts as 2 of the corresponding TIGER SYMBOL in the in matching pay combinations in each column in which it appears. WILD Symbols WILD Symbol is wild and substitutes for all other symbols except BONUS TRIGGER symbol and 2X WILD. It counts as 1 matching symbol in pay combinations. 2X WILD Symbol is wild and substitutes for all other symbols except BONUS TRIGGER symbol and 2X WILD. It counts as 2 matching symbols in pay combinations in each column in which it appears. FREE SPINS 3 or more BONUS symbols in any position initiate the Free Spins. 5 BONUS symbols award 15 free spins. 4 BONUS symbols award 12 free spins. 3 BONUS symbols award 8 initial free spins. During free spins WILD symbols are replaced with 2X WILD symbols. During Free Spins, additional free spins may be awarded according to the win combinations above. Additionally, during Free Spins, 2 BONUS symbols in any position award 3 extra free spins. BONUS JACKPOTS The game has 3 bonus jackpot levels: Silver, Gold, and Platinum. When a player wins a Bonus Jackpot he or she is awarded the value displayed on the interface for the level of bonus jackpot won at the time that it is won. For every bet placed, each Bonus Jackpot increases in proportion to the total bet placed. The value of each Bonus Jackpot is saved between different sessions for a single player and is saved distinctly for each player. If any combination of 12 or more WHITE TIGER and WILD Symbols land on one spin player wins the Platinum Level Progressive Jackpot; If any combination of 10 or more WHITE TIGER and WILD Symbols land on one spin player wins the Gold Level Progressive Jackpot; If any combination of 8 or more WHITE TIGER and WILD Symbols land on one spin player wins Silver Level Progressive Jackpot. DOUBLE WHITE TIGER symbol and 2X WILD symbols count as 2 symbols each. Platinum Bonus Jackpot Seed: 1000x bet; Player contribution: 1% of total bet Gold Bonus Jackpot Seed: 50x bet; Player contribution: 0.75% of total bet Silver Bonus Jackpot Seed: 10x bet; Player contribution: 1.5% of total bet. Only the highest winner is paid. Ways Pays For Ways Pays, winning combinations are paid for symbols appearing in any position on consecutive columns from left to right. Only the highest matching combination for each symbol is paid. How to play Video slots are very easy to play. Just follow the 3 steps: Choose your total bet Press the SPIN symbol button Check for any win in the WIN field Description of game functionality Bet The Total bet is shown in the BET display. On desktop, change the bet by clicking on the display and choosing the total bet of your choice, or using the BET UP or BET DOWN indicators to increase or descrease your bet, respectively. On mobile, change the bet by touching the BET icon on the display and choosing the total bet of your choice. Spin The game is started by pressing the SPIN symbol button. You can Quick Stop the game by clicking (for desktop displays) or touching (for touch-enabled displays) anywhere on the play screen. Pressing the SPACE key on a keyboard has the same function as pressing the SPIN button. Win Any total win in a game round will be displayed in the WIN field. Symbol pays are displayed in the paytable, and reflects the current bet configuration. Paytable All winning combinations in the game can be viewed in the PAYTABLE which can be reached through the "i" button in the keypad. Autoplay Using Autoplay will let you play a number of game rounds automatically. Press AUTOPLAY and choose a number of game rounds to initiate Autoplay. The remaining number of spins is displayed in the keypad. Autoplay is stopped by pressing the STOP button. The autoplay settings allow the player to set number of plays, total session lost limit, and single win limit. Autoplay will stop when any of the selected limits are exceeded. Access the CLIENT SETTINGS by clicking (on desktop) or touching (on touch-enabled displays) the SETTINGS ICON. If the HOME symbol button is displayed, then pressing it redirects back to the game lobby. On the game display access CLIENT SETTINGS by tapping the SETTINGS ICON. In SETTINGS, SOUND selection allows you to choose if the game should play sounds and music. In SETTINGS, MUSIC selection allows you to choose if the game will play background music. In SETTINGS, REPLAY will take you to game play history. In SETTINGS, "i" icon accesses game PAYTABLE. The "?" Symbol opens GAME RULES. Malfunction in the game voids all pays. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 6/9/2020