Mystery Museum Uncover the secrets of the past when venturing through the Mystery Museum. BASE GAME A 5x3 slot with 10 paylines that takes players on a mysterious tour of a museum that’s filled with historic artefacts and stories of the past. BASE GAME – POWER GAMBLE FEATURE Among all the relics in the museum, lies a new feature that’s never been seen before in any of our games – the thrilling power gamble! Guaranteed to give players more excitement and anticipation, this feature can be triggered by all wins of more than 2x. The default setting is at 5x, and players can choose to configure this to suit their preferences should they wish. Any win over the chosen amount will activate the feature. Once in the feature, players are able to choose between three different gamble options which can help them progress to the free games bonus, or else get a larger cash win. Players who dare take a riskier gamble, will progress up the meter faster and enjoy the prizes even sooner! Those who are successful in getting to the top, and therefore having collected at least 100x the original stake in wins, are then given the option to exchange for the free games bonus . Any other winnings that are remaining, will be banked. All winnings can be collected at any time during the feature. BASE GAME – NUDGE AND REVEAL MYSTERY STACKS FEATURE The museum gets even more mysterious when the light shines through the stained glass windows that behave as mystery stacks. When 3 of these land anywhere on the reels, the nudge and reveal feature is triggered. This will cause the stacks to nudge into position to cover the full reel, and guarantee a payout regardless of where they appear. Winning combinations can be 3, 4 or 5-of-a-kind , depending on how many stacks have landed. A 5-of-a-kind, of any premium symbol, will pay out anywhere from 100x to a historic 500x per line! While venturing through the museum, players should watch out for the impressive samurai symbols that act as both a wild and a scatter. If 3 or more of these are spotted anywhere on the reels, they will be taken through to the free games . The number of free spins awarded will depend on how many wild samurai symbols have landed on the reels. 3 wild samurai symbols = 8 free spins 4 wild samurai symbols = 10 free spins 5 wild samurai symbols = 12 free spins FREE GAMES Even more excitement and wins can be enjoyed during this part of the museum! Unlike in the base game, every mystery stack that lands, will trigger the nudge and reveal feature. Here. symbols will only be revealed if there is a chance of a win. The stacks are also sticky so they will stay in place on the reels throughout the remainder of the feature. The maximum win from a single game is £ 175,000. RTP 96.58%. Last modification date: 9/2/2020