Way Out Wilds GAME RULES • Malfunction voids all pays and play • Select Bet Multiplier • Click the Spin button to spin the reel. • Line wins must appear on played lines. • During the free games, line win symbols must appear on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel, or ending with the rightmost reel. • Only the highest win is paid on each line. • Line wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier. • Scatter symbols award in any position on the reels. • Only the highest win is paid for each scatter symbol combination. • Wild Symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols except the Free Games Bonus symbol. • 1 Wild Symbol substitutes for 1 High Pay 1 symbol, 1 High Pay 2 symbol, High Pay 3 symbol, High Pay 4 symbol, High Pay 5, symbol, Low Pay 1 symbol, Low Pay 2 symbol, Low Pay 3 symbol, Low Pay 4 symbol, or Low Pay 5 symbol. • 1 Double Wild Symbol substitutes for 2 High Pay 1 symbols, 2 High Pay 2 symbols, 2 High Pay 3 symbols, 2 High Pay 4 symbols, 2 High Pay 5, symbols, 2 Low Pay 1 symbols, 2 Low Pay 2 symbols, 2 Low Pay 3 symbols, 2 Low Pay 4 symbols, or 2 Low Pay 5 symbols. • 1 Triple Wild Symbol substitutes for 3 High Pay 1 symbols, 3 High Pay 2 symbols, 3 High Pay 3 symbols, 3 High Pay 4 symbols, 3 High Pay 5, symbols, 3 Low Pay 1 symbols, 3 Low Pay 2 symbols, 3 Low Pay 3 symbols, 3 Low Pay 4 symbols, or 3 Low Pay 5 symbols. • Wild Symbol appears only on reels 4 and 5. • During the base game, any Wild symbol that lands on the anywhere on the reels locks in place. Any locked Wild symbols on the reels upgrade to Double Wild symbols on the subsequent spin. Any locked Double Wild symbols on the reels upgrade to Triple Wild symbols on the subsequent spin. Any locked Triple Wild symbols on the reels disappear on the subsequent spin. Placing a bet with a different bet multiplier than the previous bet multiplier removes all locked Wild, Double Wild, and Triple Wild symbols from the reels. The theoretical return to player of this game is 95.0% Free Games Rules • 3 Free Games Bonus symbols appearing anywhere on reels 2, 3, and 4 starts the Free Games Bonus. • Free Games Bonus front appearing on Wild Single, Wild Double or Wild Triple symbols substitutes for Free Games Bonus for purposes of triggering the bonus. • Awards 6 free games. • Free Games Bonus symbol only appears on reels 2, 3, and 4. • Free Games Bonus back and Free Games Bonus Front are scatter symbols. • 1 Free Games Wild Symbol substitutes for 1 Free Games High Pay 1 symbol, 1 Free Games High Pay 2 symbol, Free Games High Pay 3 symbol, Free Games High Pay 4 symbol, Free Games High Pay 5, symbol, Free Games Low Pay 1 symbol, Free Games Low Pay 2 symbol, Free Games Low Pay 3 symbol, Free Games Low Pay 4 symbol, or Free Games Low Pay 5 symbol. • 1 Free Games Double Wild Symbol substitutes for 2 Free Games High Pay 1 symbols, 2 Free Games High Pay 2 symbols, 2 Free Games High Pay 3 symbols, 2 Free Games High Pay 4 symbols, 2 Free Games High Pay 5, symbols, 2 Free Games Low Pay 1 symbols, 2 Free Games Low Pay 2 symbols, 2 Free Games Low Pay 3 symbols, 2 Free Games Low Pay 4 symbols, or 2 Free Games Low Pay 5 symbols. • 1 Free Games Triple Wild Symbol substitutes for 3 Free Games High Pay 1 symbols, 3 Free Games High Pay 2 symbols, 3 Free Games High Pay 3 symbols, 3 Free Games High Pay 4 symbols, 3 Free Games High Pay 5, symbols, 3 Free Games Low Pay 1 symbols, 3 Free Games Low Pay 2 symbols, 3 Free Games Low Pay 3 symbols, 3 Free Games Low Pay 4 symbols, or 3 Free Games Low Pay 5 symbols. • During the Free Games Bonus, any Free Games Wild symbol that lands anywhere on the reels locks in place. Any locked Free Games Wild symbols on the reels upgrade to Free Games Double Wild symbols on the subsequent spin. Any locked Free Games Double Wild symbols on the reels upgrade to Free Games Triple Wild symbols on the subsequent spin. Any locked Free Games Triple Wild symbols on the reels will remain on the reels until the bonus has completed. • Different reels are used during the Free Games Bonus. • Free games are automatically played on the same lines at the same bet multiplier as the game that initiated the Free Games Bonus. • Additional free games cannot be awarded during the Free Games Bonus. • The Free Games Bonus ends when 0 free games remain. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 6/9/2020