Barbarian Fury 1.1 Game Features XNUDGE ROARING WILD A 4-row high Wild symbol exists on reel 2, 3 and 4 and will always nudge to fully visible. Each nudge increases the Wild multiplier by 1. Several Wild multipliers add to each other for a total Wild multiplier on the line win. BARBARIAN RESPIN Landing 3 or more of the same barbarian may trigger a Barbarian Respin. When Barbarian Respin is triggered the barbarians will nudge to fully visible and lock for a respin. Wilds will also lock and be present in the respin. The feature can be triggered in main game and Fury Spins. FURY SPINS Landing 3 or more Scatters will trigger Fury Spins. The Wild multiplier becomes sticky and will not reset between spins. The number of spins awarded is based on the number of nudges for the Scatter to nudge out of the bottom of the reel area, each nudge awards a spin. In Fury Spins the Barbarian Respin is guaranteed when landing 3 or more of the same barbarian. Landing Scatter will award extra spins decided by the number of nudges downwards it takes to nudge the symbol out of the reel area. Game Rules • Barbarian Fury is a video slot with 3 features: xNudge Roaring Wild, Barbarian Respin and Fury Spins. • A 5-reel, 4-row video slot with 10 symbols. • 25 win lines (see pay table for more info). • A Wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except Scatter. • A Wild symbol substitutes for the highest possible winning combination according to the pay table. • A winning combination pays from left to right. • Coinciding wins on multiple combinations are paid out. • The highest win per activated win line is paid. • Winning combinations and pays are made according to the pay table. • Diferent reel confgurations are used, depending on the game mode (main game or any of the bonus modes). • The theoretical return to the player for this game is 96.06%. • The theoretical return to the player for Fury Spin feature buy is 96.32%. • A malfunction voids all winnings. • Malfunction in gaming hardware/software; all afected bets are refunded. • All game states will be saved for 6 months. • Autoplay automatically plays the game for selected number of rounds or when any of the advanced autoplay setting criterias are fulflled. • When changing autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take efect upon completion of the game round or feature. • Some autoplay features may be mandatory for some jurisdictions. The maximum win from a single game is £500k Last modification date: 6/3/2020