Britain's Got Winners Lights, Camera, Spin! Welcome to Britain’s Got Winners! Are you ready to take to the stage for a game filled with bonus prizes and big wins! There are 15 dazzling locked win lines to hopefully spin in a win, as well as fabulous free spins and a Pick a Winner mini-Game that guarantees you a multiplier win every time! Are you ready for that winning spin? Wild Symbols Horseshoes are usually seen as a symbol of luck, and here in this superstar slots game they’re even more important, as this is our wondrous Wild symbol! This nifty little horseshoe can take the place of other symbols to help you create a winning combination. For example, if you spun in two 10’s on a win line, you’d probably be disheartened, but if there’s a Wild symbol next to this combination on a win line, then your spirits will be lifted and that becomes a multiplier win of 3 x 10 symbols! Even though Wilds enhance your performance, unfortunately they can’t guarantee that you’ll make it through to a winning round, and they also can’t take the place of Free Spins or Mini-Game symbols. Pick a Winner Mini-Game In our Pick a Winner mini-game, it’s time for you to take the judges seat! If you spin in 1, 2, 3, 4 or 5 red X’s anywhere on the reels, then it’s your time to shine! The category you can pick your bonus prize from depends on how many X’s you spin in, and if you enter with all 5 you are guaranteed a multiplier win of x2500! Once you’ve entered the mini-game you will be faced with a multitude of hidden prizes! The category that you can pick from will be highlighted and then it’s all down to you, pick from the options shown and your multiplier prize will be revealed! Once you’ve collected your prize, you will return back to the main reels’to try land yourself another winning act! Free Spins What could make becoming a superstar even better? Free spins of course! If you spin in 3, 4 or 5 Free Spins symbols anywhere on screen you will be awarded 5, 6 or 7 free spins respectively. As a thank you for auditioning, these spins are on us, but they are locked to the value of your last paid for spin. What’s more, any Free Spins symbols that appear whilst in free spins mode will award you with an additional free spin! GAME INFORMATION RTP: 97.52% Volatility: very low Min Bet: 0.15 Default Bet: 0.15 Max Bet: 450 Reels: 3x5 Lines: 15 Fixed Technology: HTML5 Channel: Mobile & Desktop Game Version : 1.0.0 Last modification date: 12/1/2020