Harlequin Carnival Game Features HARLEQUIN XNUDGE WILD A 3-row high Wild symbol exists on reel 2, 3 and 4 and will always nudge to fully visible. Each nudge increases the Wild multiplier by 1. Several Wild multipliers add to each other for a total Wild multiplier on the line win. Landing a Harlequin xNudge Wild activates the Harlequin Respin. HARLEQUIN RESPIN All Harlequin xNudge Wilds will walk to the left and award a respin on all other reels, until it reaches the frst reel. Additional Harlequin xNudge Wilds may land during the respin. In Harlequin Spins the multiplier will also increase by 1 for each step to the left. Collect 3 Bonus symbols in Harlequin Respins to activate Harlequin Bonus. HARLEQUIN BONUS Collect 3 Bonus symbols to activate 8 Harlequin Bonus spins. Bonus symbols may be collected during Harlequin Respin or just land straight away on a spin in main game. A guaranteed Harlequin xNudge Wild will instantly activate on reel 5 with a x3 multiplier, and award Harlequin Respins on its walk toward reel 1. Each step increase the multiplier by 1, to a maximum of x7. Bonus symbols acts as Wild during Harlequin Bonus, , and awards +1 spin each. Collect 3 Bonus symbols to activate another Harlequin xNudge Wild on reel 5. Game Rules Harlequin Carnival is a video slot with 3 features: Harlequin xNudge Wild, Harlequin Respin and Harlequin Bonus. A 5-reel, 3-row video slot with 12 symbols. 20 win lines (see pay table for more info). A Wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except Bonus. A Wild symbol substitutes for the highest possible winning combination according to the pay table. A winning combination pays from left to right. Coinciding wins on multiple combinations are paid out. The highest win per activated win line is paid. Winning combinations and pays are made according to the pay table. Diferent reel confgurations are used, depending on the game mode (main game or any of the bonus modes). The theoretical return to the player for this game is 96.14% The theoretical return to the player for Harlequin Bonus feature buy is 96.21% A malfunction voids all winnings. Malfunction in gaming hardware/software; all afected bets are refunded. All game states will be saved for 6 months. Autoplay automatically plays the game for selected number of rounds or when any of the advanced autoplay setting criterias are fulflled. When changing autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take efect upon completion of the game round or feature. Some autoplay features may be mandatory for some jurisdictions. When playing with Cryptocurrency, unfnished game rounds and states will automatically reset after 24 hours. Any accumulated wins during this round will be paid out. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 6/5/2020