Books and Temples Prepare to go on an adventurous trip to Ancient Egypt and discover the legendary treasure of the Pharaoh. Find the holy temple and the book of Horus, both award you handsomely with free games. In the book of Horus you will discover the secret of the bonus symbols. Climb the stairs to the temple and win the favour of the falcon god, he will upgrade your symbols and reward you with even more free games. Game Reels: 5 Paylines: 5/10 selectable "Book" is Wild and substitutes for all symbols except Scatters and bonus symbols in free games feature. "Horus" is Wild and substitutes for all symbols except Scatters and bonus symbols in free games feature. "Horus" is Expanding Wild and expands on the reel. "Book" is Scatter. "Temple" is Scatter. Free games type A 10 free games are triggered by 3/4/5 "Book". During free games feature it is possible to trigger additional free games. The free games feature starts with the draw of a bonus symbol. Every symbol except "Book" is able to become bonus symbol. In case of retriggering freegames there is not a new draw of bonus symbol. When at least 2 or 3 bonus symbols occur on different reels (depending on the symbol, a win has to be formed), after the win evaluation of the normal line wins the reels with bonus symbols are stamped to full bonus symbol reels. The bonus symbols are evaluated as Scatter-on-win-line. Free games type B 12 free games are triggered by 3/4/5 "Temple". During free games feature it is possible to trigger additional free games. 1/3/12 additional free games are triggered by 1/2/3 "Horus". "Horus" upgrades symbols. Each visible "Horus" during free games, updates the actual lowest high value symbol to the next higher one by replacing the symbols on the reel with the higher symbol. Gamble Card gamble The card gamble can be entered by clicking the gamble button with the cards symbol. The win can be gambled by betting on the of the next card. If the of the drawn card matches the choice, the win is doubled. In case the s don’t match, the risked win is lost. Ladder gamble The ladder gamble can be entered by clicking the gamble button with the ladder symbol. In case of win, you will land on the highlighted step above your current one, in case of loss on the highlighted lower one. Gambling is not possible for high wins or in autoplay mode. Rules All wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right for identical symbols on adjacent reels. All wins count on payed lines only. Wins on different lines are added. Only the highest win counts on each line. Scatters pay in any position. Scatter wins are added to line wins. Only the highest Scatter win counts. Free games are free-to-play. Bet per line and lines played are the same as in the spin that triggered the free games feature. Reel strips during free games are different to the reel strips during paid games. Return to Player (RTP) This game has a return to player 96.10%. This RTP represents the long term theoretical game payout. Wins and winning combinations are shown in the paytable. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Operation In general TOTAL BET increase/decrease bet LINES increase/decrease number of lines MAX BET maximum bet and number of lines SPIN total bet is deducted from balance, reels start to spin during a spin: reels stop immediately STOP reels stop immediately AUTO reels spin automatically AUTO OFF stops automatic reel spin CARD GAMBLE gamble win in card gamble LADDER GAMBLE gamble win in ladder gamble TAKE WIN take the win, win is booked to balance MENU setting options and information HOME back to the main screen Free games STOP stops countdown for automatic free games entry (if game has free games), free games have to be started manually Card gamble RED gambles on red BLACK gambles on black SPLIT collect half of the win, the second half can still be gambled Ladder gamble GAMBLE STEP gambles on the next step Menu +/- increase/decrease bet and if applicable number of lines PAYTABLE display of winning combinations INFO "i" rules SETTINGS more setting options SOUND turn sound on/off Settings 1 TURBO SPIN reels spin faster 1 AUTOMATIC FREE GAMES ENTRY free games start after countdown (if game has free games) 1 LEFT HAND MODE user interface for left-handers (only mobile) Paylines Last modification date: 6/4/2020