Triple Stones TRIPLE STONES™ is a 3-reel, 3-row classic stepper online slot game featuring Wild Multipliers and the TRIPLE STONES™ Free Spins Feature. Base Game RTP is 96.21%. RTP for the Buy Free Spins Feature is 96.29%. All RTPs represent the long term theoretical payback. Minimum bet: $0.50. Maximum bet: $100.00. The game is always played on fixed 5 lines. For Free Spins with Double Reels Feature triggered the game is played on two independent, identical reel sets. Each winning combination is made up of only one symbol from each reel. All wins pay left to right on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel except for combinations of wild symbols which pay at any positions. Each symbol can be used only once per winning combination. Highest win only for each winning combination. Wins on different combinations are added. All wins shown in currency. Jackpot values are proportional to the selected bet and displayed as such. Game outcome is random and cannot be influenced by the actions of the player. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Wild Symbols Wild Symbols substitute for all symbols except Diamond Scatters, Jackpot, Minor, Major, Grand and other Wilds. 3 types of Wild symbols may land on the reels in all features: - does not multiply wins. - appears on all reels - multiplies wins for combinations that it's a part of by 2. - appears on the leftmost and rightmost reel. - multiplies wins for combinations that it's a part of by 5. - appears on the middle reel only. Multiple Wild symbols may land in a single spin. Total win multiplier is the product of all Wilds multipliers. For example, for a spin with winning BAR symbol, 'x2' Wild and 'x5' Wild, an applicable line win is multiplied by 10. Combinations of 1, 2 and 3 Wild symbols have their own separate pays listed in the paytable and are not multiplied. TRIPLE STONES™ Free Spins Feature TRIPLE STONES™ Free Spins Feature consists of 7 initial Free Spins with additional features depending on triggering DIAMOND symbols. Any combination of RED DIAMOND, BLUE DIAMOND and VIOLET DIAMOND may trigger the Free Spins Feature. When Free Spins are triggered, each DIAMOND SYMBOLS on the reels grants the corresponding Bonus Feature. Triggering the Free Spins with RED DIAMOND awards 7 Additional Free Spins Triggering the Free Spins with BLUE DIAMOND awards Jackpot Spins with a chance to get one a jackpot award. Triggering the Free Spins with VIOLET DIAMOND awards Double Reels with additional identical set of reels in play. Features can be combined. For example, triggering TRIPLE STONES™ Free Spins Feature with Red & Blue Diamonds awards 14 Free Spins in total with Jackpot symbols added to the reels. It is not possible to land two or more DIAMOND symbols of the same kind during one spin. Free Spins are triggered on random, diamonds presented above the game reels do not represent actual chances of hitting the Free Spins Feature. TRIPLE STONES™ Free Spins Feature uses separate 2 sets of reels: one for features without jackpots and another if Jackpot Spins are triggered. DIAMOND symbols do not appear on the reels during free spins. The feature ends once no Free Spins remain. All the wins collected during the FREE SPINS are summed up and presented as the total feature win at the end of the TRIPLE STONES™ Free Spins Feature. Jackpots 3 Jackpot levels are available in Triple Stones™ - Minor, Major and Grand. All Jackpots are non-progressive. Jackpot values: MINOR = 25 x base bet MAJOR = 100 x base bet GRAND = 1000 x base bet To hit a jackpot, you need to hit 2 scattered Jackpot Symbols on the leftmost and middle reel and one of the following symbols on the rightmost reel - Minor, Major or Grand. The type of the Jackpot Symbol on the rightmost reel determines the type of Jackpot won. The Jackpots can be hit in the Free Spins Feature with Jackpot Spins triggered only. Multiple jackpots can be hit over the course of single TRIPLE STONES™ Free Spins Feature. Game Operation Spin Button: click to initiate a game round at the currently selected bet. Clicking the button during spins, feature summaries and feature animations fast-forwards them. Spacebar can be used in the desktop version of the game to perform spins. Bet Button: click to select the base bet. Press ‘+’ to increase the base bet. Press ‘-’ to decrease the base bet. Autoplay Button: Click to open the autoplay menu. Pays Button: click to open the Pays section. Settings Button: click to access game settings and the detailed Game Rules. Buy Free Spins button: Allows triggering the Triple Stones™ Free Spin Feature instantly for an additional fee. Some of the features might not be available based on limitations in current jurisdiction. Buy Free Spins Feature Player can trigger a single spin on an alternate set of reels which guarantees triggering TRIPLE STONES™ Free Spins Feature. The Feature can be started by clicking the Buy Free Spins button and confirming the choice. The triggering spin results in a random combination of landing , and symbols and starting of the Free Spins feature with corresponding bonus features. Cost of the Buy Free Spins is 30 times bet. The cost is deducted from the available balance. Payouts for the TRIPLE STONES™ Free Spins Feature correspond to the base bet that the Buy Free Spins Feature was initiated for. Buy Free Spins Feature is available only if there's no game round currently in progress. Autoplay Settings Number of spins: the number of auto spins to perform. Autoplay can be stopped at any moment Stop on any feature: If enabled, the autoplay will be stopped upon hitting a Bonus feature, depending on the game played Loss limit: The autoplay will be stopped if the total loss during autoplay exceeds the selected value. Loss is calculated as the difference between bets placed and the total win collected during the autoplay session. Stop on single win above: The autoplay will stop if a single game win exceeds the selected value during the autoplay. Available autoplay settings depend on the jurisdiction. Last modification date: 7/12/2024