Wild Fire Riches How to play LINES : Increase or decrease the number of LINES’ by clicking on the +’ or - button. BET : Increase or decrease the BET’ by clicking on the +’ or - button. The TOTAL BET’ is the BET’ multiplied by the number of LINES’. GAME HISTORY : This can be viewed by clicking on the clock’ button. RESULT : Any wins indicated by the highlighted lines and symbols animating wherever applicable. Wins are shown in the message box. AUTO : Click on the AUTO’ button and use the +’ or - button to select the number of games to auto play. Click on SPIN’ to initiate auto play. Number of auto play games remaining is displayed. During auto play, the SPIN’ button becomes a STOP’ button. Select this button to stop auto play once the current spin is complete. The game rules are identical in both real and demo play modes. The player is responsible for checking the correct bet has been registered before commencing play. Malfunction Voids all Pays and Plays. Game Rules Diamond’ substitutes for all symbols except Wild Fire Riches’, Wild Fire Riches Wild’ and “Whopper Wild’. Diamond’ appears on reels 2,3, 4 and 5 only during paid games. Wild Fire Riches’ and Wild Fire Riches Wild’ are scatters. Whooper Wild’ appears during paid games only. Whooper Wild’ appears on reel 3 only. When Whopper Wild’ appears anywhere on reel 3, all game symbols on reels 3, 4 and 5 are replaced by Diamond’ except Wild Fire Riches’ which is replaced by Wild Fire Riches Wild’. Wild Fire Riches Wild’ substitutes for all symbols except “Whooper Wild’. Wild Fire Riches Wild’ appears during paid games only. Wild Fire Riches Wild’ appears on reels 4 and 5 only. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reel, except scatters. Scatters pay in any position. All wins on lit lines only except scatters. Highest win only on each line. Scatter wins and line win are added. Wins on different lines are added. The game has a return to player of 94.13% Free Games Feature: 8 free games are triggered by any 3 or more scatters. Reels 1 and 2 expand to nine positions and reels 3, 4 and 5 expand to twelve positions. During the Free Games Feature, Wild Fire Riches’ appears on reels 3, 4 and 5 only. During the Free Games Feature, any 3 scattered Wild Fire Riches’ will trigger 2 additional free games. During the Free Games Feature, a new symbol Mega Whopper Wild’ appears on reel 3 only. Diamond’, Ace, King’, Queen’, Jack’, Ten’ and Nine’ do not appear during the Free Game Feature. During the Free Game Feature, whenever Mega Whopper Wild’ appears on reel 3, all symbols on reels 3, 4 and 5 are transformed to the same symbols as on reels 1 and 2. During the Free Game Feature, the Feature Paytable is applied. Bet and number of lines played are the same as the game that triggered the Free Games Feature. Reel strips during the Free Games Feature are different to reel strips during paid games. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 6/9/2020