Wild Dolphins Payout rules • All winning combinations must appear from left to right and start on the 1st reel. • Only the highest win is paid for each active payline. • Payline wins are multiplied by the active line bet. • Free spins play at the same bet amount as the last spin. Payout Additional Info • Payouts in the pay table are shown in credits. • Balance, bet and win are shown in player's currency. • All displayed prizes are prize totals with all applicable multipliers already taken into account. • Malfunction voids all pays and plays. • RTP of this game is 95%. Wild Symbol • Wild symbols appears randomly in the Base game or during the Free Spins feature. • Wild symbol substitutes for any symbol, apart from the Free Spins symbol. Free Spins Feature All 3 Happy Dolphin Free Spins symbols appearing on reels 2, 3 and 4 in the same spin start 12 Free Spins with all wins doubled. • Before Free spins commence a number of Free Spins to be played is displayed. • Paytable in Free Spins is the same as in the Base game. • Additional Free Spins can be won within Free Spins feature infinitely. The same triggering rules apply and multiplier does not change. • At the end of Free Spins a summary of wins is displayed and then the player balance is updated. Extra Wild Symbol • During free spins the Happy Dolphin (Free Spins symbol) turns into an Extra Wild symbol which retriggers the Wild Dolphins Free Spins feature and substitutes for all symbols, including the Pearl Oyster wild symbol. Desktop User Interface Elements Info Button Opens info pages for the game. Cashier Button Opens cashier. Sound On/Off Toggle Toggles game sound setting between on and off. Close Game Button Opens dialog box to confirm or cancel game closing. Number of Lines Button Opens the dropdown where player can choose to change number of playing lines. Clicking on it again collapses the dropdown. Coin Size Button Opens the dropdown where player can choose to change coin size. Clicking on it again collapses the dropdown. Coins Per Line Button Opens the dropdown where player can choose to change number of coins per line played. Clicking on it again collapses the dropdown. Bet Info Display Displays the size of total bet. Line Bet Info Display Displays the size of line bet. Autoplay Button Depending on settings, starts autoplay or opens advanced autoplay dialog. Number of Autoplays Button Depending on settings, opens a dropdown with numbers of autoplay spins for closing or opens advanced autoplay dialog Max Bet Button Sets lines and number of coins to maximum number and starts the spin. Stop/Spin Button Starts or stops the spin, depending on the phase the game is in. History Button Opens player's round history for the game in question. Balance Info Display Displays the current player's balance amount. Info Line Displays messages about the game events. Win Info Display Displays total win for the spin, if any. Advanced Autoplay Elements Autoplay Settings Displays the title of the dialog. Bet Per Spin Control Provides means to set the bet amount for a single spin. Loss Limit Control Provides means to stop the autoplay after a set loss limit for the run has been reached. Single Win Control Provides means to stop the autoplay after a single win amount in an autoplay runs tops the set value. Number of Spins Control Provides means to set the maximum number of autoplay spins for a single run. Start Autoplay Button Starts the autoplay run with a set parameters. Info Screen Elements Close Info Screen Button Closes the info pages for the game. Page Back Button Navigates one page back in info pages. Current Page Info Display Displays the title of the current info page and the location in info pages. Page Forward Button Navigates one page forward in info pages. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 6/9/2020