Jungle Rumble Intro Jungle Rumble is a jungle themed game. The game includes one feature; Starspins which is a freespins feature. Select your stake and press the start button to begin. How To Play Pressing the PLAY button will cause the reels to spin. Players can choose between stakes by pressing the + and – buttons. The current stake is displayed in between these buttons. Wins are awarded for matching symbols along the winlines. Matching 2 symbols will sometimes be a winning combination. If the player matches 3 or more symbols a win is guaranteed. A special combination of 5 of the same symbol will trigger a 5-of-a-kind win. Wild symbols substitute for all other symbols apart from freespins. 3 or more Scatters in view starts feature. Features will cancel any autoplays. Paytable The Paytable can be found in the information screens by pressing the button labelled ‘i’. Players should note that only the highest win per winline is paid. Adjusting the stake will dynamically alter the winning values shown in the Paytable. Winlines This game has 20 winlines in total. Winlines pay from left to right only. Freespins When the feature begins, choose three stars. Each star will spin to reveal a symbol and mover over to the bamboo panel on the right of the screen. When all three symbols have been revealed, they will then be used within the Starspins reel. Using the three symbols chosen by the player in the stars screen, the Starspins freespins will start. On each free spin, there is a chance of adding 10 extra spins if 3 or more scatter symbols land in view. Rules The maximum possible win from this game is £250,000.00 The outcome of any game or feature is not necessarily that shown by the odds displayed. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The theoretical return to the player for this game is 95.58% Game Recovery In the event of a game interruption, (for example, the connection could be interrupted, or an accidental closure may occur) the game will resume from the last point of play. Any winnings prior to interruption will be credited to the players account. Last modification date: 7/29/2019