Buffalo Hunter GENERAL INFORMATION G a m e ID - BufaloHunter Game type - Video slot game, 5x3 reel area (11 symbols) Payout - 96.01% Bonus buy Free Spins: 96.34% Bonus buy Stampede Super Bonus: 96.41% Columns - 5 Rows - 4 Reel type - Standard Lines - 40 Bet levels - 32 levels Max bet - 100 EUR Min bet - 0.20 EUR Default bet - 1.00 EUR Channels supported - Desktop & mobile Game Features WILD A Wild symbol substitutes for any other symbol except Scatter. MYSTERY SYMBOL Lands stacked and will reveal one of the paying symbols. SCATTER SYMBOLS Landing 3 Scatter symbols activates Bufalo Horde or Prairie Multipliers with 8 spins. Landing 4 Scatter symbols awards 10 spins. Landing 5 Scatter symbols triggers Stampede Super Bonus. BUFFALO HORDE The mighty Bufalo symbols holds the energy of the great plains. Collect the energy to turn all other animal symbols into the Bufalo. Only the original Bufalo will hold the mystic energy. Collect energy from 5 Bufalo symbols to turn a animal symbol into the Bufalo symbol and get +2 spins. PRAIRIE MULTIPLIERS Same trigger as in Bufalo Horde, the mighty Bufalo holds the energy of the great plains. Collect the energy to increase the win multiplier of each animal. Collect energy from 5 Bufalo symbols to increase the multiplier with +1x on the animal and get +3 spins. Max multiplier is x5. Example: 5 energies are collected and the Pronghorn is awarded with x2 multiplier. If more 5 energies is collected, it will award the next Coyote symbol with x3 multiplier and also update the Pronghorn to x3. STAMPEDE SUPER BONUS The Stampede Super Bonus is Bufalo Horde and Prairie Multipliers rolled into one and awards 12 spins. Collect energy from 5 Bufalo symbols to increase both the multiplier and turn the other animals into the Bufalo symbol and get +2 spins. After 25 collected energy all symbols will be turned into Bufaloes and award a x5 multiplier. Game Rules Bufalo Hunter is a video slot with 4 features: Bufalo Horde, Prairie Multipliers, Stampede Super Bonus and Mystery Symbol. A 5-reel with 4 rows slot with 13 Symbols. The theoretical return to the player for this game is 96.01%. The theoretical return to the player for Free Spins feature buy is 96.34%. The theoretical return to the player for Stampede Super Bonus feature buy is 96.41%. Optimal strategy for highest return to player in Free Spins is to chose Bufalo Horde. 40 win lines (see pay table for more info). A Wild symbol substitutes for any other symbol except scatter. A Wild symbol substitutes for the highest possible winning combination according to the pay table. A winning combination pays from left to right along a win line. Coinciding wins on multiple combinations are paid out. Winning combinations and pays are made according to the pay table. Diferent reel confgurations are used, depending on the game mode (main game or any of the bonus modes). Bonus buy features are available as long as the winnings don't exceed the price of the #featureBuyTimesBetValue times the Wheel of Bonus is won when arrow lands in the ed Gamble your winnings - get it right and double the winnings, lose and get 50/50 gives you a 50% chance to guess the of the card, choose right and double your Gamble is limited to 5 in a Gamble is limited to never allow a gamble win above the amount of #maxGambleExposure . The gamble limit is set in Euro, and currency exchange may difer. You may gamble your bonus round winnings. Choose collect to stop the gamble at any time. Autoplay automatically collects the winnings. A malfunction voids all winnings. Malfunction in gaming hardware/software; all afected bets are refunded. All game states will be saved for 6 months. Autoplay automatically plays the game for selected number of rounds or when any of the advanced autoplay setting criterias are fulfilled. When changing autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take efect upon completion of the game round or feature. Some autoplay features may be mandatory for some jurisdictions. When playing with Cryptocurrency, unfnished game rounds and states will automatically reset after 24 Any accumulated wins during this round will be paid out. The maximum win from a single game is £227.646 Last modification date: 9/8/2020