Bar-X Super Reels Intro With a sleek and classic Casino feel, Bar X Super Reels’ polished aesthetics, exciting freespins feature and Gold, Silver and Bronze cashpots will captivate any player. This game holds true to Bar X’s strong theme. How to Play Pressing the PLAY button will cause the reels to spin. Players can choose between stakes by pressing the + and – buttons. The current stake is displayed in between these buttons. The Freespins feature is triggered when 3, 4 or 5 Free Spins symbols land on the first 5 reels. The Super Reel feature is triggered when 3, 4, or 5 Super Reels symbols land in view on the reels. During the Super Reel feature, Super Multiplier and Super Reel Multipliers are applied to wins consecutively. Wins can be multiplied by the Super Multiplier Reel if a multiplier symbol simultaneously lands. All active multipliers on the winline are applied to the total win. A special combination of 5 of the same symbol will trigger a 5-of-a-kind win. Pots symbols that land on the Super Reel winline award the corresponding pot. Features will cancel any autoplays. Paytable The Paytable can be found in the information screens by pressing the button labelled ‘i’. Adjusting the stake will dynamically alter the winning values shown in the Paytable. Feature Get four scatters to win 10 freespins. Every extra scatter adds an extra 5 freespins. The unlimited win multiplier begins at one and increases after every win reaction. The freespins retrigger scatter symbol appears only in the top row. If 3 freespins retrigger scatters appear in the top row, the player is awarded 5 extra freespins. If 4 freespins retrigger scatters appear, an extra 10 freespins are awarded. If 5 freespins retrigger scatters appear, an extra 15 freespins are awarded. Once the number of freespins remaining reaches 0, the feature will come to an end. Winlines This game has 10 winlines in total. Winlines pay from left to right, right to left and centre. Rules The maximum possible win from this game is £250,000.00 The outcome of any game or feature is not necessarily that shown by the odds displayed. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The theoretical return to the player for this game is 96.13% Game Recovery In the event of a game interruption, (for example, the connection could be interrupted, or an accidental closure may occur) the game will resume from the last point of play. Any winnings prior to interruption will be credited to the players account. Last modification date: 10/14/2020