Viking Clash Sound the war drums and sharpen your axes, it’s a Viking Clash! Watch out for waves on the open waters, bringing Wild Ships sailing across the reels. Cut to the chase, as the combatants collide in the exciting Viking Battle Free Games Feature. Cannons and Catapults launch Locking Wilds onto the reels, with the potential for unlimited free spins! Vikings Clash and Big Wins ensue! Base Game Viking Clash is a medium-high volatile slot with the RTP of 96,667% . Viking Clash is played across 2 reels, red one on the top and green on the bottom. The layout for both games is 5x3 with 25 win lines per game. Matching just 3 or more symbols will reward the players with nice wins. Wild Ship Feature At any time during the base game, a wave can crash across the reels and reveal one to three Wild Sail Ships. All Wild Sail Ships sail across the reels from right to left, one reel at a time, replacing the existing symbols on the reels. The Wild Ships increases the chances for big wins on each line they sail! Viking Battle Free Games Feature 3 or more Scatter Symbols on either one of the base games will trigger the Viking Battle Free Games Feature and award the player with 6 free games. Before the free games start, the battle begins! Each Scatter Symbol appearing on the Red Game will launch a Wild Symbol onto one of the symbols on the Green Game directly below. Each Scatter Symbol on the Green Game will then launch a Wild Symbol back onto a random symbol on the Red Game. These are shown as Golden Shields. All of these Wild Symbols are sticky. During the feature, any appearing Scatter Symbols will award the player with an additional free spin and launch one additional Locked Wild Symbol. If a Wild Symbol is launched onto another Wild Symbol, the existing one will upgrade to Multiplier Wild Symbol. In this case, any line wins with the Multiplier Wild Symbol is multiplied by the value of the multiplier. The clash of the Vikings can bring out amazing wins! The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 6/9/2020