Elite of Evil Portal of Gold FULL GAME RULES Every spin, any combination of 4+ matching symbols touching horizontally or vertically will result in a winning combination. After payout is made all winning combination symbols will explode, allowing the symbols above them to cascade in. UNLIMITED CASCADING MULTIPLIER A win multiplier is applied to, and increases with every cascade. Wins can be very high and are limited to the maximum payout of the slot machine. The maximum payout of this slot machine is 5,000X. FREE SPINS SYMBOL & FREE SPINS During FREE SPINS, every win will increase the cascading multiplier by 1. This cascading multiplier will continue to build with every win and will not reset until the end of the FREE SPINS session. 4 matching free spins symbols awards 12 FREE SPINS. 5 matching free spins symbols awards 14 FREE SPINS. 6 matching free spins symbols awards 18 FREE SPINS. 7+ matching free spins symbols awards 22 FREE SPINS. FREE SPINS may also be awarded from a spin on the Jackpot Wheel game, upon defeating a boss. BONUS CHEST SYMBOL & BONUS GAME Matching a combination of bonus symbols will take a player to a dimension full of bonus chests. A player gets to pick 2-5 chests. The number of chests the player gets to pick is based on how many symbols they activated the bonus game with, shown in the table below. Each chest will reveal a cash value. The player wins the total accumulated value from their picks. SYMBOLS MATCHED BONUS PICKS AWARDED 4 2 5 3 6 4 7+ 5 Larger multipliers are available when the player enters the bonus game via a higher number of bonus symbols. Entering the bonus game with an active win multiplier will also increase all bonus values by the multiplier amount. SHARD SYMBOL A matching combination of shards will cause a large explosion on the reels. Any symbols touching the shard symbol adjacently will be destroyed. Symbols destroyed by a shard explosion will count towards unlocking a boss portal or deal additional damage to a boss during an activate boss battle. BOSS FIGHTING FEATURE There are 5 portals that can be activated by completing or matching the corresponding number of symbols shown on the portal. Each portal leads to a distinct new realm, home to one of five unique boss monsters. Defeat the boss by matching symbols to reduce its health. All symbols deal damage (except bonus and free spin symbols). Successfully defeating the boss will award the Jackpot Wheel Feature. JACKPOT WHEEL FEATURE Upon defeating a boss this feature will activate. A 5-tier prize wheel consisting of silver, gold, epic and mythical prizes along with FREE SPINS, will present itself in front of the reels. The player is granted 1 spin on the wheel. The available prizes grow larger in value per boss and are shown below: BOSS SILVER GOLD EPIC MYTHICAL FREE SPINS BOSS 1 X4 - X8 X10 - X20 X50 X250 11 BOSS 2 X4 - X8 X10 - X20 X100 X500 12, 14 BOSS 3 X4 - X8 X10 - X20 X150 X1000 12, 14, 18 BOSS 4 X4 - X8 X10 - X20 X200 X1500 12, 14, 18, 22 BOSS 5 X4 - X8 X10 - X20 X250 X2000 12, 14, 18, 22 AUTO PLAY Auto play plays the game automatically for the number of game rounds selected in the SPIN OPTIONS menu. Selecting Turbo will enable fast play. Selecting Super Turbo will enable even faster play. However, please note that Auto play, Turbo and Super Turbo features are not available in some jurisdictions. To use autoplay, simply select the number of auto-spins you desire by selecting number. Then choose a total loss limit and then press the button to CONFIRM and start spins. You may also choose to stop the autoplay if your single spin win exceeds a particular amount. HOW TO PLAY Select your bet amount Press the Spin button to start game Press the Spin Options menu button to customise your spin experience Press the bet control buttons to increase or decrease your bet Press the Menu button to access game settings Press the return button to return to main game Press the turbo switch button to cycle between normal & turbo spin speeds This feature may not be available in some jurisdictions RETURN TO PLAYER The overall theoretical return to player is 97.5%. GAME SETTINGS Game Sounds - Turn the sounds on or off. Pay Table - Find out how much each symbol pays out, explanations of the game features, and information on the paylines. Game Rules - Opens the rules of the game. auto play DEMO PLAY The Operator's Demo Mode games are a sample of the Play for Real version. They play with the exact same rules and random number generator. Demo Mode versions of games allow you to play for ‘fun money’ that has no financial value. GAMING SYSTEM MALFUNCTION The Operator reserves the right to withhold winnings and void wagers if a Player manipulates the games in a fraudulent manner or the Gaming System itself malfunctions. The definition of such a malfunction extends to an error in the published odds or pay tables, or a game not working in accordance with its published rules. INTERRUPTED GAMES If an interrupted game is not completed within 1 day(s), it shall end. Any accumulated winnings that are linked to the interrupted game will be awarded. RTP:97.50% The maximum win from a single game is £100,000 Last modification date: 7/2/2020