Genie's Palace Game Rules – RTP: 96.0% Volatility: 21.5 – EXTREMELY HigH All 5 reels are always in play. Line wins must appear on played lines. Line win symbols must appear on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Only the highest win is paid on each line. Line wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier. Wins are shown in credits unless marked as currency. WILD TRAIN Feature When the Magic Lamp (3 symbols total) appears together with at least 1 Wild Jewel Cluster on the reels, the Wild Train Feature is initiated. After winning combinations are awarded, the lamp will move one position at a time to overlap with any Jewel Clusters or Coins. All symbols comprising the lamp will follow along the same path in order to remain in consecutive adjacent positions on the reels. When the head of the Magic Lamp reaches and overlaps with a Jewel Cluster or Coin, that symbol is collected. This process repeats until all Jewel Clusters and Coins have been collected. Each Jewel Cluster collected increases the number of positions covered by the Magic Lamp. Additional Magic Lamp body symbols are added or removed as necessary during the movement so that the total number of positions covered by Magic Lamp symbols will always be equal to 3 + the total number of Jewel Clusters collected during the feature. Each Coins collected places 3 to 7 Hats in random positions on the reels not occupied by the Magic Lamp during the next respin or free game. After all Jewel Clusters and Coins have been collected a free respin is awarded. All Magic Lamp symbols remain locked in their current positions on the reels during each respin. Respins are played on different reels. Respins continue until the Free Games Bonus is triggered or until there is a respin where no Jewel Cluster or Coins were collected. The Magic Lamp symbols and Coins are wild and substitute for all symbols except each other. The Magic Lamp symbols, and Coins do not substitute for Jewel Clusters for purposes of the Wild Train Feature. Coins do not appear on the reels during the base game. Coins appear on reels 1, 2, 3, and 4 during respins. Coins appear on reels 1, 2, and 3 during the Free Games Bonus. The Magic Lamp symbols appear only on reel 5 during the base game. The Magic Lamp symbols do not appear on the reels during respins or the Free Games Bonus. Free Games Feature During the Wild Train Feature, collecting 5 or more Jewels Clusters starts the Free Games Bonus. The Free Games Bonus uses different reels. Free games automatically play at the same bet multiplier as the game that initiated the Free Games Bonus. All Magic Lamp symbols carry over from the respin that initiated the Free Games Bonus and remain locked in their current position on the reels during each free game spin. For each free game spin, after winning combinations are awarded, the Magic Lamp symbols will move one position at a time to overlap with any Jewel Cluster or Coins. All symbols comprising the Magic Lamp will follow along the same path in order to remain in consecutive adjacent positions on the reels. When the head of the Magic Lamp reaches and overlaps with a Jewel Cluster or Coin, that symbol is collected. This process repeats until all Jewel Custers and Coins have been collected. Each Jewel Cluster collected increases the number of positions covered by the Magic Lamp. Additional Magic Lamp body symbols are added or removed as necessary during the movement so that the total number of positions covered by Magic Lamp symbols will always be equal to 3 + the total number of Jewel Clusters collected during the Free Games Bonus and the Wild Train Feature that initiated it. Each Coins collected places 3 to 7 Hats in random positions on the reels not occupied by the Magic Lamp during the next respin or free game. Each Jewel Cluster and Coins collected awards 1 additional free game. The Free Games Bonus ends when 0 free games remain. JACKPOT Feature Collecting 12 or more Jewel Clusters during the Free Games Bonus and the Wild Train Feature that initiated it awards an amazing 2000 times your total bet at the end of the feature. The maximum win from a single game is £235.500 Last modification date: 8/24/2020