Panda Punch Game Rules Panda Punch is a 3-reel, 3-row classic stepper online slot game featuring Wild Multipliers and the Panda Punch Bonus Spins Feature. Base Game RTP is 96.21%. RTP for the Buy Bonus Spins Feature is 96.29%. All RTPs represent the long term theoretical payback. Minimum bet: $0.50. Maximum bet: $100.00. The game is always played on fixed 5 lines . For Bonus Spins with Double Reels Feature, the game is played on two independent, identical reel sets. Each winning combination is made up of only one symbol from each reel. All wins pay left to right on adjacent reels beginning with the leftmost reel, except for combinations of , , , , and . Each symbol can be used only once per winning combination. Highest win only for each winning combination. Wins on different combinations are added. All wins shown in currency. Jackpot values are proportional to the selected bet and displayed as such. Game outcome is random and cannot be influenced by the actions of the player. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Wild Symbols Wild Symbols substitute for all symbols except , , , , , , and other Wilds. 3 types of Wild symbols may land on the reels in all features: - does not multiply wins. - appears on all reels - multiplies wins for combinations that it's a part of by 2. - appears on the leftmost and rightmost reels. - multiplies wins for combinations that it's a part of by 5. - appears on the middle reel only. Multiple Wild symbols may land in a single spin. Total win multiplier is the product of all Wilds multipliers. For example, for a spin with winning BAR symbol, and , an applicable line win is multiplied by 10. Combinations of Wild symbols have their own separate pays listed in the paytable and are not multiplied. Panda Punch Bonus Spins Feature Panda Punch Bonus Spins Feature consists of 7 initial Bonus Spins with additional features depending on triggering Strike symbols. Any combination of landing , and may trigger the Bonus Spins Feature at random. Any number of landing Strike symbols may trigger the Bonus Spins Feature. Landing three Strike symbols does not guarantee the Bonus Spins Feature to be triggered. Strikes presented above the game reels do not represent actual chances of hitting the Bonus Spins Feature. When Bonus Spins are triggered, each Strike symbol on the reels grants the corresponding Bonus Feature. Triggering the Bonus Spins with awards Double Spins - 7 Additional Bonus Spins. Triggering the Bonus Spins with awards Jackpot Spins with a chance to get one or more Jackpot awards. Triggering the Bonus Spins with awards Double Reels with additional, identical set of reels in play. Each type of Strike symbol may appear on all reels. It is not possible to land two or more Strike symbols of the same type during one spin. Features can be combined. For example, triggering Panda Punch Bonus Spins Feature with and awards 14 Bonus Spins in total with Jackpot symbols added to the reels. Panda Punch Bonus Spins Feature uses 2 separate sets of reels: One for features without jackpots (Double Spins, Double Reels, and their combination), and a second one for Bonus Spins with Jackpot Spins and combinations of Jackpot Spins and Double Reels, Double Spins, or both. For Double Reels, both reel sets are of the same kind. For Double Reels with Jackpot Spins triggered, both reel sets have Jackpot symbols added. , and symbols do not appear on the reels during Bonus Spins. The feature ends once no Bonus Spins remain. All the wins collected during the Bonus Spins Feature are summed up and presented as the total feature win at the end of the feature Jackpots 3 Jackpot levels are available in Panda Punch – Minor, Major, and Grand. All Jackpots are non-progressive. Jackpot values: Minor Jackpot = 25 x base bet Major Jackpot = 100 x base bet Grand Jackpot = 1000 x base bet To get a Jackpot, you need to hit scattered symbols on the leftmost and middle reels and one of the following symbols on the rightmost reel - , or . , , and symbols appear only in Bonus Spins with Jackpot Reels triggered. The type of the Jackpot symbol on the rightmost reel determines the type of Jackpot won: - Minor Jackpot. - Major Jackpot. - Grand Jackpot. Jackpots can be hit only in Bonus Spins with Jackpot Spins Feature triggered . Multiple Jackpots can be hit over the course of a single Panda Punch Bonus Spins Feature. Game Operation Spin Button: click to initiate a game round at the currently selected bet. Clicking the button during spins, feature summaries and feature animations fast-forwards them. Spacebar can be used in the desktop version of the game to perform spins. Bet Button: click to select the base bet. Press ‘+’ to increase the base bet. Press ‘-’ to decrease the base bet. Autoplay Button: Click to open the autoplay menu. Pays Button: click to open the Pays section. Settings Button: click to access game settings and the detailed Game Rules. Buy Bonus Spins button: Allows triggering the Panda Punch Bonus Spin Feature instantly for an additional fee. Some of the features might not be available based on limitations in current jurisdiction. Buy Bonus Spins Feature Player can trigger a single spin on an alternate set of reels which guarantees triggering of the Panda Punch Bonus Spins Feature. The Feature can be started by clicking the Buy Bonus Spins button and confirming the choice. The initiated spin results in a random combination of landing symbols and starting of the Bonus Spins feature with corresponding bonus features. Cost of the Buy Bonus Spins is 30 times bet. The cost is deducted from the available balance. Payouts for the Panda Punch Bonus Spins Feature correspond to the base bet that the Buy Bonus Spins Feature was initiated for. Buy Bonus Spins Feature is available only if there's no game round currently in progress. Autoplay Settings Number of spins: the number of auto spins to perform. Autoplay can be stopped at any moment. Stop on any feature: If enabled, the autoplay will be stopped upon hitting a Bonus feature, depending on the game played. Loss limit: The autoplay will be stopped if the total loss during autoplay exceeds the selected value. Loss is calculated as the difference between bets placed and the total win collected during the autoplay session. Stop on single win above: The autoplay will stop if a single game win exceeds the selected value during the autoplay. Available autoplay settings depend on the jurisdiction. Last modification date: 12/16/2025