Triple Stones High Roller Game Rules Triple Stones™ High Roller is a 3-reel, 3-row classic stepper online slot game featuring Wild Multipliers and the Triple Stones™ High Roller Free Spins Feature. Base Game RTP is 96.21%. RTP for the Buy Free Spins Feature is 96.29%. All RTPs represent the long term theoretical payback. Minimum bet: $0.50. Maximum bet: $100.00. The game is always played on fixed 5 lines . For Free Spins with Double Reels Feature the game is played on two independent, identical reel sets. Each winning combination is made up of only one symbol from each reel. Each symbol can be used only once per winning combination. Highest win only for each winning combination. Wins on different combinations are added. All wins shown in currency. Jackpot values are proportional to the selected bet and displayed as such. Game outcome is random and cannot be influenced by the actions of the player. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Wild Symbols 3 types of Wild symbols may land on the reels in all features: WILD - does not multiply wins. - appears on all reels 2X WILD - multiplies wins for combinations that it's a part of by 2. - appears on the leftmost and rightmost reels. 5X WILD - multiplies wins for combinations that it's a part of by 5. - appears on the middle reel only. Multiple Wild symbols may land in a single spin. Total win multiplier is the product of all Wilds multipliers. For example, for a spin with winning BAR symbol 2X WILD and 5X WILD an applicable line win is multiplied by 10. Combinations of Wild symbols have their own separate pays listed in the paytable and are not multiplied. Triple Stones™ High Roller Free Spins Feature Triple Stones™ High Roller Free Spins Feature consists of 7 initial Free Spins with additional features depending on triggering Diamond symbols. Any combination of landing RED Diamond , BLUE Diamond and PINK Diamond may trigger the Free Spins Feature on random. Any number of landing Diamond symbols may trigger the Free Spins Feature. Landing three Diamond symbols does not guarantee the Free Spins Feature to be triggered. Diamonds presented above the game reels do not represent actual chances of hitting the Free Spins Feature. When Free Spins are triggered, each Diamond Symbol on the reels grants the corresponding Bonus Feature. Triggering the Free Spins with RED Diamond awards Double Spins - 7 Additional Free Spins. Triggering the Free Spins with BLUE Diamond awards Jackpot Spins with a chance to get one or more Jackpot awards. Triggering the Free Spins with PINK Diamond awards Double Reels with additional, identical set of reels in play. Each type of Diamond symbol may appear on all reels. It is not possible to land two or more Diamond symbols of the same type during one spin. Features can be combined. For example, triggering Triple Stones™ High Roller Free Spins Feature with RED Diamond and BLUE Diamond awards 14 Free Spins in total with Jackpot symbols added to the reels. Triple Stones™ High Roller Free Spins Feature uses separate 2 sets of reels: One for features without jackpots (Double Spins, Double reels and their combination), and a second one for Free Spins with Jackpot Spins and combinations of Jackpot Spins and Double Reels, Double Spins or both. For Double Reels, both reel sets are of the same kind. For Double Reels with Jackpot Spins triggered, both reel sets have Jackpot symbols added. RED Diamond , BLUE Diamond and PINK Diamond symbols do not appear on the reels during Free Spins. The feature ends once no Free Spins remain. All the wins collected during the Free Spins Feature are summed up and presented as the total feature win at the end of the feature. Jackpots 3 Jackpot levels are available in Triple Stones™ High Roller - Minor, Major and Grand. All Jackpots are non-progressive. Jackpot values: Minor Jackpot = 25 x base bet Major Jackpot = 100 x base bet Grand Jackpot = 1000 x base bet To get a Jackpot you need to hit scattered JACKPOT Symbols on the leftmost and middle reels and one of the following symbols on the rightmost reel - MINOR ,MAJOR or GRAND JACKPOT,MINOR ,MAJOR and GRAND symbols appear only in Free Spins with Jackpot Reels triggered. The type of the Jackpot Symbol on the rightmost reel determines the type of Jackpot won: Jackpots can be hit only in Free Spins with Jackpot Spins Feature triggered . Multiple Jackpots can be hit over the course of single Triple Stones™ High Roller Free Spins Feature. Buy Free Spins Feature Player can trigger a single spin on an alternate set of reels which guarantees triggering Triple Stones™ High Roller Free Spins Feature. The Feature can be started by clicking the Buy Free Spins button and confirming the choice. The initiated spin results in a random combination of landing , and symbols and starting of the Free Spins feature with corresponding bonus features. Cost of the Buy Free Spins is 30 times bet. The cost is deducted from the available balance. Payouts for the Triple Stones™ High Roller Free Spins Feature correspond to the base bet that the Buy Free Spins Feature was initiated for. Buy Free Spins Feature is available only if there's no game round currently in progress. Autoplay Settings Number of spins: the number of auto spins to perform. Autoplay can be stopped at any moment. Stop on any feature: If enabled, the autoplay will be stopped upon hitting a Bonus feature, depending on the game played. Loss limit: The autoplay will be stopped if the total loss during autoplay exceeds the selected value. Loss is calculated as the difference between bets placed and the total win collected during the autoplay session. Stop on single win above: The autoplay will stop if a single game win exceeds the selected value during the autoplay. Available autoplay settings depend on the jurisdiction. Last modification date: 3/18/2026