Magic Merlin Spellbound Intro Marvel at Merlin’s sorcery by the light of his crackling fire. This spellbinding new game brings a dazzling new range of features and magic that will leave any player enchanted. Following on from Magic Merlin Megaways, Magic Merlin Spellbound is packed full of surprise with brilliantly appealing and immersive visuals, sounds and gameplay that will appeal to all audiences. How to Play Pressing the PLAY button will cause the reels to spin. Players can choose between stakes by pressing the + and – buttons. The current stake is displayed in between these buttons. The Freespins feature is triggered when 3 Freespins symbols land on reels 1, 3 and 5. Freespins awards 10 free spins with 1 of 4 freespins modifiers. The base game has 5 bonus pots. The Bonus Pots feature is triggered randomly by Wild symbols landing on the reels. Mystery symbols can randomly appear after a winning spin to reveal winning symbols. Triggered randomly during base game play, up to 3 Column wilds can be placed on the reels. Triggered randomly during base game play, up to 10 Scatter wilds can be placed on the reels. Paytable The Paytable can be found in the information screens by pressing the button labelled ‘i’. Adjusting the stake will dynamically alter the winning values shown in the Paytable. Freespins Feature The Freespins feature is triggered when 3 freespins scatter symbols land on reels 1, 3 and 5. A spell book appears and awards the player 1 of 4 freespins modifiers. Modifier 1: Freespins Column Wilds Column wilds appear over reels 1 and 5 and are locked throughout the 10 freespins. Modifier 2: Remove Royals Throughout the 10 freespins, the Royals (10, J, Q, K, A) are removed from lowest to highest on alternate spins. Modifier 3: Freespins Multiplying Wilds During the 10 freespins, for any winline which features multiple Wilds, the win is multiplied by the number of Wilds on the winline. Any winline can have up to 5 Wild symbols present. Modifier 4: Freespins 1024 Ways to Win. For the 10 awarded Freespins, the reels expand from a 5 x 3 matrix to a 5 x 4 matrix; increasing the number of ways to win to 1024 ways. Once the number of freespins remaining reaches 0, the feature will come to an end. Bonus Pots Feature The Bonus Pots Feature is triggered randomly by Wilds landing on the reels during base game play. The Bonus Pots Feature cannot be triggered from within Freespins. When the feature is triggered, the player is awarded 5 picks and chooses trapdoors to open. Revealing an arrow will move the player to the next pot. At the end of the feature, the highlighted pot shown above the reels is awarded. Winlines Winlines pay from left to right only. This game has 20 winlines in total, except during the Freespins feature, Modifier 4: Freespins 1024 Ways to Win, the number of winlines increases to 1024. Rules The maximum possible win from this game is £250,000.00 The outcome of any game or feature is not necessarily that shown by the odds displayed. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The theoretical return to the player for this game is 96.11% Game Recovery In the event of a game interruption, (for example, the connection could be interrupted, or an accidental closure may occur) the game will resume from the last point of play. Any winnings prior to interruption will be credited to the players account.