Fire Eagle About the game Fire Eagle is a 6 reel, 60 payline video slot featuring a free spins bonus Theoretical payout is 95.98% to 96.61%. The number of paylines used in the game is fixed at 60. Game Features Multiplier Wild Symbols 1X, 2X, 3X, and 5X are the WILD symbols and each substitute for all other symbols except the FREE SPINS TRIGGER symbol, FREE SPINS ACCUMULATION symbol, and each other. When one or more WILD symbols forms part of a winning combination, the pay for that winning combination is multiplied by the multiplier shown on the WILD symbols. Random Wild Symbols On every spin, WILD symbols are randomly placed on a column. Free Spins Bonus When 3, 4, 5, or 6 FREE SPINS TRIGGER symbols appear, the game initiates the FREE SPINS BONUS with 8 initial free spins. During the FREE SPINS BONUS, the player collects FREE SPINS ACCUMULATION symbols. For each set of 3 FREE SPINS ACCUMULATION symbols awarded, the player receives a reward: 3 FREE SPINS ACCUMULATION symbols: 2 columns of WILD symbols are randomly placed on different columns each spin, and 2 additional free spins are awarded 6 FREE SPINS ACCUMULATION symbols: 3 columns of WILD symbols are randomly placed on different columns, and 2 additional free spins are awarded each set of 3 additional FREE SPINS ACCUMULATION symbols: 2 additional free spins are awarded. Missions Missions are features in which one or several symbols are collected during a number of spins and an award is paid for the final number of matching symbols collected on all paid spins and respins until there are no more spins in the mission. Missions are available in 3 categories, each of which is indicted by its respective MISSION CATEGORY ICON: for the total number of multiplier wild symbols collected (for which 1X symbols count as 1, 2X symbols count as 2, 3X symbols count as 3, and 5X symbols count as 5), as indicated by the MULTIPLIER MISSION ICON for the number of GEM symbols collected, as indicated by the GEM MISSION ICON for the total number of FREE SPINS TRIGGER and FREE SPINS ACCUMULATION symbols collected, as indicated by the ORB MISSION ICON. There are 4 mission levels, each of which has a different duration and prize table and is indicated by its respective MISSION LEVEL ICON: BRONZE, indicated by the BRONZE MISSION ICON, over which symbols are collected for 30 paid spins, SILVER, indicated by the SILVER MISSION ICON, over which symbols are collected for 50 paid spins, GOLD, indicated by the GOLD MISSION ICON, over which symbols are collected for 75 paid spins, PLATINUM, indicated by the PLATINUM MISSION ICON, over which symbols are collected for 100 paid spins. Spins in the FREE SPINS BONUS are not deducted from the mission spins. Each mission has a category and a level. Only one mission is active at a time. The MISSION DISPLAY panel shows: the current active mission, as indicated by the MISSION LEVEL ICON and MISSION CATEGORY ICON displayed the number of spins remaining in the mission displayed within a the SPIN SYMBOL icon the number of symbols currently collected in the active mission the progress of the number of symbols collected compared to the number of spins required to reach the next highest prize available from the MISSION PAYTABLE. When there are no spins remaining in the current active mission, if the number of symbols collected corresponds to a prize according to the MISSION PAYTABLE then that prize is awarded after the last spin in the mission. A new mission is selected and displayed to the player. If a player changes bet, the player begins a new mission of the same category and level as was previously active, but with progress set at 0, if no progress has been accumulated to the mission at the new bet, or to the saved mission progress for the active mission, if the player has previously collectd symbols toward the new active mission without finishing it. Players can enter the MISSION CONTROLS by pressing the "i" icon on the MISSION DISPLAY panel. In the MISSION CONTROLS panel, a player can view the MISSION PAYTABLE for the current mission, select to change the current active mission, or view saved missions. To select a new active mission, press the horizontal tab with the MISSION CATEGORY ICON for the category desired and select the vertical tab with the MISSION LEVEL ICON for the level desired. By selecting a new mision, the current active mission will the saved and is available to resume under the SAVED MISSION tab. If a mission with the same level, category, and bet has already been started and not finished, then that mission is resumed by selected the appropriate mission with the bet in the game set to the game corresponding to the saved mission. To view saved missions, press the vertical tab labeled SAVED MISSIONS. All missions with progress saved and with level corresponding to the current selected mission level will be displayed. Each saved mission is displayed with the MISSION LEVEL ICON, the MISSION CATEGORY ICON, the number of symbols required for the next prize, the bet for the mission, the number of spins left in the mission, the number of symbols already collected in the mission, and the prize for reaching the next paytable threshold. Select a saved mission by pressing the display for the desired mission. By selecting a saved mission the bet will automatically be set to the bet for the selected mission. When you have selected a new or saved mission as the new active mission, press the ARROW symbol button or the CLOSE SYMBOL button to close the MISSION CONTROLS display and resume the game. Payline wins pay in succession from leftmost to right. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. The separate payline wins will be displayed on the payline wins during the win presentation. How to play Video slots are very easy to play. Just follow the 3 steps: Choose your total bet Press the SPIN symbol button Check for any win in the WIN field Description of game functionality Bet The Total bet is shown in the BET display. On desktop, change the bet by clicking on the display and choosing the total bet of your choice, or using the BET UP or BET DOWN indicators to increase or decrease your bet, respectively. On mobile, change the bet by touching the BET icon on the display and choosing the total bet of your choice. Spin The game is started by pressing the SPIN symbol button. You can Quick Stop the game by clicking (for desktop displays) or touching (for touch-enabled displays) anywhere on the play screen. Win Any total win in a game round will be displayed in the WIN field. Symbol pays are displayed in the paytable, and reflects the current bet configuration. Payline wins pay in succession from leftmost to right. Only the highest win per bet line is paid. The separate payline wins will be displayed on the payline wins during the win presentation. Paytable All winning combinations in the game can be viewed in the PAYTABLE which can be reached through the "i" button in the keypad. Autoplay Using Autoplay will let you play a number of game rounds automatically. Press AUTOPLAY and choose a number of game rounds to initiate Autoplay. The remaining number of spins is displayed in the keypad. Autoplay is stopped by pressing the STOP button. The autoplay settings allow the player to set number of plays, total session lost limit, and single win limit. Autoplay will stop when any of the selected limits are exceeded. Access the CLIENT SETTINGS by clicking (on desktop) or touching (on touch-enabled displays) the SETTINGS ICON. In the Mobile Version, HOME symbol redirects back to the mobile game lobby. On the game display access CLIENT SETTINGS by tapping the SETTINGS ICON. In SETTINGS: SOUND selection allows you to choose if the game should play sounds and music. MUSIC selection allows you to choose if the game will play background music. REPLAY will take you to game play history. "i" icon accesses game PAYTABLE. "?" Symbol opens GAME RULES. Malfunction in the game voids all pays. Unfinished Games Any games that are unfinished will be recreated once the player returns to game after the interruption. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 6/4/2020