Tiger Tiger Game Rules Tiger Tiger is a 5 reel, 10 line slot game, with a jungle animal theme. The game has a freespins Bonus Feature. How to play To play the game: Choose your total bet. Spin the reels. For a detailed description of the payouts, see section Payouts. For bonuses, see the Bonuses section. For autoplay, see section Autoplay. RTP (Return to Player) The overall game theoretical RTP is 94.72% Payouts Standard (non Bonus symbols) winnings only occur on bet lines. Winning lines are paid from left to right, right to left and in the centre. The winning lines are displayed in the paytable information. 3 or more consecutive instances of the same symbol on a winning line awards a winning amount. Winnings are determined by the corresponding symbol on the paytable. Only the highest possible win on a winning line is paid. 3 bonus symbols will trigger a bonus Feature (see Bonuses section) and are wild which means that they substitute for all paying symbols. The sum of winning amounts from all valid pay lines is immediately credited to your wallet at the end of a game round, which is after a paying spin or after no more bonuses remain. Every time the reels are spun there is a random chance of triggering the Wild Reels Feature (see Bonuses section). Bonuses Bonus Feature The appearance of Bonus symbols on reels 1, 3 & 5 will trigger a bonus Feature. The player is awarded 15 freespins at the start of the feature. The player starts the feature playing on one reel set. Up to 3 further reel sets can be unlocked by collecting Jewel symbols that are awarded from the active reel sets. The feature is over when all 15 freespins have been played. Wild Reels Feature When this feature is activated the screen will turn red and shake, and certain symbols on the reels are selected to go wild. Once this is complete, all wins are paid. Autoplay Autoplay plays a number of spins automatically. Open autoplay option by holding down AUTOPLAY button. In the autoplay options, set the number of spins, then start autoplay. Autoplay stops when no spins remain or there is insufficient balance. The player can stop autoplay and return to normal play by pressing STOP AUTOPLAY. Depending on your jurisdiction and operator, you may have to set limits before you start autoplay, which when exceeded stops autoplay. There could be limits for the amount lost overall (loss limit) and the amount won during a single game round (single win limit). If you are playing in a jurisdiction that requires this, autoplay will not work until you complete these settings. Connectivity and malfunction Players cannot be unfairly advantaged or disadvantaged by disconnections or network interruptions. In rare and exceptional circumstances where a game state cannot be restored, such a malfunction voids all pays and play. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 6/9/2020