Diamond Boost Diamond Boost™ Diamond Boost™ features an exciting gameplay mechanism where symbols on the reels can enhance winnings and trigger special bonuses. The game includes the Diamond Boost Bonus, which activates when the Diamond Boost symbol lands on the reels, boosting non-jackpot paytable values for more significant wins. Furthermore, the game boasts a Wild feature that doubles or quadruples non-jackpot wins when 2X symbols are involved, alongside a jackpot feature with multiple tiers depending on the combination of symbols on an active payline. GAME FEATURES Jackpot Feature Three Diamond Boost symbols on an active payline award the highest tier jackpot. Three 2X symbols on an active payline award the second tier jackpot. A combination of any three mixed Diamond Boost and 2X symbols on an active payline awards the third tier jackpot. Only the highest winning jackpot is awarded per play. Wild Feature The 2X symbol is Wild for seven and bar symbols, except when three 2X symbols or a combination of any 2X and Diamond Boost Wild appear on a payline. One 2X symbol in a non-jackpot winning combination will DOUBLE the win, and two 2X symbols in a non-jackpot winning combination will pay 4x the win. Diamond Boost is Wild for seven and bar symbols, except when any three Diamond Boost symbols or a combination of any three Diamond Boost and 2X Wild appear on a payline. Diamond Boost Feature Landing the Diamond Boost symbol anywhere on the reels initiates the Diamond Boost Bonus. The non-jackpot paytable values will boost one time for each Diamond Boost symbol on the reels, and a single additional spin will be awarded. Diamond Boost symbols during the bonus will behave the same as in the initiating game. All wins are awarded for the paytable values shown at the start of each spin. The Diamond Boost Bonus ends when no Diamond Boost symbols appear on the reels. The non-jackpot paytable values will boost a maximum of 8 times during the bonus. GAME INFORMATION RTP: 92.00%, 94.00%, 95.95% Reel Configuration: 3x3 Pay Evaluation: 9 Lines Line Options: 1, 3, 5, 9 Bet Per Line: $0.05 - $40.00 Total Bet: $0.05 - $360.00 Volatility: Medium-Low Technology: HTML5 Channel: Mobile & Desktop Malfunction voids all pays and plays.