Slingo Xfactor Slingo X Factor Is The Fast Paced Game Where Slots Meets Bingo With Big Cash Prizes Available. Select your stake and press start game to begin. You have 11 spins to match numbers on the wheel with the numbers in the grid. The cash prize increases with every slingo (win line) you complete. Jokers allow the player to mark any number in the row above. Each logo symbol moves you to the next stage of the show. Free spin symbols add an extra spin. Super jokers allow the player to mark any number in the whole grid. Coins award an instant cash prize. Three or more joker or super joker symbols anywhere on a single spin award an additional. Collect 9 symbols across a game to reach the final and win the gold progressive jackpot. Collect 8 symbols across a game to reach the semi-finals and win the silver progressive jackpot. Collect 7 symbols across a game to reach the live show and win the bronze progressive jackpot. Up to 4 extra spins are available at the end of the game. The price for the next spin is shown on the spin button. The potential wins available are displayed in turn. The numbers required are highlighted in yellow. Press collect to end the game. Win Lines There are 12 win lines and 11 awards on the paytable because the last number on the grid will always award at least 2 winning lines. Best Strategy The best strategy dictates that the selection for positions of jokers and super jokers is always in the position that will move the player closer to completing a slingo. Where multiple positions with the same criteria are available the preference is given to the positions that are included in the most slingos (win lines). For example the central square would be given preference since it is included in a horizontal, vertical and two diagonal lines. Where multiple positions with the same criteria exist again a random choice is made. Rules Coins appear on the centre reel only Devils appear on the centre reel only Free spins symbols are removed from the reels for extra spins A maximum of 4 free spins can be gained in any game A maximum of 4 additional spins can be purchased. Any free spins won will reduce the amount of additional spins available Based on best strategy this game has a theoretical RTP of 95%. Based on best strategy each extra spin has a theoretical RTP of 95%. Malfunction void pays and plays. In extra spins some potential prizes may require super jokers. Jackpot Verification Jackpot wins over £1,000 will need to be verified by customer support before it is credited to a players account. Players will be notified of this via an in-game pop up and an inbox message that they will receive shortly after the win. Players can contact customer support for more information about their win at any time: help@slingo.com Pending Games Incomplete Games Will Be Automatically Completed 48 Hours After Launch. Any Remaining Spins Will Be Played Out With A Random Number Generator Used To Make Any Player Decisions. Any Winnings Will Be Automatically Credited. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 6/9/2020