Olympus Strikes Olympus Strikes™: Xtreme Jackpots™ is a five-reel Greek-themed game featuring Zeus, the god of sky and thunder. In this exciting game, when lightning strikes, players know they are in for a play experience as powerful as its namesake Greek God of the Sky. During the base game, three or more Bonus (or Wild) symbols in any position on reels one through three triggers the free spin bonus. If additional Bonus (or Wild) symbols land on reels four or five, they’ll trigger a scatter pay. During the free-game bonus, players choose their own volatility to determine the number of free spins awarded. If they choose 243 ways, they can win 15 free spins; 1024 ways awards 10 free spins; and 3125 ways awards five free spins. A wild symbol randomly triggered any time a wild symbol lands on the reels awards the jackpot pick bonus, in which the player picks until they get three matching symbols. Pays are based on the three matching symbols picked by the player that correspond to one of the four jackpots, keeping anticipation high. Players are guaranteed to win one of the four jackpots during this feature. GAME FEATURES Power XStream Evaluation – This feature maximizes the number of ways to win by evaluating awards based on the number of symbols in any position. Free Games/Choose Your Own Volatility – In Olympus Strikes, the number of free spins awarded depends on the reel configuration that the player selects to play during the bonus. 15 Free Spins – 3x5 reels, 243 ways to win. 10 Free Spins – 4x5 reels, 1024 ways to win. 5 Free Spins – 5x5 reels, 3125 ways to win. Jackpot Pick Bonus – This potentially lucrative feature is randomly triggered any time a wild symbol lands on the reels during the base game. The pick bonus allows you to pick until you get three matching symbols, and then you are guaranteed to win one of the four bonus jackpots based on the three matching symbols you pick that correspond to the Grand, Major, Minor, and Mini jackpots. GAME INFORMATION RTP: 95.89% Volatility: High Min Bet: 88 Default Bet: 88 Max Bet:880 Min Denom: 1 Max Denom : 20 Default Denom: 1 Reels: 3x5 – 5x5 Evaluation: 243-3125 ways to win Technology: HTML5 Channel: Mobile & Desktop Malfunction Voids All Pays and Plays. Last modification date: 12/21/2021