Golden Genie and The Walking Wilds Game ID - GoldenGenie Game type - Video slot game, 5x3 reel area (11 symbols) Payout - 96.03% Bonus buy: 96.36% Columns - 5 Rows - 3 Reel type - Standard Lines - 20 win lines Bet levels - 32 levels Max bet - 100 EUR Min bet - 0.20 EUR Default bet - 1.00 EUR Channels supported - Desktop & mobile 1.1 Game Features GENIE WISHES If Aladdin aligns to the left of the Lamp symbol in main game, they'll activate the feature. All Aladdin and Lamp symbols will then act as Wild symbols. All paying symbols will get a random payout multiplier - x2, x3, x4, x5 or x10. GENIE LAMPS The feature may trigger during any any spin in main game. Reel 2 and 4 will be covered with the Lamp Wild. During this feature the game pays both ways. GENIE PARADE Landing 3 or more Genie symbols will trigger the Genie Parade with one Genie to become Golden Genie. Golden Genie increase its multiplier by one for every spin, except when it moves outside of the reels. Golden Genie will also increase all other Genies symbols mutliplier by one. The multiplier on the Golden Genie will be transferred to the closest Genie when it reaches the frst reel. If no Genie exists, it will be saved for any new Genie landing. When new Genie symbols lands, they'll adopt the behaviour. Genie Wishes trigger in this mode will transform all Aladdin and Lamp symbols to Genie symbols. Feature continues until the Golden Genie disappear from the reels and no new Genie appears. 1.2 Game Rules Golden Genie and The Walking Wilds is a video slot with 3 features: Genie Wishes, Genie Lamps and Genie Parade. A 5-reel, 3-row video slot with 11 symbols. 20 win lines (see pay table for more info). A Wild symbol substitutes for any symbol except Bonus. A Wild symbol substitutes for the highest possible winning combination according to the paytable. A winning combination pays from left to right along a win line. Coinciding wins on multiple combinations are paid out. Winning combinations and pays are made according to the pay table. Diferent reel confgurations are used, depending on the game mode (main game or any of the bonus modes). Genie Wishes: All Aladdin and Lamp symbols becomes Wild. Genie Wishes: All paying symbols will get a random payout multiplier - x2, x3, x4, x5 or x10 specifc for each type of symbol. Genie Wishes: The payout multiplier is applied once to the base payout of that type of symbol. Genie Parade: The Golden Genie multiplier value transfers to the closest Genie symbol to the right, with the order from top to bottom on the closest reel. The theoretical return to the player for this game is 96.03%. The theoretical return to the player for Genie Parade feature buy is 96.36%. A malfunction voids all winnings. Malfunction in gaming hardware/software; all afected bets are refunded. All game states will be saved for 6 months. Autoplay automatically plays the game for selected number of rounds or when any of the advanced autoplay setting criterias are fulfilled. When changing autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take efect upon completion of the game round or feature. Some autoplay features may be mandatory for some jurisdictions. When playing with Cryptocurrency, unfnished game rounds and states will automatically reset after 24 Any accumulated wins during this round will be paid out. The maximum win from a single game is £95,820. Last modification date: 7/10/2020