The Good The Bad And The Ugly The Good, The Bad and The Ugly is a 5 reel, 3 row video slot. The game is played with 10 bet lines (fixed), orientated from left to right. The 'BONUS' symbol is a scatter symbol. 3 scatter symbols on reels 1, 3 and 5 will trigger the bonus game selection screen, where you may choose to play 1 of 3 bonus games. The maximum payout of this slot machine is (5000x max bet). Any wins in excess of this amount will be instead limited to this maximum payout BONUS GAME – THE GOOD Awards 10 free spins. Every time a wild appears it is locked in place, making it a ‘sticky’ wild for the entire duration of free spins. Retrigger is possible here and will award 10 additional free spins. BONUS GAME – THE BAD Initially 5 free spins are awarded, alongside a win multiplier of 3x. You must collect the dynamite symbols to progress to the next stage, each time you progress a stage the win multiplier increases and further free spins are awarded. The final stage awards a 50x win multiplier. The win multiplier multiplies all wins containing a WILD by the active multiplier amount. Please see the table below for a detailed view of how the phases work. Free spins awarded Active WILD win multiplier Total dynamite required Phase 1 5 3x 0 Phase 2 +5 7x 2 Phase 3 +5 15x 5 Phase 4 +5 50x 12 BONUS GAME – THE UGLY Random immediate win between 25x – 100x your bet. AUTO PLAY Auto play plays the game automatically for the number of game rounds selected in the SPIN OPTIONS menu. Selecting Turbo will enable fast play. Selecting Super Turbo will enable even faster play. However, please note that Auto play, Turbo and Super Turbo features are not available in some jurisdictions. To use autoplay, simply select the number of auto-spins you desire by selecting number. Then choose a total loss limit and then press the button to CONFIRM and start spins. You may also choose to stop the autoplay if your single spin win exceeds a particular amount. HOW TO PLAY Select your bet amount Press the Spin button to start game Press the bet control buttons to increase or decrease your bet Press the Spin Options menu button to customise your spin experience Press the return button to return to main game Press the turbo switch button to cycle between normal & turbo spin speeds RETURN TO PLAYER The overall theoretical return to player is 95%. GAME SETTINGS Game Sounds - Turn the sounds on or off. Pay Table - Find out how much each symbol pays out, explanations of the game features, and information on the paylines. Game Rules - Opens the rules of the game. auto play DEMO PLAY The Operator's Demo Mode games are a sample of the Play for Real version. They play with the exact same rules and random number generator. Demo Mode versions of games allow you to play for ‘fun money’ that has no financial value. GAMING SYSTEM MALFUNCTION The Operator reserves the right to withhold winnings and void wagers if a Player manipulates the games in a fraudulent manner or the Gaming System itself malfunctions. The definition of such a malfunction extends to an error in the published odds or pay tables, or a game not working in accordance with its published rules. INTERRUPTED GAMES If an interrupted game is not completed within 1 day(s), it shall end. Any accumulated winnings that are linked to the interrupted game will be awarded. The maximum win from a single game is £100,000 Last modification date: 9/21/2020