Fruit Mania GDN Game Reels: 5 Paylines: 5 Golden Nights Bonus With an additional bet the Golden Nights Bonus Feature is activated, which can trigger a jackpot side game with every spin. When the Golden Nights Bonus is triggered, three chests appear that open successively from left to right. If all three chests are filled, continue to the Golden Nights draw. The collected points on the reels fill the thermometer and thus determine the Jackpot win. Questionmark symbols can be worth between 7 and 15 points. The player can choose between different additional bets. With increasing additional bet per spin a higher win is possible and a prefillment is awarded to the thermometer. Furthermore, when playing on the highest additional bet, the chance to trigger the Golden Nights Bonus is increased and it is possible to obtain a special win. Gamble Card gamble The card gamble can be entered by clicking the gamble button with the cards symbol. The win can be gambled by betting on the color of the next card. If the color of the drawn card matches the choice, the win is doubled. In case the colors don’t match, the risked win is lost. Ladder gamble The ladder gamble can be entered by clicking the gamble button with the ladder symbol. In case of win, you will land on the highlighted step above your current one, in case of loss on the highlighted lower one. Gambling is not possible for high wins or in autoplay mode. Rules All wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right for identical symbols on adjacent reels. All wins count on payed lines only. Wins on different lines are added. Only the highest win counts on each line. Return to Player (RTP) This game has a return to player 96.12%. This side game has a return to player of at least 96.02% . This RTP represents the long term theoretical game payout. Wins and winning combinations are shown in the paytable. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Operation In general TOTAL BET increase/decrease bet LINES increase/decrease number of lines MAX BET maximum bet and number of lines GOLDEN NIGHTS activates and deactivates jackpot bets SPIN total bet is deducted from balance, reels start to spin during a spin: reels stop immediately STOP reels stop immediately AUTO reels spin automatically AUTO OFF stops automatic reel spin CARD GAMBLE gamble win in card gamble LADDER GAMBLE gamble win in ladder gamble TAKE WIN take the win, win is booked to balance MENU setting options and information HOME back to the main screen Free games STOP stops countdown for automatic free games entry (if game has free games), free games have to be started manually Card gamble RED gambles on red BLACK gambles on black TAKE WIN take the win, win is booked to balance SPLIT collect half of the win, the second half can still be gambled Ladder gamble GAMBLE STEP gambles on the next step TAKE WIN take the win, win is booked to balance SPLIT collect half of the win, the second half can still be gambled Menu +/- increase/decrease bet and if applicable number of lines PAYTABLE display of winning combinations INFO "i" rules SETTINGS more setting options SOUND turn sound on/off Settings TURBO SPIN reels spin faster AUTOMATIC FREE GAMES ENTRY free games start after countdown (if game has free games) LEFT HAND MODE user interface for left-handers (only mobile) Paylines The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 6/4/2020