Krakatoa Game Rules A Substitute symbol will substitutes for all symbols except Scatters. Substitute symbol appears on reels 3, 4 and 5 during paid games only. ‘LuckyBreak’ symbol always appears on screen with a random Prize of 1, 2, 3, 5, 10, 20, 50 or 100 multiplied by total bet OR with Major, Maxi, Minor or Mini Bonuses as displayed during the paid games and Free Games Feature only. Total bet played during the Feature is same as the game that triggered the Feature. Scatters pay in any position. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels, except scatters and Bonuses. All wins on lit lines only except scatters and Bonuses. Highest win only on each line except scatters and Bonuses. All Wins are added. The game has a return to player of 96.43%. LUCKY BREAK FEATURE During paid games or Free Games feature, 6 or more 'LuckyBreak' triggers the Lucky Break Feature. At the beginning of Lucky Break Feature, 3 rings appear and randomly position themselves on top of any 3 'LuckyBreak' on screen as displayed. Initially 6 free spins are awarded in the Lucky Break Feature. During each spin, rings may move randomly and position themselves at new locations on screen. 'LuckyBreak ' symbol always appears on screen with a random Prize of 1, 2, 3, 5, 50, 100, 150 or 200 multiplied by total bet OR with Grand, Major, Maxi, Minor or Mini as displayed. When a 'LuckyBreak' appears inside the ring, the prize as displayed is awarded. When a '+1 Free Game', '+2 Free Games' or '+3 Free Games' appears inside the ring, an additional 1, 2 or 3 free spins are awarded respectively. Bonus Prizes The Bonus prizes are awarded when 'LuckyBreak' with Grand, Major, Maxi, Minor or Mini appears inside a ring. FREE GAMES FEATURE During paid games, 6 or more 'Free Games' triggers the Free Games Feature. The number of free games awarded at the beginning or during retrigger of the Free Games Features is equal to the number of 'Free Games' symbols that triggered the feature. Substitute symbol appears on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. 'Multiplier Substitute' appears on reel 3 only with a multiplier of x2 or x3 as displayed. 'Multiplier Substitute' substitutes for all symbols except Scatters. 6 or more 'Free Games' re-triggers the Free Games Feature. Substitute appears in all positions on reel 5 only. The Substitute symbols on reel 5 are displayed as a ‘Wild Stack’. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 6/5/2020