Diamond Deal Introduction To play Diamond Deal, simply begin opening boxes. You are hunting for the 10 diamonds hidden on the board of 50 squares. If you open an empty box, you will lose a life and your prize amount will fall. Lose all 4 lives and the game will end. Each time you find a diamond, your current prize will increase and you have the choice of whether to cash out or not. Your lives will also reset to 4 each time you find another diamond. You can cash out at any time after you have found your first diamond. Rules Before you start, decide how much you're willing to bet. The higher your bet, the more money you can win. The jackpot shows the maximum amount to be won for that bet. The board consists of 50 squares – there are 10 diamonds hidden on the board. When a square is clicked, the random number generator will determine whether the square contains a diamond or not. If you have found a diamond, a winning animation will display showing your prize counting up, your lives resetting and the cash out button will flash. If the square does not have a diamond, you will see a life light switched off and the prize amount fall. Once the player has found a diamond, he or she can choose whether to cash out or continue. Capping Occasionally the jackpot may be capped to a certain amount. This figure will be shown as the ‘Jackpot’. After finding the maximum number of diamonds required to reach the jackpot, the game will automatically award the win. This does not impact on RTP, except for a minor positive advantage in the player’s favour. Average Payout Diamond Deal is a chance based game where the outcome is NOT pre-determined. This means that the players choices are meaningful within the context of the random number generator calculating the odds of a diamond being found within a given square. The player chooses whether to cash out or not at each square after the first diamond has been found. The theoretical RTP is thus calculated on the premise that a player is equally likely to cash out or continue after opening a box. RTP: 92% Jackpot and Paytable Although, the formulation is provided for those who wish to calculate it, these figures are pre-calculated for the player at each point and are prominently displayed. The player can always check both amounts on the screen at the top of the game board at any point. Next diamond is worth: £X and the number of diamonds in a row for the jackpot amount is stated underneath. Next win The value of the next diamond that might be found is calculated depending on what has just happened – the number of empty boxes opened or not. The total jackpot available will also be recalculated at each player decision. We take the highest amount that was available to the player at any point in the game (called "base amount") and divide it into four parts. Each part is represented as a life. Every time a box is picked, the player risks that part of money. When an empty box is picked, that part of the money is lost. If a diamond is found, you are given your stake multiplied by the number of unopened boxes (inclusive of the box opened) divided by the number of diamonds remaining (also inclusive). This is then multiplied by a constant figure of 0.92149 plus the ‘part stake’ quarters that have not yet been used – that is number of lives left. That number is then rounded to three significant figures using the standard rounding rule. If you continue picking, this ‘win’ amount is the new stake and will be divided into 4 parts – represented by 4 reset lives. The formula then begins again. The formula can be summarised as follows: The next diamond will be worth: ((base amount / 4) * ((unopened boxes / diamonds remaining) * 0.92149)) + (base amount * ((lives left - 1) / 4)) Jackpot To calculate the available jackpot, apply to formula repeatedly to the remaining diamonds, assuming they can all be found in a row. Paytable Using both the winning formula and the fractional stake theory, it is possible to calculate the paytable for any given combination of events. Example for a stake of £1: Box type opened Current amount 1st Pick empty £1 * 3 / 4 = £0.75 2nd Pick empty £1 * 2 / 4 = £0.50 3rd Pick empty £1 * 1 / 4 = £0.25 4th Pick diamond £1 / 4 * 47 remaining boxes / 10 diamonds remaining * 0.92149 + £1 * 0 / 4 = £1.08 £1.08 now becomes the new base amount. The player can from now on choose to cash-out 5th Pick empty £1.08 * 3 / 4 = £0.81 6th Pick diamond £1.08 / 4 * 45 remaining boxes / 9 diamonds remaining * 0.92149 + £1.08 * 2 / 4 = £1.78 £1.78 now becomes the new base amount. Interrupted play We know that internet connections can sometimes be unreliable or something can interrupt the game. We try to make this as fair as possible to you. For example, if you run out of battery while playing or you've reached your personal daily time limit, when you return, the game will start at the point you left. But we do ask you to finish any game you have started within 24 hours or we will mark your game as abandoned and you will lose your stake. Demo Play The Operator's Demo Mode games are a sample of the Play for Real version. They play with the exact same rules and random number generator. Demo Mode versions of games allow you to play for "fun money" that has no financial value. Gaming System Malfunction The Operator reserves the right to withhold winnings and void wagers if a Player manipulates the games in a fraudulent manner or the Gaming System itself malfunctions. The definition of such a malfunction extends to an error in the published odds or pay tables, or a game not working in accordance with its published rules. Last modification date: 3/2/2017