Snake FULL RULES Welcome to the SNAKE! This video slot features a classic SNAKE Jackpot bonus game and FREE SPINS with a random multiplier bonus. GAME RULES SNAKE is a video slot with 5 reels and FIXED 20 paylines oriented from left to right. All wins are multiplied by bet per line, except Scatter wins. Scatter wins are multiplied by total bet. All symbols pay from left to right on selected paylines, except Scatters. Only the highest win is paid per line. When winning on multiple paylines, all wins are added to the total win. The game has eight regular symbols that win if three or more are lined up in sequence on a payline, beginning from the furthest left position. The bet amount is split equally between the 20 paylines to give the bet per line. AUTO PLAY SPIN OPTIONS Auto-play plays the game automatically for the number of game rounds selected in the SPIN OPTIONS menu. Selecting Turbo will enable fast play. Selecting Super Turbo will enable even faster play, and auto-skips all animations except big win or feature. To use auto-play, simply select the number of auto-spins you desire by selecting number. Then choose a total loss limit and then press the button to CONFIRM and start spins. Press the button to CONFIRM and start spins. You may also choose to stop the auto-play if your single spin win exceeds a particular amount. You may also choose to stop the auto-play when JACKPOT is won. BONUS GAME During the bonus game the player controls a snake and must collect pellets which award either a cash value, bonus meter contribution, jackpot meter contribution or bomb. Each time a player collects 3 bonus meter contribution pellets the next pellet placed is a guaranteed cash pellet. Once 3 bonus meter contribution pellets are collected the Bonus meter will reset. The bonus game ends when the player either collects a bomb from a pellet or crashes the head of the snake into the body. The bonus game will also end if the Jackpot is won - Only the Jackpot amount will be paid in this case. Enabling Auto-Snake will enable automatic control of the Snake during the bonus game. Here the Snake will follow the shortest route to the nearest collectable at all times. While Auto-Snake is very accurate, more skilled players may wish to control the Snake themselves, as the Auto-Snake option does not mean 100% accuracy. The game has a Jackpot of between £10,000 ‐ £15,000. The Jackpot amount will always be displayed above the in-game screen during the bonus game. This is a static Jackpot and would award the displayed value only. This can be won if the Snake bonus game is entered via 3 or more bonus scatter symbols and if one of the following conditions are met: The player fills the Jackpot meter during bonus game. The player completes the bonus game by having a full-size snake. During the feature a player can win between 1.1x to 34x of their total bet, not including Jackpot chance. Landing 4 or 5 bonus symbols will give a guaranteed win of 50x and 500x of total bet on top of the feature win. COLLECTION MECHANIC During the main game the player can collect letter fragments on each reel – ‘S’, ‘N’, ‘A’, ‘K’ ‘E’. Each letter fragment can only appear on a specific reel. For example ‘S’ can only appear on reel 1, ‘N’ can only appear on reel 2, ‘A’ can only appear on reel 3 etc. Collecting these fragments will begin to light up the word ‘SNAKE’. When 3 of each of the fragments are collected, it will fully light ‘SNAKE’ and award the player the bonus game. The amount a player will win here is based on bonus pool contribution of 15% of the collective sum of every bet. The bonus pool resets each time the collection feature plays out. If the player completes the fragment collection and is also awarded another bonus feature such as free spins/bonus – both bonuses will be played out, one after the other. Fragments collected by the player are saved between game sessions. FREE SPINS Free spins are activated by 3 or more free spin symbols present on the reels. This will award 10 free spins. Collection fragments have a much higher chance of appearing during free spins. Free spins play at the same Bet and lines as the spin that triggered them. During each free spin round, a random multiplier will be awarded to each spin as shown below; Multiplier Chance 1 14% 2 17% 3 21% 4 17% 5 10% 6 7% 7 5% 8 4% 9 3% 10 2% Total: 100% In the event a Bonus is triggered during a free spin, that win is also multiplied by the associated multiplier. Free spins can be re-triggered. Re-trigger gives an additional 10 free spins. Landing 4 or 5 free spin symbols will give a guaranteed win of 50x and 500x of total bet on top of the feature win. HOW TO PLAY Select your bet amount. Press the Spin button to start game. Press the Spin Options menu button to customise your spin experience Press the bet control buttons to increase or decrease your bet amount Press the Menu button to access game settings Press the return button to return to main game RETURN TO PLAYER The overall theoretical return to player is 98.005%. KEYBOARD SHORTCUTS ‘SPACEBAR’ and ‘ENTER’ buttons on the keyboard can be used to start and stop the spin. Pressing and holding these buttons will spin using Super Turbo mode. ‘I’ can be used to open/close the pay table and ‘ESCAPE’ can be used to close any open menu screen. During the bonus game WASD as well as the D-Pad arrow directional keys may be used to control the snake. GAME SETTINGS Game Sounds– Turn the sounds on or off. Pay Table– Find out how much each symbol pays out, explanations of the game features, and information on the paylines. Game Rules– Opens the rules of the game. Home– Takes the player back to the games lobby. DEMO PLAY The Operator's Demo Mode games are a sample of the Play for Real version. They play with the exact same rules and random number generator. Demo Mode versions of games allow you to play for "fun money" that has no financial value. GAMING SYSTEM MALFUNCTION The Operator reserves the right to withhold winnings and void wagers if a Player manipulates the games in a fraudulent manner or the Gaming System itself malfunctions. The definition of such a malfunction extends to an error in the published odds or pay tables, or a game not working in accordance with its published rules. INTERRUPTED GAMES If an interrupted game is not completed within 90 days, it shall end. The player's bet and accumulated winnings that are linked to the interrupted game will be lost. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/19/2020