Action Dragons Game Features Awards FREE GAMES FEATURE 10 free games are triggered by any 3 or more scattered 'Action Dragons'. During the Free Games Feature, 'Dragon' appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. 'Scroll' appears on reels 1 and 5 and appears during the Free Games Feature only. During the Free Games Feature, the Free Games Feature paytable is applied Lucky Multiplier Bonus Spin FEATURE When the 'Scroll' appears on reel 1 and 5, 3 Lucky Multiplier Bonus Spins are awarded. 'Dragon x2', 'Dragon x3' and 'Dragon x5' appear during the Lucky Multiplier Bonus Spin only on reel 3 and substitutes for all symbols. During the Lucky Multiplier Bonus Spin, 'Dragon' appears on reels 2, 4 and 5 only. During the first Lucky Multiplier Bonus Spin, 'Dragon x2' appears. During the second Lucky Multiplier Bonus Spin, 'Dragon x3' appears. During the third Lucky Multiplier Bonus Spin, 'Dragon x5' appears. When 'Dragon x2', 'Dragon x3' or 'Dragon x5' substitutes in a winning combination, the prize for that win is multiplied by x2, x3 or x5 respectively. During the Lucky Multiplier Bonus Spin, the Lucky Multiplier Bonus Spin paytable is applied. After the Lucky Multiplier Bonus Spin Feature, the game returns to the remaining free games of the Free Games Feature, if applicable. 'Action Dragons', 'Ace', 'King', 'Queen', 'Jack', 'Ten' and 'Nine' cannot appear during the Free Games Feature and the Lucky Multiplier Bonus Spin. Bet and lines played are the same as the game that triggered this Feature. Win Lines 'Dragon' substitutes for all symbols except scatters, 'Scroll', 'Dragon x2', 'Dragon x3' and 'Dragon x5'. 'Dragon' appears on reels 3, 4 and 5 only during paid games. 'Action Dragons' is a scatter. Scatters pay in any position. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels, except scatters. All wins on lit lines only except scatters. Highest win only on each line except scatters. All Wins are added. The game has a return to player of 96.57%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 8/24/2020