Boom Boom Boom Game Rules Boom Boom Boom™ is a 5-reel, 3-row video slot featuring Wild Multipliers and the Hold and Respin Feature. The game is always played with 243 Ways except for the Hold And Respin Feature. Each winning combination is made up of only one symbol from each reel. All wins pay left to right, beginning with the leftmost reel. Each symbol can be used only once per winning combination. Highest win only for each winning combination. Wins on different combinations are added. Hold and Respin Feature wins are added to base game wins. All wins shown in currency. Displayed Scatter symbol values and Bonus Prizes are proportional to the selected bet and displayed as such. Game outcome is random and cannot be influenced by the actions of the player. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Wild Multipliers 3 types of Wild symbol may land on the reels in the base game: Regular Wild - does not not multiply wins. x2 Wild - multiplies wins for combinations that it's a part of by 2. x3 Wild - multiplies wins for combinations that it's a part of by 3. Each Wild Symbol substitutes for all symbols except Scatters. Multiple Wild symbols may land in a single spin. Total win multiplier is the product of all wilds multipliers. For example, for a spin with winning regular Wild, x2 Wild and x3 Wild, applicable wins are multiplied by 6. Scatter values are not affected by x2 and x3 Wild symbols. Wild symbols appear on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. Wild symbols appear in the base game only. Hold and Respin Feature 3, 4 or 5 or Scatter symbols landing on adjacent reels from left to right, beginning with the leftmost reel trigger the Hold and Respin Feature. Hold and Respin Feature consists of 1, 2 or 3 sets of 15 individual, single postion reels. Each reelset is referred to as "Game" for the purpose of the game ruling. Number or Games in play depends on the number of triggering symbols in base game: - 3 winning Scatters: Game 1 in play. - 4 winning Scatters: Games 1 and 2 in play. - 5 winning Scatter symbols: Games 1, 2 and 3 in play. Games not being in play are dimmed during the feature. Hold and Respin Feature includes:- 5 initial Bonus spins. - Unique set of winning symbols for each reelset. - Scatter symbols summing up to the Credit Prize at the end of the feature. - +1 and +2 Spin symbols awarding additional Bonus Spins for each Game in play. - Bomb symbols transforming into 2 or 3 Scatters. - Firecracker symbols multiplying all the scatter values in the triggering Game by 2 or 3. - Up to 3 Jackpots per each Feature play. All triggering Scatter symbols and their values are carried into the Hold and Respin Feature and are held on corresponding individual reels for each Game in play. Scatter values are displayed in credits. 1 credit equals 1 cent of the currency in play. For Each Bonus Spin, all unoccupied reels for each Game spin and a symbol lands on each reel. The following winning symbols may land on the reels during the Hold and Respin Feature: Scatter symbol can appear in all Bonus Games. Value present on the symbol is added to the total win at the end of the feature. Held on the reels. Collecting a full set of 15 Scatters in any Game in play awards a Jackpot: 15 Scatters in Game 1 award the Glory Jackpot. 15 Scatters in Game 2 award the Liberty Jackpot. 15 Scatters in Game 3 award Patriot bonus. Up to 3 Jackpots may be awarded during a single Hold and Respin Feature. +1 Spin and +2 Spins symbols can appear in all Bonus Games. +1 Spin and +2 Spins symbols add 1 or 2 additional bonus spin for all Bonus Games in play, respectively. Not held on the reels. Only one of these two symbols may appear in a single spin for each Game in play. Bomb symbol can appear in Games 2 and 3. Bomb symbol transforms into a Scatter symbol and randomly spawns 1 or 2 additional Scatter symbols of the same value in triggering Game. Generated scatter values is randomly selected. Additional scatters can spawn on any reel with no Scatter symbol in the triggering bonus spin. If both Bomb and Firecracker symbols land in a single spin in Game 3, the Bomb symbol is resolved first. Firecracker symbol can appear in Game 3 only. Firecracker symbol transforms into x2 or x3 multiplier on landing. All scatter symbol values in Game 3 are multiplied by the revealed value. Not held on the reels. The multiplier value is determined randomly All other symbols appearing on the Bonus reels are dimmed and are not evaluated. Possible landing Scatter values are 0.2, 0.5, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 8, 10, 12, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40, 50 and 75 times base bet for each Game in play. Hold and Respin feature ends once no Bonus Spins remain or 15 Scatter symbols are collected for each Game in play. Values of all collected Scatters and Bonus Prizes are summed to the total feature win at the end of the Hold and Respin Feature. Jackpot Prizes Patriot Jackpot value is 1000x base bet. Liberty Jackpot value is 375x base bet. Glory Jackpot value is 95x base bet. All Jackpot Prizes can be awarded during the Hold and Respin feature only. Game Operation Spin Button: click to initiate a game round at the currently selected bet. Clicking the button during spins, feature summaries and multiplier animations fast-forwards them. Spacebar can be used in the desktop version of the game to perform spins. Bet Button: click to select the base bet. Press ‘+’ to increase the base bet. Press ‘-’ to decrease the base bet. Autoplay Button: Click to open the autoplay menu. Turbo Button: click to enable the Turbo Mode Spins will be performed more rapidly in the Turbo Mode. Turbo mode applies to base game, Free Games and the Gold Gold Gold™ feature. Click again to disable the Turbo Mode. Pays Button: click to open the Pays section. Settings Button: click to access Game Settings and the detailed Game Rules. Extra Bonus Chance Button: click to enable the Extra Bonus Chance mode. Extra Bonus Chance mode increases the overall chances of hitting the Gold Gold Gold™ Feature by approximately 48.57%. Some of the features might not be available based on limitations in current jurisdiction. Extra Bonus Chance Extra Bonus Chance mode uses an alternate set of reels with higher chance of triggering the Hold and Respin feature. Extra Bonus Chance increases the bet cost by 50%. The cost is added to the base bet. All symbols and Bonus payouts remain the same as for the base bet without the Extra Bonus Chance enabled. All other game rules remain the same as for the base game mode. Extra Bonus Chance can be enabled and disabled only when there’s no game currently in progress. Extra Feature Chance cannot be combined with Buy Feature. Autoplay Settings Number of spins: the number of auto spins to perform. Autoplay can be stopped at any moment. Stop on any feature: If enabled, the autoplay will be stopped upon hitting bonus feature, depending on the game played. Loss limit: The autoplay will be stopped if the total loss during autoplay exceeds the selected value. Loss is calculated as the difference between bets placed and the total win collected during the autoplay session. Stop on single win above: The autoplay will stop if a single game win exceeds the selected value during the autoplay. Last modification date: 4/16/2024