Tomb of Nefertiti Game Rules Tomb of Nefertiti is a video slot with 4 features: Win Respins, Wild Raider, Curse of Nefertiti and Raider Spins. A 5-reel, 3-row video slot with 12 symbols and with 15 independently spinning positions. There are 20 win lines during normal game and 40 win lines during Raider Spins. Wild symbols can only appear on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. A Wild symbol substitutes for any other symbol except Bonus symbol. A Wild symbol substitutes for the highest possible winning combination on a win line according to the pay table. Coinciding wins on multiple win lines are paid out. A winning combination pays from left to right. Winning combinations and pays are made according to the pay table. Different reel configurations are used, depending on the game mode (main game or any of the bonus modes). Main game: A win will award a respin with increased multiplier, maximum of 2 respins can be awarded. Main game: Landing 3 Bonus symbols will award 10 Freespins, additional Bonus symbol will award 5 additional spins per Bonus. Win Respins: A win will award a respin, maximum of 2 respins can be awarded. Win Respins: All winning symbols on a win line (except Wild symbols) are respun up to two times where the frst and the second respins have X2 and X3 multipliers respectively. Wild Raider: Feature is triggered randomly in main game. Wild Raider: 2 up to 9 Wilds may land on the center 3 reels. Curse of Nefertiti: Feature is triggered randomly in main game. Curse of Nefertiti: Center 3 reels, all 9 positions will sync and reveal the same symbol on all positions. Curse of Nefertiti: On winning respins all 9 center positions will respin if not Wild symbol. Raider Spins: Raider Spin mode is enabled when there are 3 or more Bonus symbols on any spin. Raider Spins: 10 spins are awarded and 5 extra spins for every additional Bonus above 3. Raider Spins: Wild Raider feature will trigger for every Raider spin, giving one wild on one of the positions on the middle 3 reels. Raider Spins: During Raider Spins the multiplier increases for every win. Raider Spins: During Raider Spins 20 extra win lines are added. Raider Spins: Retrigger with Bonus symbols, each Bonus symbol adds an extra spin. Raider Spins Respin: All winning symbols on a win line (except Wild symbols) are respun up to two times. Raider Spins Respin: Every unlit gem at the eye multiplier indicates the number of additional respins can be won. Theoretical return to the player for this game is 96.19%. A malfunction voids all winnings. Malfunction in gaming hardware/software; all affected bets are refunded. All game states will be saved for 6 months. When playing with Cryptocurrency, unfinished game rounds and states will automatically reset after 24 hours. Any accumulated wins during this round will be paid out. Autoplay automatically plays the game for selected number of rounds or when any of the advanced autoplay setting criteria’s are fulfilled. When changing autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take effect upon completion of the game round or feature. Some autoplay features may be mandatory for some jurisdictions. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 6/9/2020