Crystal Ball RHFP The "Crystal Ball" guides the player on a journey to medieval world of fantasy. During free games feature reels with bonus symbols are stamped to full bonus symbol reels. Now also available with the great adventure of an additional jackpot side game. Game Reels: 5 Paylines: 5 "Crystal Ball" is Wild and substitutes for all symbols except bonus symbols in free games feature. Multiple symbols Wild on one line count as top combination "Wizard" if this is the highest win on this line. "Crystal Ball" is Scatter. Free games 10 free games are triggered by 3/4/5 Scatters. During free games feature it is possible to trigger additional free games. The free games feature starts with the draw of a bonus symbol. Every symbol except "Crystal Ball" is able to become bonus symbol. In case of retriggering freegames there is not a new draw of bonus symbol. In free games, in case that "Wizard" is the bonus symbol, multiple symbols Wild on one line count as combination "Unicorn" if it’s the highest win on this line. When at least 2 or 3 bonus symbols occur on different reels (depending on the symbol, a win has to be formed), after the win evaluation of the normal line wins the reels with bonus symbols are stamped to full bonus symbol reels. The bonus symbols are evaluated as Scatter-on-win-line. Side Game RED HOT FIREPOT With an additional bet the Red Hot Firepot Jackpot Feature is activated, which can trigger a jackpot side game with every spin. When the Red Hot Firepot is triggered, three ovens appear that open successively from left to right. If all three ovens are lit, continue to the Firepot draw. The collected points on the reels fill the thermometer and thus determine the Jackpot win. Questionmark symbols can be worth between 7 and 15 points. The player can choose between different additional bets. With increasing additional bet per spin a higher win is possible, the chance to trigger the Firepot is increased and a prefillment is awarded to the thermometer. Gamble Card gamble The card gamble can be entered by clicking the gamble button with the cards symbol. The win can be gambled by betting on the of the next card. If the of the drawn card matches the choice, the win is doubled. In case the s don’t match, the risked win is lost. Ladder gamble The ladder gamble can be entered by clicking the gamble button with the ladder symbol. In case of win, you will land on the highlighted step above your current one, in case of loss on the highlighted lower one. Gambling is not possible for high wins or in autoplay mode. Rules All wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right for identical symbols on adjacent reels. All wins count on payed lines only. Wins on different lines are added. Only the highest win counts on each line. Scatters pay in any position. Scatter wins are added to line wins. Only the highest Scatter win counts. Free games are free-to-play. Bet per line and lines played are the same as in the spin that triggered the free games feature. Reel strips during free games are different to the reel strips during paid games. Return to Player (RTP) This game has a return to player 96.12%. This side game has a return to player of at least 96.05% . This RTP represents the long term theoretical game payout. Wins and winning combinations are shown in the paytable. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Operation In general TOTAL BET increase/decrease bet LINES increase/decrease number of lines MAX BET maximum bet and number of lines FIREPOT activates and deactivates firepot bets SPIN total bet is deducted from balance, reels start to spin during a spin: reels stop immediately STOP reels stop immediately AUTO reels spin automatically AUTO OFF stops automatic reel spin CARD GAMBLE gamble win in card gamble LADDER GAMBLE gamble win in ladder gamble TAKE WIN take the win, win is booked to balance MENU setting options and information HOME back to the main screen Free games STOP stops countdown for automatic free games entry (if game has free games), free games have to be started manually Card gamble RED gambles on red BLACK gambles on black SPLIT collect half of the win, the second half can still be gambled Ladder gamble GAMBLE STEP gambles on the next step Menu +/- increase/decrease bet and if applicable number of lines PAYTABLE display of winning combinations INFO "i" rules SETTINGS more setting options SOUND turn sound on/off Settings TURBO SPIN reels spin faster AUTOMATIC FREE GAMES ENTRY free games start after countdown (if game has free games) LEFT HAND MODE user interface for left-handers (only mobile) Paylines Last modification date: 6/4/2020