Casino Diamond Game Rules Casino Diamond is a 3-reel, classic stepper online slot game played on 9 lines featuring the Casino Diamond Bonus Feature. Base Game RTP is 96%. All RTPs represent the long term theoretical payback. Minimum bet: $3.00. Maximum bet: $30.00. The game is played on fixed 9 lines except for the Casino Diamond Bonus Feature. Each winning combination is made up of only one symbol from each reel. All wins pay left to right on adjacent reels beginning with the leftmost reel, except for the Casino Diamond Bonus Feature. Each symbol can be used only once per winning combination. Highest win only for each winning combination. Wins on different combinations are added. All wins shown in currency. Displayed currency values of Bonus Prizes are proportional to the selected bet and shown accordingly. Animations in the background are visual only and do not represent increased chances of winning. Paytable win values are displayed for the currently selected bet. Game outcome is random and cannot be influenced by the actions of the player. Orange 7, Teal 7, Purple 7, BAR, Double BAR, and Triple BAR symbols may appear on the reels during the Base Game with no multiplier, a x2 multiplier, or a x5 multiplier on each reel. Multipliers multiply winning combinations only. Two or more multipliers on a payline multiply together and multiply the winning combination. The maximum total multiplier for a winning combination is x125. Wild symbols may appear on all reels and substitute for all symbols except: - Symbols with attached multipliers - Diamond Scatter symbols ANY 7’s and ANY BAR’s combinations pay as per the paytable. When multipliers are present, they apply to the respective ANY BAR’s and ANY 7’s pays and multiply those wins accordingly. Diamond Scatter symbols may appear on each reel. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. CASINO DIAMOND BONUS FEATURE 3 or more Diamond Scatter symbols trigger the Casino Diamond Bonus Feature. Upon entering the Casino Diamond Bonus Feature, the player receives an Entry Reward equal to x2 the triggering bet. The x2 Entry Reward does not depend on whether the feature is entered with 3, 4, or 5 Diamond Scatter symbols. Casino Diamond Bonus Feature consists of an alternate set of bonus reels. All Diamond Scatter symbols that triggered the feature are carried into the Casino Diamond Bonus Feature and count as your starting collected Diamond Scatter symbols. 6 Bonus Spins are awarded at the start of the Casino Diamond Bonus Feature. Bonus Prize levels are available to win only during Casino Diamond Bonus Feature. Bonus Prize Levels and the number of collected Diamond Scatter symbols required: Bonus Prize Level Bonus Prize Value Collected Diamond Scatter Symbols 6 1000 21 5 100 18 4 20 15 3 15 12 2 10 9 1 5 6 Bonus Prize Values are multiplied by the currently selected bet. Each Bonus Prize level requires a specific total number of collected Diamond Scatter symbols to be won. During the feature, regular Diamond Scatter symbols count as +1 collected symbol, Diamond Scatter x2 symbols as +2, and Diamond Scatter x3 symbols as +3 collected symbols. Any Diamond Scatter landed during Bonus Spins is added to the collected Diamond Scatter symbol amount and accumulated until the Casino Diamond Bonus Feature ends. At the end of the feature, the highest Bonus Prize level achieved, if any is awarded - whichever required number of collected Diamond Scatters has been achieved. The feature ends when no Bonus Spins are remaining, or immediately upon reaching the final Bonus Prize level. Game Operation Spin Button: click to initiate a game round at the currently selected bet. Clicking the button during spins, feature summaries and feature animations fast-forwards them. Spacebar can be used in the desktop version of the game to perform spins. Bet Button: click to select the base bet. Press ‘+’ to increase the base bet. Press ‘-’ to decrease the base bet. Autoplay Button: Click to open the autoplay menu. Pays Button: click to open the Pays section. Settings Button: click to access game settings and the detailed Game Rules. Some of the features might not be available based on limitations in current jurisdiction. Autoplay Settings Number of spins: the number of auto spins to perform. Autoplay can be stopped at any moment. Stop on any feature: If enabled, the autoplay will be stopped upon hitting any bonus feature, depending on the game played. Loss limit: The autoplay will be stopped if the total loss during autoplay exceeds the selected value. Loss is calculated as the difference between bets placed and total win collected during the autoplay session. Stop on single win above: The autoplay will stop if a single game win exceeds the selected value during the autoplay. Available autoplay settings depend on the jurisdiction. Last modification date: 3/5/2026