Ramses Book Respins of Amun-Re The Egyptian-themed high class gaming experience Ramses Book shines with the powerful "Book" symbol, which is Wild and awards the player with free games with bonus symbol. Go and use these egyptian Respins of Amun-Re to gain great jackpot winnings up to the Super Ra. PLAY NOW Game Reels : 5 Paylines : 5/10 selectable "Book" is Wild and substitutes for all symbols except bonus symbols. Multiple symbols Wild on one line count as top combination "Ramses" if this is the highest win on this line. "Book" is Scatter. Free games 10 free games are triggered by 3/4/5 Scatters. During free games feature it is possible to trigger additional free games. The free games feature starts with the draw of a bonus symbol. Every symbol except "Book" is able to become bonus symbol. In case of retriggering freegames there is not a new draw of bonus symbol. In free games, in case that "Ramses" is the bonus symbol, multiple symbols Wild on one line count as combination "Obelisk" if it’s the highest win on this line. When at least 2 or 3 bonus symbols occur on different reels (depending on the symbol, a win has to be formed), after the win evaluation of the normal line wins the reels with bonus symbols are stamped to full bonus symbol reels. The bonus symbols are evaluated as Scatter-on-win-line. Side Game Repins of Amun-Re Bonus Symbols only occur in basegame. 5 or more bonus symbols trigger 3 Respins of Amun-Re. During respins, all visible Bonus Symbols are sticky. The Bonus Symbols that trigger respins stay in place. All other positions become individual reels. Individual reels only contain Bonus Symbols or empty spaces. During the Respins of Amun-Re, when one or more Bonus Symbols stop, the number of remaining respins is reset to 3. At the end of respins, the values of all visible Bonus Symbols are added up. Bonus Symbol wins are only rewarded at the end of Respins of Amun-Re. If there are Bonus Symbols on all available positions, respins end early and additionally, the Super-Ra Bonus is rewarded. Gamble Card gamble The card gamble can be entered by clicking the gamble button with the cards symbol. The win can be gambled by betting on the of the next card. If the of the drawn card matches the choice, the win is doubled. In case the s don’t match, the risked win is lost. Ladder gamble The ladder gamble can be entered by clicking the gamble button with the ladder symbol. In case of win, you will land on the highlighted step above your current one, in case of loss on the highlighted lower one. Gambling is not possible for high wins or in autoplay mode. Rules All wins begin with the leftmost reel and pay left to right for identical symbols on adjacent reels. All wins count on payed lines only. Wins on different lines are added. Only the highest win counts on each line. Scatters pay in any position. Scatter wins are added to line wins. Only the highest Scatter win counts. Free games are free-to-play. Bet per line and lines played are the same as in the spin that triggered the free games feature. Reel strips during free games are different to the reel strips during paid games. Return to Player (RTP) This game has a return to player 96.16%. This RTP represents the long term theoretical game payout. Wins and winning combinations are shown in the paytable. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Operation In general TOTAL BET increase/decrease bet LINES increase/decrease number of lines MAX BET maximum bet and number of lines spin - SPIN total bet is deducted from balance, reels start to spin during a spin: reels stop immediately stop - STOP reels stop immediately empty - AUTO reels spin automatically auto_off - AUTO OFF stops automatic reel spin cards - CARD GAMBLE gamble win in card gamble ladder - LADDER GAMBLE gamble win in ladder gamble take_win - TAKE WIN take the win, win is booked to balance menu - MENU setting options and information home - HOME back to the main screen Free games stop_fg STOP stops countdown for automatic free games entry (if game has free games), free games have to be started manually Card gamble red RED gambles on red black BLACK gambles on black split SPLIT collect half of the win, the second half can still be gambled Ladder gamble ladder GAMBLE STEP gambles on the next step Menu +/- increase/decrease bet and if applicable number of lines paytable PAYTABLE display of winning combinations info INFO "i" rules settings SETTINGS more setting options sound SOUND turn sound on/off Settings TURBO SPIN reels spin faster AUTOMATIC FREE GAMES ENTRY free games start after countdown (if game has free games) LEFT HAND MODE user interface for left-handers (only mobile) The maximum win from a single game is £99,000 Last modification date: 6/1/2020