Warrior Graveyard GENERAL INFORMATION Game ID WarriorGraveyard Game type Video slot game, 6x3 reel area (15 symbols) Payout 96.16% Bonus buy Graveyard Spins: 96.20% Bonus buy Death Spins: 96.62% Columns 6 Rows 3 Reel type Standard Lines 25 Bet levels 32 levels Max bet 100 EUR Min bet 0.25 EUR Default bet 1.00 EUR Channels supported Desktop & mobile Game Features xNudge Tombstone Wilds A 3-row high Wild symbol exists on reel 2, 3, 4 and 5 and will always nudge to fully visible. Each nudge increases the Wild multiplier by 1. Several Wild multipliers add to each other for a total Wild multiplier on the line win. Warrior Attack Land 3 or more of the same Warrior symbol landing on the reels will trigger Warrior Attack. The triggered symbol will nudge to cover the reel and increase payout multiplier on each nudge. Then all symbols will move to the left and payout according to payline and paytable. Graveyard Spins Landing 3,4 or 5 Scatters will trigger 8,10 or 12 Graveyard Spins respectively. The Tombstone Wilds will award an unlimited win multiplier that sticks for the entire feature. For every step the Tombstone Wild nudges, the win multiplier increases by 1. A Scatter symbol award +1 extra spin during the Graveyard Spins. Death Spins Landing 6 Scatter symbols triggers 14 Death Spins. Tombstone Wilds will stick to the reels once landed and award a win multiplier for each nudge. For every step the Tombstone Wild nudges, the win multiplier increases by 1. A Scatter symbol award +1 extra spin during the Death Spins. Game Rules Warrior Graveyard is a video slot with following feature(s): xNudge Tombstone Wild Warrior Attack Graveyard Spins Death Spins A 6-reel, 3-row video slot with 15 symbols. The theoretical return to the player for this game is 96.16%. The theoretical return to the player for Graveyard Spins feature buy is 96.20%. The theoretical return to the player for Feature Buy Death Spins is 96.62%. Simulated maximum payout is 9 797 times the bet (10.000.000.000 rounds). 25 win lines (see pay table for more info). A Wild symbol substitutes for any other symbol. A Wild symbol substitutes for the highest possible winning combination on a win line according to the pay table. A Wild symbol will not be counted as a Scatter for Bonus mode triggers. Warrior Attack: In Graveyard Spins and Death Spins the Wild multiplier will be added to the sticky multiplier, then summarized with the Warrior multipliers for the Warrior Attackpayout. A winning combination pays from left to right. Coinciding wins on multiple combinations are paid out. Winning combinations and pays are made according to the pay table. Different reel confgurations are used, depending on the game mode (main game or any of the bonus modes). The highest win per activated win line is paid A malfunction voids all winnings. Malfunction in gaming hardware/software; all afected bets are refunded. All game states will be saved for 6 months. Autoplay automatically plays the game for selected number of rounds or when any of the advanced autoplay setting criterias are fulfilled. When changing autoplay settings during a game round, all settings will take efect upon completion of the game round or feature. Some autoplay features may be mandatory for some juridictions. When playing with Cryptocurrency, unfnished game rounds and states will automatically reset after 24 Any accumulated wins during this round will be paid out. The maximum win from a single game is £ 489,850. Last modification date: 11/3/2020