Crystall Ball Golden Nights Game Features Crystal Ball Golden Nights is a video slot game in 5/3 format (reels / rows). It can be played with 5 paylines and has 10 symbols. It features: Free games with stamping feature Card gamble feature Risk ladder gamble feature Additional jackpot game Main game You can select your stake in the following manner: by cklicking on the LINES (if the number of lines is selectable), on the BET and on the JACKPOT button (desktop version) by cklicking on the LINES (if the number of lines is selectable), on the TOTAL BET and on the JACKPOT button (mobile version) Press SPIN button to start the game. The reels will spin and present the result. The result is then evaluated against the paytable. Your winnings for the game in progress are displayed in the info line in the bottom middle part of the user interface and on slot face. Paylines There are 5 paylines. The following rules apply: All winning combinations must appear from left to right and start on the 1st reel. Only the highest win is paid for each active win-line. Scatter count on any position. Only the highest scatter win counts. Scatter wins are added to win-line wins. Free game feature wins are added to Scatter- and win-line wins. Free game play at the same bet amount as the last spin. All displayed prizes are prize totals with all applicable multipliers already taken into account. Balance, bet and win are shown in player’s currency. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Based on the optimal player strategy, RTP of this game is 96.12%, RTP of the jackpot sidegame is 96.10 %. Free game feature Free game feature allow player to spin the reels and collect wins, without placing a bet. Free spins play at the same bet amount as the last spin. The free game feature starts when 3, 4 or 5 SCATTER appear on the reels. The free game feature starts with a draw of a bonus symbol. Every symbol except ”Crystal Ball” is able to become a bonus symbol. When at least 2 or 3 bonus symbols occur on different reels (depending on the symbol, a win has to be formed), after the win evaluation of the line wins the reels with bonus symbols are stamped to full bonus symbol reels. The bonus symbols are evaluated as scatter-on-win-line. During free games feature it is possible to trigger additional free games. The retrigger count is unbounded. The entire win of the free game feature can also be gambled if this win does not exceed the gamble limit. When the free game feature ends, a pop-up summary appears on the screen, offering an additional gamble button. Gamble feature The gamble feature gives players an option to increase their winnings by gambling the main slot game and free game feature wins. The player can choose between card gamble and risk ladder gamble. None of the gambling features affect game’s RTP. Card gamble In the card gamble game players are presented with a closed deck of cards and they have to guess the colour of the top card by pressing the respective button (red or black). Wins from the card gamble game can be gambled again with, all players need to do is choose the next card’s colour. Players can end the gamble feature by collecting their winnings and adding them to their balance by pressing the collect button. The gamble feature is over when a player makes an incorrect guess or the pre-set gamble limit has been reached. The player has also the possibility to collect half of his win by pressing the split win button. The second half can still be gambled with. Payout ratio in card gamble game is 1:1. Risk ladder gamble In the risk ladder gamble game players are presented with a ladder of win levels and they have a chance to climb up the ladder or fall down (where not all steps are “double or nothing”) by pressing the gambling button. The initial gambling value on the ladder depends on the initial winning value. Wins from the risk ladder game can be gambled again with, all players need to do is press the gambling button again. Players can end the gamble feature by collecting their winnings and adding them to their balance by pressing the collect button. The gamble feature is over when a player lands on Zero or the pre-set gamble limit has been reached. Jackpot side game feature The jackpot side game feature gives the player a chance to set an additional bet and win a jackpot with every spin he makes. The extra bet for the jackpot side game is taken automatically with pressing the spin button. Jackpot game When the player sets an additional bet he gets the chance to start the jackpot game with every spin he makes. The initial jackpot game consists of three treasures that open up and show gold or not. If all three treasures feature gold the jackpot level game starts to identify the amount the player wins during this event. Jackpot level game The jackpot level game features a Win-O-Meter with different levels labelled on it and a 5x1 reel game with symbols 1 to 9 and question marks that will transform into any number between 7 and 15. Each time a number stops on a reel the appropriate amount is added to the Win-O-Meter and whichever level will be reached at the end will be paid out to the player. The Win-O-Meter can be pre-filled depending on the additional bet the player uses. With bet 0.20 there is no pre-filing, with bet 0.50 there will be 2 points on the Win-O-Meter and with bet 1.00 there will be 5 points on the Win-O-Meter. With bet 2.00 the player also have 5 points on the Win-O-Meter, but also the jackpot will trigger more often and one additional win level on the Win-O-Meter will be added, the super jewel. Unfinished Games Any games that are unfinished will be recreated once the player returns to game after the interruption. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 6/4/2020