Britain's Got Talent Slingo The Basics Spin the reel to mark the numbers in the grid. You have 11 spins to complete Slingos (winlines) and win cash. The cash prize increases with every Slingo you complete. You can also win cash for matching 3 or more jokers on the reel and from single coin symbols. Main game You can select your stake in the bottom left section of the screen. This stake covers all 11 spins. Press START GAME to begin the game. The reels will spin and display one of the symbols below: Numbers landing on the reel will mark corresponding number in the grid Jokers are wild and can be used to mark any number in the column they appear Super jokers are also wild and can be used to mark any number in the entire grid 3 or more jokers or super jokers appearing on the reel in any combination on a single spin award instant cash prizes Free spin symbols award an additional spin at the end of the game Coin symbols award an instant cash prize The devil blocks potential matches on the reels Your winnings for the game in progress are displayed in the top right of the screen. The number of spins are displayed above the SPIN button and also represented by the pink balls. Extra spins Once the 11 spins and any free spins have been taken you have the opportunity to continue your game by buying up to 4 additional spins. The cost of the next spin is displayed on the SPIN button. Pressing this will remove the cost of the spin from your balance and start the spin. The potential wins available are displayed in turn by highlighting the required numbers in green and showing the win amount over the grid and in the pay ladder. Some wins may require super jokers in order to hit multiple numbers in one column. The number of additional spins remaining are displayed above the SPIN button and also represented by the green balls. Press COLLECT to end the game. Win lines There are 12 win lines and 11 awards on the paytable because the last number on the grid will always award at least 2 winning lines. Best strategy The best strategy dictates that the selection for positions of jokers and super jokers is always in the position that will move the player closer to completing a Slingo. Where multiple positions with the same criteria are available the preference is given to the positions that are included in the most Slingo (win lines). For example the central square would be given preference since it is included in a horizontal, vertical and two diagonal lines. Where multiple positions with the same criteria exist again a random choice is made. Free games From time to time a player may be awarded free games to play on Slingo Britain's Got Talent by the Operator for specific promotions. If a player is awarded a free game of Slingo Britain's Got Talent they will be able to play the base game for free at a predefined staking value. When the base game is completed, the winnings accrued by completing horizontal, vertical or diagonal slingos or other special symbol bonuses will be displayed to the player and the player will have the option to collect their winnings on continue the game by purchasing extra spins using the funds available in their cash or bonus balance. A player may purchase extra spins using a combination of their real cash and bonus cash balance and the final amount won by the player will be credited to their balance proportionate to their blended stake. For the avoidance of doubt, the free game is considered as a bonus cash stake. General Coins appear on the centre reel only Devils appear on the centre reel only Free spins symbols are removed from the reels for extra spins A maximum of 4 free spin can be gained in any game A maximum of 4 additional spins can be purchased. Any freespins won will reduce the amount of additional spins available Malfunction avoids pays and plays Based on best strategy this game has a theoretical RTP of 95% which means for every £100 wagered it will pay out £95. Based on best strategy each extra spin has a theoretical RTP of 95%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 6/4/2020