Slingo Extreme Game information Game Description The aim of Slingo Extreme is to complete Slingos (win lines) by matching the numbers on the reel to the numbers in the grid above. Each Slingo completed awards a prize as defined by a paytable. Players have 11 spins to complete Slingos and can then purchase up to 8 extra spins for an additional cost that is determined by the potential wins available. Prizes are also awarded for single coin symbols and scatter combinations of 3 or more jokers or super jokers on the reel. Slingo Extreme is a variation of Slingo Riches where the reel spin is sped up and the spins in the base game automatically play. Reel configuration There is a 5x5 grid of numbers and a single line reel of 5x1 inline below. A random 25 numbers from 1 -75 are displayed on the grid in the following columns on both the grid and reel: 1: 1-15 2: 16-30 3: 31-45 4: 46-60 5: 61 -75 RTP Base game – 95% Extra spins – 95% (per spin) Symbols Numbers 1 -75 Joker Super Joker Gold coin Devil Freespin RNG The RNG used is based on the Java SecureRandom implementation which is described as follows: A cryptographically strong random number minimally complies with the statistical random number generator tests specified in FIPS 140-2, Security Requirements for Cryptographic Modules. Additionally, SecureRandom must produce non-deterministic output. Therefore any seed material passed to a SecureRandom object must be unpredictable, and all SecureRandom output sequences must be cryptographically strong, as described in RFC 1750: Randomness Recommendations for Security. RNG Suitability A test lab called Gaming Associates will be used to test the outcome of all games that are produced. The Java SecureRandom RNG implementation is proven to: I. Be statistically independent Be uniformly distributed over their range Pass various recognised statistical tests Be unpredictable without the knowledge of the algorithm, its implementation, and the current value of the seed Outcomes derived from the RNG are distributed within statistically expected bounds, including normal distribution. RNG seeding When the SecureRandom RNG object is created it has not been yet been seeded. To seed the RNG, call the setSeed method is used. If setSeed is not called, the first call to nextBytes will force the SecureRandom object to seed itself. This self-seeding will not occur if setSeed was previously called. The RNG is never re-seeded after this point. How To Play: Base Game In stage one of the game the player commits a stake and is given 11 spins in order to complete Slingos (lines) by covering numbers in the playing grid. The grid is randomly generated and the player is awarded a cash prize depending on how many Slingos are completed. The cash award is added to the win meter at the end of the base game. Slingos cover all horizontal, vertical and the two diagonal lines in a 5x5 grid to give 12 possible winning lines. The paytable covers wins for lines 1-10 and the full house since the last remaining number on the grid will always award at least two lines. The player can select their stake from the available options using the up and down arrows either side of the stake display. The values in the paytable will dynamically change to reflect the selected stake. The number of spins are displayed in the counter on the right and also represented by the number of yellow balls in the hopper. On pressing START GAME the stake is committed, the stake buttons are removed and the first ball falls into the holding area above the SPIN button. The paytable changes to display a progress bar that tracks the progress of the game and displays the current number of line wins and the corresponding winning value. Each spin is automatically played until a joker or super joker lands on the reel. Any numbers landing on the reel that match numbers in the grid will be automatically marked off for the player. The exception to this are Joker and Super Joker symbols which are marked by the player as detailed in below sections. Special symbols Joker Any joker symbol landing on the reel can be used to mark any number in the row immediately above the reel position in which the joker landed. In both manual and automatic mode the player must make the choice of which square to select. The available options are highlighted to assist the player. Super Joker Any super joker symbol landing on the reel can be used to mark any number in the grid. In both manual and automatic mode the player must make the choice of which square to select. The available options are highlighted to assist the player. Three or more jokers or super jokers landing in any position on the reel in one spin award the player a fixed prize as per the pay table. The cash award is added to the win meter immediately. Freespin Any free spin symbol landing on the reel awards the player an additional spin. This is represented by a yellow ball and is stored above the hopper. A maximum of 8 free spins can be accumulated in any one game. Free spin symbols are removed from the reels once 8 have been collected. Free spin symbols do not appear in free spins or extra (purchased spins) Coin Any coin symbol landing on the reel awards the player a fixed prize as per the paytable. Coins only appear on the middle reel. Devil Any devil symbol landing on the reel acts as a blocker on the reel. RTP of base game The numbers in the grid are randomly generated for each game Each of the 5 reels have fixed reel bands with a set number of numbers, jokers, super jokers, free spin, coins and devil symbols on each. Each reel has equal proportions of each number within each range on the fixed reel bands making each randomly generated grid equally likely to award the same prizes. Based on the best strategy the game will return 95% over 10 million games. The best strategy dictates that the selection for positions of jokers and super jokers is always in the position that will move the player closer to completing a Slingo. Where multiple positions with the same criteria are available the preference is given to the positions that are included in the most Slingo (win lines). For example the central square would be given preference since it is included in a horizontal, vertical and two diagonal lines. Where multiple positions with the same criteria exist again a random choice is made. How To Play: Extra Spins Once the 11 spins and any free spins have been completed the player moves to the second stage of the game. Retaining the final state of the grid, the player is offered extra spins at an additional cost on a fixed odds basis. The number of extra spins are limited to 8 and represented by green balls. Any free spins accumulated in the game will reduce the amount of additional balls available to purchase. For example if 2 free spins are accumulated then only 6 additional spins will be available. The price for each spin is displayed to the player on the SPIN button. The price of the spin is deducted from the player’s credit. The player has the choice to SPIN or COLLECT and end the game. The potential wins available are displayed to the player in order of win value. The numbers required are highlighted in green and on the information bar and the amount it is possible to win is displayed over the centre of the grid and highlighted in the win plan. RTP of Extra Spins The cost of the additional spins are calculated for each individual spin and based on the possible prizes and odds of hitting them from the fixed reel bands with a 5% margin. This is retrieved from a lookup table which contains a unique price value for the currently matched number of patterns and the number of cells remaining on the ticket. These prices were generated over 100,000,000 games and determined by calculating the average return after purchasing a single spin. Help pages The help page is available at all times from the game. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 6/8/2020