Sweet Chilli Game Features STICK & SPIN FEATURE During paid games or Free Games Feature, 6 or more 'Red Chilli' and /or 'Green Chilli' symbol triggers the Stick & Spin Feature. Initially 3 free spins are awarded. The 'Red Chilli' and /or 'Green Chilli' symbols that triggered the Stick & Spin Feature are held in position. If one or more additional 'Red Chilli' or 'Green Chilli' symbol appears, those symbols are also held in position and the number of free spins remaining is reset to 3. Paytable prizes are not awarded during the Stick & Spin Feature. The Stick & Spin Feature is completed when either no free spins remain or a Grand Bonus is awarded. Bet and lines played are the same as the game that triggered this Feature. Grand Bonus The Grand Bonus is awarded when 15 'Red Chilli' and /or 'Green Chilli' are collected during the Stick & Spin Feature. Major Bonus The Major Bonus is awarded when 10 or more 'Red Chilli' are collected during the Stick & Spin Feature. Awards 'WILD' substitutes for all symbols except Scatters. Substitute symbol appears on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. 'Red Chilli' or 'Green Chilli' symbol appear on reels 2, 3 and 4 only during paid games and Free Games Feature. 'Red Chilli' or 'Green Chilli' symbol always appear on screen with a random Electric Prizes of 1, 2, 3, 5, 10, 25, 50, 100 or 250 multiplied by total bet OR with Mini or Minor Bonuses as displayed. 6 or more 'Red Chilli' and /or 'Green Chilli' symbol win all Electric Prizes appearing on them. Electric Prizes are awarded at the end of the Stick & Spin Feature. Free Spins During paid games, 3 or more 'Sweet Chilli' triggers the Free Games Feature with 10 free games. Free Games Feature can be triggered again during the Free Games Feature. During this Free Games Feature, the Free Games Feature paytable is applied. Bet and lines played are the same as the game that triggered this Feature. Win Lines Scatters pay in any position. All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on adjacent reels, except scatters and Bonuses. All wins on lit lines only except scatters and Bonuses. Highest win only on each line except scatters and Bonuses. All Wins are added. The game has a return to player of 96.17%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 6/9/2020