Dr Carter’s Gene Machine Game Objective: Dr Carter’s Gene Machine is a five-reel, 30- pay lines game with Winfalls ™ functionality and a feature which awards free win-falls. When wins appear, the winning symbols will disappear and then random symbols will fall down into the vacant places. The free win-fall feature is triggered when 3 or more scattered Helix symbols appear anywhere in view. In the feature you must choose 2 animals to create a hybrid. This Hybrid animal acts as a substitute for both parent symbols during free win-falls. Game Information: The betting limits are shown on the game screen title bar. Bet on 30 lines only. How to play: Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet per line is set for all 30 lines, resulting in a total bet. You can choose to increase or decrease the bet per line by using the ◄ and ► buttons available to the Left & Right of ‘BET’ indicator. If your game balance is less than max bet, the system will automatically adjust the bet to the next highest possible amount. Max Bet: Click on 'MAXBET' to play with max bet. If your game balance is not sufficient, this option is disabled. All the 30 lines are multiplied by the 'bet per line', and the total bet amount is displayed in the 'TOTAL BET' meter, which is located at bottom left of the game screen. RULES: To view the game rules player must click on RULES button which is located below the TOTAL BET meter. You can go back to the game by clicking on the ‘BACK TO GAME’ button available on RULES screen. 'PAYTABLE1': The 'PAYTABLE1' can be viewed by clicking on the 'PAYTABLE' button located below the RULES button. To calculate the payout amount, multiply the respective prize with the bet per line. You can go back to the game by clicking on the ‘BACK TO GAME’ button available on PAYTABLE1 screen. 'PAYTABLE2': The 'PAYTABLE2' can be viewed by clicking on the 'PAYTABLE2' button located on PAY TABLE1screen. To calculate the payout amount, multiply the respective prize with the bet per line. You can go back to the game by clicking on the ‘BACK TO GAME’ button available on PAYTABLE2 screen. Note that to calculate the payout for scattered Helix symbol, multiply the respective prize with the total bet. SPIN: Click on SPIN to start spinning the reels. Once the player clicked on SPIN button, All the reels drain entirely of liquid and the symbols drop down through the bottom of the reel. The reels then refill with liquid and a new set of symbols drop into position from above. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines, or any scatter wins, will be paid according to the pay table. WIN FALLS: On any winning combination which appears, the winning symbols will disappear. New random symbols will fall down in to the vacant spaces created after a win, for a chance at extra wins with an increasing multiplier up to x5. All wins from current win fall are multiplied by the respective multiplier which has shown at the top right of the game screen. Once there are no more wins, the multiplier is reset back to 1. The total win amount is shown in the ticker area under five reels as a message. BONUS ROUND: The Dr Carter’s Gene Machine feature (free win-falls) game is triggered when 3 or more Scattered Helix symbols appear anywhere in view. If three or more scatters re-appear from the new win-falls the scatter payout only will be awarded and the feature game will not be awarded. There will be 2 separate groups of 5 animals (10 animals in total). Only the top group is visible to begin with. A message in the top left text-box says “choose an animal”.. The player chooses an animal. A suction tube lands on the animal and removes it from the screen. The text box on the right shows the name of the animal selected. The lower group of animals is then revealed. The player chooses an animal. A suction tube lands on the animal and removes it from the screen. The text box on the right shows the name of the animal selected. The two chosen animals are then spliced together creating a hybrid. The hybrid animal then substitutes for both parent symbols in free win-falls. Then a certificate appears over the players screen describing the created animal and how many free win-falls have won. One of the following 25 Hybrids will be created. Armabunny (Armadillo and Rabbit) Aromatic (Armadillo and Ostrich) Batopus (Bat and Octopus) Crabbit (Crab and Rabbit) Crapig (Crab and Pig) Crat (Crab and Bat) Crizzard (Crab and Lizard) Dilbat (Armadillo and Bat) Hogrus (Pig and Walrus) Lizardillo (Armadillo and Lizard) Lizopus (Lizard and Octopus) Mantibat (Mantis and Bat) Manpig (Mantis and Pig) Mantizard (Mantis and Lizard) Mantrich (Mantis and Ostrich) Octobunny (Octopus and Rabbit) Octopig (Octopus and Pig) Ostorich (Octopus and Ostrich) Ostrab (Ostrich and Crab) Pigadillo (Armadillo and pig) Rabbus (Rabbit and Walrus) Ratis (Rabbit and Mantis) Walbat (Walrus and Bat) Walrich (Walrus and Ostrich) Walzard (Walrus and Lizard) Clicking on the certificate the free win-falls will start and the win falls feature occur whenever there is a win from free win-falls. Initially multiplier will remains same as X1.If any win falls occur; Multiplier will be increased to X2 and X3...X5 respectively. Multiplier remains as x5 itself for the next possible 'N' number of win falls until there is no more win from a win fall. At the end of Win-falls, total win will be displayed at ticker area. The hybrid symbol works only in conjunction with both parent symbols except if there is any line win for hybrid animal (without any parent animal), highest parent animal payout will be paid for the Hybrid animal line wins. Example, if a player gets WILD, WILD, WILD, WILD and Hybrid on Line 1; payout for highest parent animal will be awarded for the player. The Free Win-falls feature cannot be retriggered during free win-falls. Once all the free win-falls are completed, normal game is restored. Repeat Bet/Change Bet: If you have already bet, the settings selected will be automatically carried over to the subsequent spin if there is sufficient amount. Simply click on 'SPIN' to play with the same bet again. To change your bet, use the ◄ and ► buttons near the 'BET' indicator as explained above. Credits: Your remaining game balance, after you have placed the desired bet, is shown in 'CREDITS' meter. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed in the ‘CREDITS’ meter and the 'TOTAL BET' meter. AUTOSPIN': You can make use of this feature to choose amongst the various options for 'hands free' game play. Options available under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will automatically spin for the number of spins selected from the drop-down menu. Spin till win is equal to or exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount selected from the drop down menu. Spin till any win: The game will automatically spin until the next win. Spin till feature trigger: The game will automatically spin until the next feature is triggered. Spin till my balance exceeds or equals to: The game will automatically spin until the game balance is greater than or equal to the amount entered. Note that 'game balance' implies the sum of the amounts given under 'CREDITS' meter and 'TOTAL BET' meter. Spin till my balance falls below or equals to: The game will automatically spin until the game balance is less than or equal to the amount entered. Note that 'game balance' implies the sum of amounts given under 'CREDITS' meter and 'TOTAL BET' meter. Play faster: This option lets you play faster than usual by reducing the break time. You must choose at least one of the other available Auto spin options to play with this option. To make use of the auto spin feature, click on the 'AUTO SPIN' button at the bottom of the game screen. When the auto spin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Select from the drop-down menu where applicable. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Click on 'CANCEL' to return to the game screen. Click on 'STOPSPIN' button to deactivate AUTOSPIN. While If spin is in progress, AUTOSPIN will be stopped after completing the current spin, otherwise AUTOSPIN is stopped immediately and normal game is restored. When playing with multiple 'AUTO SPIN' options, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be ignored. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again, or choose new option(s), and proceed with the 'AUTO SPIN' Please note: The 'AUTO SPIN’ option is not available in play money mode. Click on 'GAME LOGS' to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on 'GAME RULES' to view the current version number & game rules of the game. Click on 'REBUY' to buy more credits into the game from your Party Account. Click on 'EXIT GAME' to leave the game and return to the Lobby. Click on 'QUICK DEPOSIT' button to deposit money into your Party Account The game rules are identical in both real money and play money modes. Game Rules: Play 30 lines. Lines cannot be changed. BET amount can be changed by using the ◄ and ►buttons. SPIN begins the game with the currently selected BET and all 30LINES. BET MAX selects 30 lines and maximum bet per line. Payouts are displayed on the PAYTABLE. Pay line wins are multiplied by the amount bet per line. Highest win amount is paid on each selected pay line. Coinciding wins on different lit lines are all added to your total. Scatter wins are multiplied by total bet and added to pay line wins. Wild symbol appears on all reels except reel 5. All wins occur on pay lines, except for scattered Helix symbol which pays anywhere in view. All scatter and Pay line wins applicable to each win-fall will display in the ticker area as a total and added to the game balance at the end of that particular win fall. . All symbols pay from left to right only except Scattered Helix symbol which pays anywhere. DR CARTERS GENE MACHINE Logo Wild symbol substitutes for all other symbols except Scattered Helix Symbol. Wild works only in conjunction with other symbols, except scatters. Malfunctions Voids all Pays and Plays. The numbers of free win-falls awarded are random. The maximum number of free win-falls that can be awarded are 40 Free win-falls are played at the same number of lines and bet per line of the triggering game. Free win-fall wins will be directly added to the game balance Click on PAYTABLE button in the main game, game will navigate to Main game Pay table screen. Normal Pay tables: The theoretical return to player of this game is 95.08%. Pay Lines: Adding funds to your Account To add funds to your Account, click on 'DEPOSIT' in the 'Cashier' menu, then select the desired deposit option (Play Anywhere clients) or click on 'DEPOSIT' in the 'Cashier' option on left panel in Main Lobby, then select the desired deposit option (Download clients). You can also add funds to your account by clicking on 'REBUY' on the game screen and then clicking on 'DEPOSIT NOW'. The time taken to transfer funds and the fees charged will vary depending on which deposit option you choose. What do I do if I reach my betting limits? If your game balance drops below the minimum bet, Buy-In window will be automatically presented. To add funds to your Account, click on the 'DEPOSIT' option in the 'Cashier' menu in the Main Lobby (Play Anywhere clients) or click on 'DEPOSIT' in the 'Cashier' option on left panel in Main Lobby, then select the desired deposit option (Download clients), or click the 'DEPOSIT NOW' button in the 'Buy-In' window of any game. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If the player gets disconnected in the middle of the base game and it is a non-winning game, the game is automatically completed. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game Logs' button once you have logged back in. If you get disconnected after triggering or in the middle of Free win-falls, on reconnection the software will automatically start the Free win-falls, if not already started, or resume from where it was disconnected. If you get disconnected after triggering or in the middle of win falls, on reconnection the software will automatically start the win falls. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team. Dernière actualisation: 27/01/2015