Glamour Puss Game Objective: Glamour Puss is a five-reel, 9-payline slot game with a 'Glamour Puss' feature, which awards free spins and free spins multiplier. The 'Glamour Puss' feature is awarded when 3 or more scattered Glamour Puss symbols appear anywhere. Each of the triggering scattered Glamour Puss symbols awards either a random number of free spins or a random multiplier. All free spins revealed are then added together. All wins during free spins are multiplied by the revealed free spins multiplier. The 'Glamour Puss' feature is retriggered when 3 or more scattered Glamour Puss symbols appear anywhere during free spins. Player is awarded the same number of free spins originally won which is added to the number of spins left. No additional multiplier is awarded. Glamour Puss Logo Wild symbol substitutes for all other symbols except scattered Glamour Puss. Each Wild doubles the win it substitutes in. So 2 Wilds will multiply the win by 4 (2 * 2), 3 Wilds by 8 (2 * 2 * 2), and so on. top Game Information: You can bet on up to nine lines. top How to play Setting 'LINES': Nine lines are selected by default. You can decrease or increase the number of lines by clicking on the ' ' buttons available under the 'LINES' indicator on the game screen respectively. Selected lines are lit, and unselected lines are not lit. You can also select/deselect lines by clicking on desired line number at the end of lines. Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet of EUR 0.25 per line is set for all 9 lines, resulting in a total bet of EUR 2.25. You can choose to increase or decrease the bet per line by clicking the ' ' buttons available under the 'BET' indicator. If your game balance drops below your total bet placed, bet and lines will not get adjusted to the next possible bet instead Re-buy window will appear. If you have no funds in your account, the deposit option will pop up. Max Bet: To play with 9 lines and EUR 100.00 bet per line, click on 'MAX BET' button. If your game balance is not sufficient, this option is disabled. The number of selected lines is multiplied by the 'bet per line', and the total bet amount is displayed in the 'TOTAL BET' meter, which is located at the bottom left of the game screen. 'RULES': Game rules can be viewed by clicking on the 'HELP' button at bottom left of the game screen. You can go back to the game by clicking on the 'BACK TO GAME' button available on 'RULES' screen. 'PAYTABLE': The 'PAYTABLE' can be viewed by clicking on the 'PAYTABLE' button located at bottom left of the game screen. To calculate the payout amount, multiply the respective prize with the bet per line. Note that to calculate the payout for scatter symbols, multiply the respective prize with the total bet. You can go back to the game by clicking on the 'BACK TO GAME' button. Spin: After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines, or any scatter wins, will be paid according to the pay table. Result: Any wins are indicated by their paylines highlighted and symbols animating, or in case of scatter wins, scatter symbols are animated. The total win amount is shown at the bottom of the reels as a message. The individual line wins are shown at the right end of each winning line. Repeat Bet/Change Bet: If you have already bet, the settings selected will be automatically carried over to the subsequent spin. Simply click on 'SPIN' to play with the same bet again. To change your bet, use the ' ' buttons under the 'BET' or 'LINES' indicators as explained above. Credits: Your remaining game balance, after you have placed the desired bet, is shown in 'CREDITS' meter. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed in the 'CREDITS' meter and the 'TOTAL BET' meter. 'AUTOSPIN': You can make use of this feature to choose amongst the various options for 'hands free' game play. Options available under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will automatically spin for the number of spins selected from the drop-down menu. You can choose any number of games and play until your balance is less than the total bet placed. Spin till win is equal to or exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount selected from the drop down menu. Spin till any win: The game will automatically spin until the next win. Spin till feature trigger or bonus round: The game will automatically spin until the next feature or bonus round is triggered. Spin till my balance exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the game balance is greater than or equal to the amount entered. Note that 'game balance' implies the sum of the amounts given in 'CREDIT' meter and 'TOTAL BET' meter. Spin till my balance falls below: The game will automatically spin until the game balance is less than or equal to the amount entered. Note that 'Game balance' implies the sum of amounts given in 'CREDIT' meter and 'TOTAL BET' meter. Play faster: This option lets you play faster than usual by reducing the break time. You must choose at least one of the other available Auto Spin options before selecting 'Play Faster'. To make use of the auto spin feature, click on the 'AUTO SPIN' button at the bottom of the game screen. When the auto spin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Select from the drop-down menu where applicable. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Click on 'CANCEL' to return to the game screen. You can deactivate 'AUTO SPIN' by clicking on the 'STOP SPIN' button. If spin is in progress, 'AUTO SPIN' will be stopped after completing the current spin. Otherwise 'AUTO SPIN' is stopped immediately. When playing with multiple 'AUTO SPIN' options, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be ignored. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again, or choose new option(s), and proceed with the 'AUTO SPIN'. Please note: The 'AUTOSPIN' option is not available in play money mode. Click on 'GAME LOGS' to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on 'VERSION' to view the detailed rules of the game as web page. Click on 'REBUY' to buy more credits into the game from your Party Account. Click on 'EXIT GAME' to leave the game and return to the Lobby. The game rules are identical in both real money and play money modes. Malfunctions Voids all Pays and Plays. top Rules Play 1 to 9 lines. Payouts are made according to the Paytable. Payline wins are multiplied by the number of credits staked per pay line. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total amount staked. Scatter wins are added to payline wins. Highest win amount is paid on each selected pay line. Coinciding wins on different pay lines are all added to your total. All symbols pay Left to Right only except Scattered GLAMOUR PUSS which pays anywhere. All wins occur on selected lines only except Scattered GLAMOUR PUSS which pays anywhere. Wild GLAMOUR PUSS LOGO appears only on Reels 1, 2, 3, and 4 and substitutes for all other symbols and works only in conjunction with all other symbols except scattered GLAMOUR PUSS. top Features GLAMOUR PUSS FEATURE: Glamour Puss Feature is awarded when 3 or more Scattered Glamour Puss symbols appear anywhere. Each triggering scatter symbol will then reveal either a random number of free spins or a random free spins multiplier. All free spins revealed get added together. A maximum of 20 free spins and a maximum of 8 free spins multiplier are awarded in the initial feature trigger. All wins during free spins are multiplied by the revealed free spins multiplier. During free spins, when 3 or more Scattered Glamour Puss symbols occur anywhere in view, Glamour Puss feature is retriggered and awards the same number of free spins originally won. No extra multiplier is awarded. There is no limit to how many additional free spins can be awarded. All free spins are played at the same number of lines and bet per line of the triggering game. top Paytable The theoretical return to player of this game is 95.01%. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete the game for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game Logs' button once you have logged back in. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team. If you are disconnected after triggering or in the middle of the Glamour Puss feature round/free spins, on reconnection, the software will automatically start the Glamour Puss feature round/free spins, if not already started, or resume from where it was disconnected. After completing the free spins, you can resume playing the same game, or you can select another game of your choice. top Last modification date: 12/27/2021