Goanna Gold Game Objective: Multi Payline Goanna Gold Slots is 5-reel, nine-payline slot game, with a ‘feature’ game that has additional payoffs besides the normal payoffs. The game also features a substitute symbol. The Goanna symbol substitutes for all symbols except scattered Nugget. top Game Information: The game and the game rules are identical in the Play Money and Real Money modes. You can bet on one to nine lines. The paylines are shown in the payline table located on the game rules screen. top How to Play: If your game balance drops below your total bet placed, bet and lines will not get adjusted to the next possible bet instead Re-buy window will appear. If you have no funds in your account, the deposit option will pop up. Setting Lines- Similarly, nine lines are selected by default, and you can change the number of lines by clicking on the arrows on the left or right of 'LINES'. As the lines are increased or decreased, they light up on selection and darken when the lines are deselected. View Paytable - The Paytable can be viewed by clicking on the 'PAYTABLE' button placed on the left hand side rim of the game screen and the game screen changes to show the paytable screen. The prizes displayed in the paytable are for unit bet and are shown as credits. To get the effective payoff amount per line, multiply the respective prize with the bet amount. You can go back to the game by clicking on the 'Game' button on the Paytable screen. You can also choose to read the rules of this game by clicking on the 'RULES' button. The next page will display all the games rules and you can then choose to either view the paytable or go back to the game by clicking on 'PAYTABLE' or 'GAME' respectively. Spin - After the reels stop, you will be paid according to the symbols on the selected lines. Repeat Bet/Change Bet: Once the reels stop spinning the default bet for the next spin is the same as the previous one. You can just click on ‘SPIN’ to place the same bet again. To change the bets use the arrow keys on the ‘BET’ button or the ‘LINES’ button. Feature Games- In case of a Feature trigger, a message is displayed and the game screen changes and the feature game screen opens. Pick any six squares from the feature screen to reveal symbols. Prizes are paid for any two or more of the same symbol based on the feature payoff table. On the completion of the feature game, the main game screen is restored. Credits - The amount under this section reflects your remaining Game balance after you have placed the desired bet. Result- The winning lines are indicated by their flashing. The win amount is shown at the top of the screen under 'WIN'. 'AUTOSPIN' - You can make use of this feature to choose all/any amongst the various options for 'hands free' game play. Options available under this feature are: No. of spins: Will spin for the number of spins selected from the drop-down. You can choose any number of games and play until your balance is less than the total bet placed. Spin till win is equal or exceeds: Will spin till the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount selected from the drop down. Spin till any win: Will spin till the next win. Spin till feature trigger or bonus round: Will spin till the next feature or bonus round is triggered. Spin till my balance exceeds: Spins until the balance is greater than or equal to the amount entered. Note that 'balance' implies the sum of amount under 'CREDITS' and the amount under 'BET'. Spin till my balance falls below: Spins until the balance is less than or equal to the amount entered. Note that 'balance' implies the sum of amount under 'CREDITS' and the amount under 'BET'. Play faster: Will let you play faster than usual by reducing the break time. You must choose at least one of the above mentioned options before selecting the 'PLAY FASTER' option. To make use of the ‘AUTOSPIN’ feature, click on the ‘AUTOSPIN’ button available at the bottom right of the game screen. On the screen that opens up, select the checkboxes against the option/s of your choice. Select from the drop-down menu where ever applicable. If your current Game balance is not sufficient to support your choice of option/s, you will be prompted to add more funds to your Game. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Similarly, click on 'CANCEL' to skip the ‘AUTOSPIN’ feature and get back to the game screen. In case you select multiple options/conditions, the condition that is satisfied first, takes precedence over the others and the remaining selected conditions get disabled. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again or opt for new option/s and proceed with the game. Please note: The ‘AUTOSPIN’ option is not available in play money mode. Click on ‘GAMELOGS’ to view the logs of the games played by you. Click on 'VERSION' to view the current version number of the game. Click on ‘REBUY’ to Buy-in more credits to the Game from Borgata Online account. To exit from the game, click on ‘Exit Game’. top Game Rules: All symbols pay left to right, except the scattered symbol Nugget, which pays anywhere. The Goanna substitutes all symbols except scattered Nuggets. A feature is triggered when 3 or more Nuggets appear anywhere. All wins occur on selected lit lines. Only the highest win on each selected payline is paid. Wins on different paylines are added. Scatter wins are added to payline wins. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet amount. Pay line prizes are multiplied by bet per payline. top Feature Game Play: This is an additional feature that allows you to win a prize when 3 or more Nuggets appear. Pick any 6 squares from the feature screen to reveal symbols. Prizes are paid for any 2 or more of the same symbol based on the feature payoff table. All coinciding wins for different symbols are added. Only highest win per symbol is taken into consideration. Feature 'PAYTABLE' prizes are multiplied by total bet placed. top Feature Game Play: All symbols pay left to right, except scattered Nugget which pays any. The theoretical return to player of this game is 96.2% top Feature Paytable: I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will complete the game. Log back in and you will be able to find out the result from your game logs by clicking on the 'Gamelogs' button. You can also find out the result from your Borgata Online account balance. If you still face any problems, please contact Customer Care. If you get disconnected in the middle of the feature round, you will be prompted to complete the feature when you log back in. You can resume playing the same game or play any other game of your choice after completing the feature round. Malfunctions void all pays and plays top Last modification date: 7/6/2022