Going Nuts Game Objective: Going Nuts is a five-reel, thirty-payline Jackpot slot game with Free Spins feature. When 3 or more scattered Going nuts logo appear anywhere in view, the feature screen is displayed where the player is required to click on random number of acorns, each of which reveals a random number of free spins or a random free spins multiplier. The Free Spins feature cannot be retriggered within free spins. TheBigOne Jackpot: TheBigOne Jackpot consists of five jackpots at different levels; the levels are - from the lowest to the highest - Blitz Cash Jackpot, Quick Cash Jackpot, Super Cash Jackpot, Mega Cash Jackpot, and Colossal Cash Jackpot. All five jackpots grow progressively as bets are made. For each spin, the house adds a small credit to each of the five running jackpots. All five levels in TheBigOne Jackpot can be won irrespective of hitting any winning combination, while betting any amount. Jackpot is triggered randomly. The larger the bet, the more the chance to win a jackpot. Free spins cannot trigger jackpots. If there is a jackpot which has triggered during the base game which also triggers Free Spins, then the jackpot feature is played and shown after the Free spins feature play. If there is a jackpot which has triggered during the base game which has wild expansion, then the jackpot feature is played and shown after the wild expansion. Game Information: Game is played with 30 fixed lines. The Betting limits are shown on the game screen Title bar. How to play: 'LINES': Thirty lines are selected by default and game will be played with 30 fixed lines. Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet per line is set for all 30 lines, resulting in a total bet. You can choose to increase or decrease the bet per line by using the ◄ and ► buttons available to the Left & Right of ‘BET’ indicator. If your game balance drops below your total bet placed, bet will not get adjusted to the next possible bet per line instead Re-buy window will appear. If you have no funds in your account, the deposit option will pop up. Max Bet: To play with max bet, click on 'MAX BET'. If your game balance is not sufficient, this option is disabled. All the 30 lines are multiplied by the 'bet per line', and the total bet amount is displayed in the 'TOTAL BET' meter, which is located at bottom left of the game screen. RULES: To view the game rules click on RULES button which is located above the TOTAL BET meter. Jackpot rules can be viewed by clicking on ‘JACKPOT RULES’ button in game rules page. You can go back to the game by clicking on the ‘MAIN’ button. 'PAYTABLE': The 'PAYTABLE' can be viewed by clicking on the 'PAYTABLE' button located below the RULES button. To calculate the payout amount, multiply the respective prize with the bet per line. Note that to calculate the payout for scattered Going nuts logo, multiply the respective prize with the total bet. You can go back to the game by clicking on the ‘MAIN’ button. SPIN: Click on SPIN to start spinning the reels. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on all the 30 lines, or any scatter wins, will be paid according to the paytable. Result: Any wins are indicated by their paylines highlighted and symbols animating or, in the case of a scatter win, by their symbols animating. The individual payline wins are shown at the end of each winning line. PAID: Any Line win and/or Scatter win is shown in the ticker area under the five reels. FREE SPINS feature: The Free Spins feature is triggered when 3 or more Scattered Going Nuts logo appear anywhere in view. Feature screen is shown. An Acorn tree will grow, containing 15 nuts to pick. Player needs to click on random number of acorns to win free spins and free spins multipliers. Feature is completed, when the fox appears and chases the Arnie away, all other remaining nuts are greyed(but not won) and opened, the results are published with 'Click Here To continue' button. On Clicking ''Click Here To continue' button it returns to main game screen and the free spins begin. All line wins during free spins are multiplied by the free spins multiplier awarded. The Free Spins feature cannot be retriggered during free spins. Once all the free spins are completed, normal game is restored. Repeat Bet/Change Bet: If you have already bet, the settings selected will be automatically carried over to the subsequent spin if there is sufficient amount. Simply click on 'SPIN' to play with the same bet again. To change your bet, use the ◄ and ► buttons near the 'BET' indicator as explained above. Credits: Your remaining game balance, after you have placed the desired bet, is shown in ‘TOTAL CREDIT' meter. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed in the ‘TOTAL CREDIT’ meter and the 'TOTAL BET' meter. Jackpot game: When TheBigOne Jackpot is hit, a message is displayed on the main game screen as “TheBigOne Jackpot Feature’ and in the ticker area below the five reels it shows "Congratulations, you're in to the Jackpot Game" The main screen then changes to jackpot screen in which all the jackpots and their values are listed on the left side area and a wheel is displayed on the right side area. There are 5 different jackpots, each of which has a unique color. All five colors are shown on the wheel. Orange color represents Blitz Cash Jackpot. Red color represents Quick Cash Jackpot. Blue color represents Super Cash Jackpot. Green color represents Mega Cash Jackpot. Lavender color represents Colossal Cash Jackpot. SPIN button is shown on top of the wheel. By clicking on SPIN button the wheel rotates and stops at a particular color and respective Jackpot is awarded. When a particular jackpot is hit, a pop-up is shown on the jackpot screen which displays the type of Jackpot and the amount awarded. When clicked on ‘OK’ on the popup, it navigates to main game screen. If multiple jackpots are hit at the same time, on clicking 'OK' on the popup, 'SPIN’ button on Jackpot screen is enabled to continue further game play. 'Tick here to disable wheel spin' checkbox will be shown at the bottom of the pop up when any of the five jackpots is won. If player checks the option, player will not be taken to the jackpot feature screen when the jackpot is triggered next time. Instead player will be displayed the jackpot winning pop up on the main game screen with this option checked. Each jackpot is reset to its individual base value after any player hits that particular jackpot. The reset value of all the five jackpots is given below: TheBigOne Colossal Cash Jackpot: $125,000 TheBigOne Mega Cash Jackpot: $10,000 TheBigOne Super Cash Jackpot: $750 TheBigOne Quick Cash Jackpot: $200 TheBigOne Blitz Cash Jackpot: $40 You can see the current values of all five jackpots in the right side area of the Going Nuts main game screen and also by clicking on the Total Casino Jackpots displayed at the bottom left corner of the Casino main lobby. The larger your wager, the more chances you have of winning the jackpot 'AUTOSPIN': You can make use of this feature to choose amongst the various options for 'hands free' game play. Options available under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will automatically spin for the number of spins selected from the drop-down menu. You can choose any number of games and play until your balance is less than the total bet placed. Spin till win is equal to or exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount selected from the drop down menu. Spin till any win: The game will automatically spin until the next win. Spin till feature trigger: The game will automatically spin until the next feature is triggered. Spin till my balance exceeds or equals to: The game will automatically spin until the game balance is greater than or equal to the amount entered. Note that 'game balance' implies the sum of the amounts given under 'TOTAL CREDIT' meter and 'TOTAL BET' meter. Spin till my balance falls below or equals to: The game will automatically spin until the game balance is less than or equal to the amount entered. Note that 'game balance' implies the sum of amounts given under 'TOTAL CREDIT' meter and 'TOTAL BET' meter. Play faster: This option lets you play faster than usual by reducing the break time. You must choose at least one of the other available Autospin options to play with this option. To make use of the ‘AUTOSPIN’ feature, click on the 'AUTOSPIN' button available at the bottom of the game screen. On the screen that opens up, select the checkboxes against the option(s) of your choice. Select from the drop-down menu where ever applicable. If your current Game balance is not sufficient to support your choice of option(s), the ‘BUY-IN’ window pops up allowing you to buy-in more credits from your Account. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Similarly, click on 'CANCEL' to skip the ‘AUTOSPIN’ feature and get back to the game screen. When playing with multiple 'AUTO SPIN' options, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be ignored. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again, or choose new option(s), and proceed with the 'AUTO SPIN'. Please note: The 'AUTOSPIN' option is not available in play money mode Click on 'STOPSPIN' button to deactivate AUTOSPIN. While AUTOSPIN is in progress, you can interrupt the game by clicking on the 'STOPSPIN' button. If spin is in progress, AUTOSPIN will be stopped after completing the current spin, otherwise AUTOSPIN is stopped immediately and normal game is restored. Click on 'GAME LOGS' to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on 'GAME RULES' to view the current version number & game rules of the game. Click on 'REBUY' to buy more credits into the game from your Account. Click on 'EXIT GAME' to leave the game and return to the Lobby. Click on 'QUICK DEPOSIT' button to deposit money into your Account. The “GAME LOGS” and “REBUY” functionality is applicable only for the real money game play. The game rules are identical in both real money and play money modes. Game Rules: Play 30 lines. LINES cannot be changed BET amount can be changed by using the ◄ and ►buttons SPIN begins the game with the currently selected BET and all 30 LINES MAX BET selects maximum bet for 30 lines. Payouts are displayed on the PAYTABLE Payline wins are multiplied by the amount bet per line Highest win amount is paid on each highlighted payline Coinciding wins on different highlighted lines are all added to your total. Scatter wins are multiplied by total bet and added to payline wins. All wins occur on pay lines, except for scattered Going Nuts logo which pays anywhere in view. Feature wins are added to the game balance. All symbols pay from left to right only except Scattered Going Nuts logo which pays anywhere in view. The Wild symbol is the acorn(The Going Nuts Acorn) and triggers the Wild Tree Feature. When wild lands on a reel there is an animation which is, from the Acorn at the bottom of the screen a tree sprouts out, which grows across the reels. Leaves and acorns randomly appear on those symbols which will be turned wild except scatter symbols. The Going Nuts Acorn Wild symbol can appear on reels 1,2,3,4 or 5 and substitutes for all other symbols and works only in conjunction with all other symbols, except the Scattered Going Nuts logo. Minimum number of symbols that can be turned in to Wild is 2 including the triggered wild, and the maximum number of symbols that can be turned in to Wild is 12 including the triggered wild, during base game and free spins when wild expands on the reels. If The Going Nuts Acorn Wild symbol and three or more scattered Going Nuts logo appear anywhere in view then scatter win is paid first, and then the wild expansion will be shown followed by the free spins feature. Only one wild (Acorn) symbol can appear in one spin. Payline wins are paid only after WILD expansion. Wild expansion can also occur during free spins Malfunctions Voids all Pays and Plays. Free Spins Bonus Feature game: The Going Nuts Free Spins feature is triggered when 3 or more Scattered Going nuts logo appears anywhere in view. Feature screen is shown. An Acorn tree will grow, containing 15 nuts to pick. Player needs to click on random number of acorn to win free spins and free spins multipliers. Once the feature is completed, the results are published with 'Click Here To continue' button. On Clicking ''Click Here To continue' button it returns to main game screen and the free spins begin. All wins during free spins are multiplied by the free spins multiplier awarded. The number of free spins and free spins multiplier awarded are random. Maximum number of free spins that can be awarded is 50 and Maximum multiplier that can be awarded in free spins is 8 The Free Spins feature cannot be re-triggered during free spins. Free spins are played at the same bet of the triggering spin. Feature wins are added to the game balance. If The Going Nuts Acorn Wild symbol appear during the free spins, then the Wild expansion is played followed by the line payouts and then the free spins continue. Game/JackPot Rules Screen Click on 'Rules’ button in the main game screen, game will navigate to Rules screen. Click on 'Jackpot Rules’ button in the Rules screen, Rules screen will navigate to Jackpot Rules screen. Paytable: Click on PAYTABLE button in the main game screen, game will navigate to Paytable screen. Paytable 1 Paytable 2 The theoretical return to player of this game is 93.89%. Paylines: I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game or jackpot feature game, the software will automatically complete the game for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game Logs' button once you have logged back in. If you get disconnected after triggering or in the middle of the Free Spins feature, on reconnection, the software will automatically start the feature round, if not already started, or resume from where it was disconnected. If player gets disconnected after triggering Free Spins and before selecting the Acorn, after reconnection the player is allowed to select the Acorn and continue the Free Spins feature game. When there is a disconnection during the bonus feature (nuts picking), after reconnection the game will continue from where disconnection happened and the player is allowed to select the Acorn and continue the Free Spins feature game If player gets disconnected after wild symbol appears and before the expansion, after reconnection wild expansion will happen. Same behaviour will show when three or more scatters and a wild appears together but before the wild expansion. If player gets disconnected after wild expansion, on reconnection wild expansion will not be shown and the player has to find out the result in Game Logs. If you are still having problems, please contact our Customer Service. Last modification date: 7/2/2018