Golden Oasis Game Objective: Golden Oasis is a five-reel, multi-payline Ca$h Fla$h Jackpot Slot game. Your wins are based on the combination of the various symbols displayed on the selected winning payline(s). The paytable below shows how much you will win for each combination. The house adds a percentage of each bet amount placed to the running jackpot total. top Ca$h Fla$h Jackpot: The Ca$h Fla$h Jackpot is a jackpot that grows progressively as bets are made. For each spin, on either of the two Ca$h Fla$h Jackpot games, the house adds a small credit to the running jackpot total. The Ca$h Fla$h Jackpot can be won irrespective of hitting any paying or non-paying combination, whilst betting any amount. top Game Information: The game and game rules are identical both in real money and play money modes, except that no contributions are made to the jackpot in play money mode. You can bet on up to nine lines. The paylines are shown in the payline table. top How to play: If your game balance drops below your total bet placed, bet and lines will not get adjusted to the next possible bet instead Re-buy window will appear. If you have no funds in your account, the deposit option will pop up. Setting 'LINES': Similarly, nine lines are automatically selected when you begin play. You can decrease the number of lines by clicking on the down arrow button on the right of 'LINES'. The number of lines can be increased again by clicking on the up arrow button on the left of 'LINES': Selected lines are lit, and unselected lines remain dark. 'PAYTABLE': To view the paytable, click the ‘PAYTABLE’ button in the bottom left of the screen. The prizes displayed are for a unit bet, and are shown as credits. To calculate the payoff per line, multiply the relevant prize by the amount bet per line. To return to the game, click the ‘GAME’ button. Spin: After the reels have stopped, any winning combinations on the selected lines, and any scatter wins, will be paid according to the paytable. Result: Any wins are indicated by their paylines flashing, or in the case of a scatter win, by their symbols animating, with the total win amount being shown at the top of the screen under ‘WIN’. Feature Game: A feature is triggered when three or more scattered Camel symbols appear anywhere on the reels. The main game screen changes and the feature game screen opens up. On completion of the feature game, the main game screen is restored to its previous state. Repeat bet/change bet: If you have already bet, the settings selected will be automatically carried over to the subsequent spin. Simply click on ‘SPIN’ to play the same bet again. To change your bet, use the up and down arrows on the ‘BET’ or ‘LINES’ buttons. Credits: Your remaining game balance, after you have placed the desired bet, is shown under ‘CREDITS’. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the ‘CREDITS’ meter and the ‘BET’ meter. The game balance is shown in the bottom left-hand side of the game screen. If you win the jackpot, you will be notified by a pop up message, and the win amount will be credited to your sportingbet.com account immediately. You can also see the current values and the last win details of the Ca$h Fla$h jackpot by clicking on the ‘More Info’ link in the left panel, under the jackpot slider of the Main Game Lobby. 'AUTOSPIN' - You can make use of this feature to choose from the various options for 'hands free' game play. You may select as many or as few as you like. Options available under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will spin for the number of rotations selected from the drop-down menu. You can choose any number of games and play until your balance is less than the total bet placed. Spin until win is equal to or exceeds: The game will spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount selected from the drop down menu. Spin until any win: The game will spin until the next win occurs. Spin until feature or bonus round is triggered: The game will spin until the next feature or bonus round is triggered. Spin until my balance exceeds: The game will spin until the balance is greater than or equal to the amount entered. Your balance is the sum of the amounts under 'CREDITS' and 'BET'. Spin until my balance falls below: The game will spin until your balance is less than or equal to the amount entered. Your balance is the sum of the amounts under 'CREDITS' and 'BET'. Play faster: This option lets you play faster than usual by reducing the break time. You must choose at least one of the other available options before selecting ’Play Faster’. To make use of the autospin feature, click on the 'AUTOSPIN' button in the bottom right of the game screen. When the autospin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you’d like to play with. Select from the drop-down menu where applicable. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Similarly, click on 'CANCEL' to skip the 'AUTOSPIN' feature and return to the game screen. When playing with multiple options and conditions selected, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be disabled. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again or opt for new option(s) and proceed with the game. Click on 'GAMELOGS' to view the logs of the games you’ve played. Click on 'VERSION' to view the current version number of the game. Click on 'REBUY' to buy more credits in to the game from sportingbet.com account. Click on 'EXIT GAME' to leave the game and return to the game room. top Payoff Rules: All symbols pay left to right, except the scattered Camel symbol, which pays in any direction. Only the highest win on each selected payline is paid. Coinciding wins on different lit lines are all added to the total. Payline prizes are multiplied by bet per payline amount. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Scatter wins are added to payline wins. All wins, other than scatter symbol wins, are paid on selected paylines only. The Golden Oasis symbol substitutes for all other symbols, except the scattered Camel. You will be informed of any jackpot wins through a pop up message. Wins will be credited to your sportingbet.com account immediately. top Feature Game Play: The ‘Treasure Cave’ bonus feature is triggered when three or more scattered Camel symbols appear. The main game screen will change, and the feature game screen will open. You must then select from the pots shown in the ‘Treasure Cave’ to reveal gold coins. The gold coins determine your prize multiplier, which is displayed at the bottom left of the feature screen. The total feature win is the prize multiplier multiplied by the triggering bet. The feature is repeated until no gold is collected. Click on the ‘Complete’ button to restore the main game screen. Wins are transferred to the credit meter at the end of the base game, and at the end of each stage in the feature. Feature prizes are added to the payline and scatter wins. top Paytable: The theoretical return to player of this game is 94.99%. top I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Gamelogs' button once you have logged back in. You can also find out the result from your sportingbet.com account balance. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team. If you are disconnected in the middle of the feature round, you will be prompted to complete it after logging back in. After completing the feature round, you can resume playing the same base game, or you can select another game of your choice. Malfunctions void all pays and plays top Last modification date: 11/3/2020