Gold of the Gods Game Objective: Gold of the Gods is a five-reel, twenty-line slot game with a special Eclipse feature. The Eclipse feature is triggered when three or more Scattered Sceptre appears anywhere. The Gods have obscured the Sun with an Eclipse. Select objects as offerings to the Gods and be favoured with cash prizes, free games and multipliers. Keep selecting until the Sun Symbol is revealed, indicating the Gods are appeased and bring back the light. All cash prizes and free games are multiplied by any revealed multipliers. All cash prizes are multiplied by the total bet. The Eclipse Feature cannot be triggered again during the free games. Free games are played at the same lines and bet of the triggering game. Man substitutes for all other symbols except Scattered Sceptre. top Game Information: The minimum bet amount is EUR 0.01 and the maximum bet amount is EUR 60. You can bet on up to twenty lines. The pay lines are shown under the Pay lines section located on the Pay table (Help) screen. top How to play Setting 'LINES': Twenty lines are selected by default. You can decrease or increase the number of lines by clicking on the '+' or '-'buttons available under the 'LINES' indicator on the game screen respectively. Selected lines are lit, and unselected lines are not lit. You can also select/deselect Lines by clicking on desired line number at the end of lines. Max Lines: To play with 20 lines, click on 'MAX ' under 'LINES'. If your game balance is not sufficient, this option is disabled. Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet of EUR 0.25 per line is set for all 20 lines, resulting in a total bet of EUR 5.00. You can choose to increase or decrease the bet per line by clicking the '+' or '-' buttons available under the 'BET' indicator. If your game balance drops below your total bet placed, bet and lines will not get adjusted to the next possible bet instead Re-buy window will appear. If you have no funds in your account, the deposit option will pop up. Max Bet: To play with EUR 3.00 bet per line, click on 'MAX' under 'BET'. If your game balance is not sufficient, this option is disabled. The number of selected lines is multiplied by the 'bet per line', and the total bet amount is displayed in the 'TOTAL BET' meter, which is located at the bottom center of the game screen. 'RULES': The game rules can be viewed by clicking on the 'PAYTABLE' button on the bottom left of the screen, then 'RULES' button on 'PAY TABLE' screen. You can go back to the game by clicking on the 'GAME' button on the 'RULES' screen. 'PAYTABLE': The 'PAYTABLE' can be viewed by clicking on the 'PAYTABLE' button located on the game rules screen. To calculate the payout amount, multiply the respective prize with the bet per line. Note that to calculate the payout for scatter symbols, multiply the respective prize with the total bet. You can go back to the game by clicking on the 'GAME' button. Spin: After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines, or any scatter wins, will be paid according to the pay table. Result: Any wins are indicated by their pay lines highlighted and symbols animating, in case of scatter wins, scatter symbols are animated. The total win amount is shown at the bottom of the reels as a message and PAID meter is updated with winning amount. The individual line wins are shown at the right end or left end of each winning line. Repeat Bet/Change Bet: If you have already bet, the settings selected will be automatically carried over to the subsequent spin. Simply click on 'SPIN' to play with the same bet again. To change your bet, use the '+' or '-' buttons under the 'BET' or 'LINES' indicators as explained above. Credits: Your remaining game balance, after you have placed the desired bet, is shown in 'CREDIT' meter. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed in the 'CREDIT' meter and the 'TOTAL BET' meter. 'AUTOSPIN': You can make use of this feature to choose amongst the various options for 'hands free' game play. Options available under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will automatically spin for the number of spins selected from the drop-down menu. You can choose any number of games and play until your balance is less than the total bet placed. Spin till win is equal to or exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount selected from the drop down menu. Spin till any win: The game will automatically spin until the next win. Spin till feature trigger or bonus round: The game will automatically spin until the next feature or bonus round is triggered. Spin till my balance exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the game balance is greater than or equal to the amount entered. Note that 'game balance' implies the sum of the amounts given in 'CREDIT' meter and 'TOTAL BET' meter. Spin till my balance falls below: The game will automatically spin until the game balance is less than or equal to the amount entered. Note that 'Game balance' implies the sum of amounts given in 'CREDIT' meter and 'TOTAL BET' meter. Play faster: This option lets you play faster than usual by reducing the break time. You must choose at least one of the other available Auto Spin options before selecting 'Play Faster'. To make use of the auto spin feature, click on the 'AUTO SPIN' button in the bottom left of the game screen. When the auto spin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Select from the drop-down menu where applicable. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Click on 'CANCEL' to return to the game screen. You can deactivate 'AUTO SPIN' by clicking on the 'STOP SPIN' button. If spin is in progress, 'AUTO SPIN' will be stopped after completing the current spin. Otherwise 'AUTO SPIN' is stopped immediately. When playing with multiple 'AUTO SPIN' options, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be ignored. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again, or choose new option(s), and proceed with the 'AUTO SPIN'. Please note: The 'AUTOSPIN' option is not available in play money mode. Click on 'GAME LOGS' to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on 'VERSION' to view the detailed Rules of the game as web page. Click on 'REBUY' to buy more credits into the game from your bwin Account. Click on 'EXIT GAME' to leave the game and return to the Lobby. The game rules are identical in both real money and play money modes. top Rules Play 1 to 20 lines Payouts are made according to the Pay table Pay line wins are multiplied by the number of credits staked per pay line Highest win only on each selected pay line Scatter wins are multiplied by the total wager staked Scatter wins are added to pay line wins Coinciding wins on different pay lines are added All symbols pay Left to Right, except Scattered Sceptre which pays anywhere All wins appear on selected lines except Scattered Sceptre which pays anywhere Man substitutes for all other symbols except Scattered Sceptre top Features Eclipse Feature The Eclipse Feature is triggered when three or more Scattered Sceptre appear anywhere The Gods have obscured the Sun with an Eclipse Select objects as offerings to the Gods and be favoured with Cash Prizes, Free Games and Multipliers Keep selecting until the Sun Symbol is revealed, indicating the Gods are appeased and bring back the light All Cash Prizes and Free Games winnings are multiplied by total revealed Multipliers All Cash Prizes are based on a random multiplier, multiplied by the total bet. Player can win up to €5 as cash prize or 8 free spins or 4 Multiplier in each pick The Eclipse Feature cannot be triggered again during the free games Free Games are played at the same lines and bet of the triggering game top Paytable The theoretical return to player of this game is 93.310% I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete the game for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game Logs' button once you have logged back in. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team. If you are disconnected after triggering or in the middle of the Eclipse feature round/free games, on reconnection, the software will automatically start the Eclipse feature round/free games, if not already started, or resume from where it was disconnected. After completing the Eclipse feature round/free games, you can resume playing the same game, or you can select another game of your choice. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. top Last modification date: 1/31/2017