After Burner Game Introduction: The objective of After Burner game is to cash out before the JET crashes or reaches a maximum of 10,000x the amount staked. Players can place a bet before the JET takes off. Once airborne the Jet will continue to fly higher and the multiplier in middle of the screen continues to grow. At each increment, there is a probability that the JET will crash. If the player fails to collect before the JET crashes, the bet is lost, and the game round is over. How to play: Setting 'BET': When player enters the game, a default bet is set. Player can change the bet value by clicking the increasing or decreasing buttons in bet panel. Players can place up to 2 bets at a time by clicking ‘PLACE YOUR BET’. Player can type BET amounts manually in both BET areas. BET amounts entered manually will be adjusted according to max bet amount allowed including both BET1 and BET2. Once airborne, clicking on the 'Collect' button wins the amount staked (bet) times by the amount shown by the multiplier. Winnings will be added to the balance if the Collect button is pressed before the JET crashes or reaches the maximum of 10,000x. 'Auto Collect': Select the Auto Collect to automatically collect the winnings when the desired multiplier is reached. To make use of the Auto Collect feature, click ON or OFF toggle button. After activation, the player will automatically wins when the multiplier reached the value selected by the player. Volume: The volume icon will play the game sounds. Click on the Volume icon to mute/unmute the sounds. Game Rules: After Burner is a multi-player game where the bet can be placed before the JET takes off. Click on 'PLACE YOUR BET' button to place the bet. Player can place the bet for next round if the player has no active bet in the game. Once player confirms the bet, there will be no option to cancel the bet. There is a time of 5 seconds to place/load all bets onto jet. Once the JET takes off, the multiplier in the middle of the screen keeps increasing as the Jet flies higher. To win the game, the player can collect the multiplier before the JET crashes by using COLLECT button. Player can use either Collect or Auto Collect options to collect the winnings. Even though the player opted for Auto collect, the player can collect at any stage of the game. The collected multiplier will be multiplied by the BET amount placed and awarded to the player if won. A multiplier can be collected only one time per Bet staked. Player loses the BET placed if JET crashes before collecting the multiplier. Player has an option to manually enter the desired multiplier in the Auto collect window. If player enters any invalid multiplier the number then automatically will round the multiplier to its nearest valid number. For Base game, the minimum multiplier is 1.00x and maximum multiplier is 10,000x. The min bet is $ 0.10 and the max bet is $ 25.00. Max bet will be considered as combined bet of BET1 and BET2. The multiplier starts from 0.00x, in order to show the continuity, and then immediately steps to 1.00x, beyond which the multiplier progressively increases in fractional steps upto 10,000.00x. There is a chance that the jet may crash at the very start, showing a zero multiplier resulting in no win. Collect option will be disabled for the player when the Blast multiplier is reached. The maximum win possible for the game is 10,000x of stake. When the maximum multiplier is reached, winnings will be auto collected only for the active players. BET amount can be changed by using the increasing and decreasing buttons. All Rounding in this 'After Burner' uses the 'Round Down' method. Round Down always rounds down to the previous lower number, towards zero. This method never increments the digit prior to a discarded fraction. Round off examples 1.765 becomes 1.76 1.776 becomes 1.77 1.764 becomes 1.76 The theoretical return to the player of the game ranges from 88.69% to 97.00%, based on the player's choice made during game play. Gameplay history can be accessed by logging into your account on the desktop website and choosing menu 'Game Logs' inside any game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. All pays are shown in USD currency. If player disconnects during active bet game play, Manual collect is possible if reconnection happens before round completed Active bet gets lost if reconnection happens after the round completed Auto collect happens if the Blast multiplier is greater than the Auto collect multiplier Auto Bet and Auto Collect: Selected bet can be placed automatically for further games by enabling the Auto Bet option. Auto Collect option can be enabled by clicking on Auto option beside COLLECT. Auto collect multiplier can be set using the + and – buttons. Player can also type Collect multiplier manually in both COLLECT areas. Multiplier value is rounded down to nearest valid multiplier. For Auto collect, the minimum multiplier is 1.10x and maximum multiplier is 10,000x. Auto collect will happen if the multiplier on the screen reaches the specified collect multiplier. Auto Collect option will be activated before starting the new game. When Blast multiplier and Auto Collect multiplier are same, then Auto Collect will take precedence. The maximum autoplays that are allowed during a session will be 1000 spins inclusive of both BET1 and BET2 AutoBet's placed. In case of network disconnection or game close inbetween Auto Bet rounds, Auto Bet option will reset to OFF state. Game Options: Player can view the history of the multipliers where the JET is crashed on the left side of the game. History panel displays the last 50 results. Multipliers below 1.50x are indicated in purple color and higher multipliers are indicated in green color. Player can view all the bet details that are being placed on the current game under 'Current Stakes' which is on the right side of the game. Under 'My Bets', player can see the previously made bets and details of last 24 hours. The 'Statistics' section shows the top wins of the game in last 24 hours. Browser panel commands: Click on Game Rules to view the detailed rules of the game as web page. Click on Game Logs to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on the Deposit button to deposit money into your account. The Game Logs functionality is applicable only for the real-money game play. FAQ’s: 1. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If player disconnects during active bet game play, Manual collect is possible if reconnection happens before round completed. Active bet gets lost if reconnection happens after the round completed. Auto collect happens if the Blast multiplier is greater than the Auto collect multiplier. Player will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'History' button once player logged back in. 2. What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Click on ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit in Desktop. Go to the Cashier option $ and deposit in mobile. 3. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Service team. Last modification date: 2/5/2026