Rusty &amp; Curly | Hacksaw Gaming Home Games Games All Slots Instant win games Scratchcards News Contact OpenRGS Partners Careers Ventures Shop Investors Responsible Gaming Please verify that you are over 18 years old to be able to continue using our site. No, go back Yes, I am over 18 Try it Meet Rusty &amp; Curly! Meet Rusty and Curly! This duo of destruction are most likely the silliest shooting funslingers in the entire West! Join them and their companions Crispy &amp; Chewy as they wreak havoc on their way through the muddy roads of Dorkville! Rusty &amp; Curly is a 5-reel, 4-row game with payline wins, semi-sticky Wild Poster symbols and multiplier Wild Reels. The max win of 10,000 times your bet can be achieved in the Stick To The Plan! and Who Shot The Sheriff? bonus games. FEATURES ALMOST STICKY WILD POSTERS Wild Posters can land with Hearts, a Multiplier, or both! They will stay on the grid and give respins as long as at least one Heart remains. Each Wild Poster can land with up to 3 Hearts and loses one Heart per respin. Once no Hearts are left, the Wild Poster will be removed on the next respin. Wild Posters can also land with a random multiplier from one of the following values: 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, 9x, 10x. All landed FS symbols will be collected in the progress bar above the grid during the respins. If you manage to collect 3 or 4, you get a bonus! STICK TO THE PLAN BONUS FEATURE Come on down to Bonus Town, where the grass is dead and the girls are gritty! Get 3 FS scatter symbols during one spin in the base game to activate the STICK TO THE PLAN! bonus feature with 6 free spins! This bonus feature improves on the base game experience by increasing the chance that Wild Posters land with a greater number of Hearts and bigger Multipliers! In the bonus feature, Wild Poster multipliers can be one of the following values: 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, 9x, 10x, 25x, 50x, 100x. While there is at least one Wild Poster on the grid with one Heart or more, you will be given free respins that do not count towards your awarded free spins!&nbsp; WHO SHOT THE SHERIFF? BONUS FEATURE When the bullets start flying, what’s the best thing to do? Shoot more, of course! Get 4 FS scatter symbols during one spin in the base game to activate the WHO SHOT THE SHERIFF? bonus feature with 12 free spins divided in 3 Cycles! This bonus feature consists of a Collect Phase and a Payout Phase which together make up one “Cycle” that consists of 1 Collect Phase spin and 3 Payout Phase spins. In the Collect Phase either Rusty, Curly or both of them will land and expand to a Wild Reel on a random reel. They will then both shoot 1 to 6 times at the Multipliers that appear on the grid. The total value of the Multipliers they shoot at will be added to that Wild Reel in the Payout Phase. The available Multiplier values are: 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 10x, 15x, 20x, 25x, 50x, 100x, 200x. The Payout Phase consists of 3 spins with paying symbols. The Rusty &amp; Curly Wild Reels are sticky with Multiplier values carried over from the Collect Phase. After 3 Payout Phase spins the game will go back to the Collect Phase again. During the Payout Phase, Crispy &amp; Chewy symbols can also land and expand to Wild Reels, but will not have any multipliers. Crispy &amp; Chewy Wild Reels are not sticky. Landing additional FS symbols in the feature will award additional Cycles. Landing 3 FS symbols at the same time awards 1 additional Cycle; landing 4 FS symbols awards 2 additional Cycles. SPECIAL SYMBOLS Wild Poster symbol substitutes for all symbols in the paytable. Wild Reels substitute for all symbols in the paytable. The FS symbol does not appear in the STICK TO THE PLAN game mode. &copy; 2026 Hacksaw Gaming Ltd. All rights reserved. View our privacy policy and our cookie policy . HGMT Ltd. is a company incorporated in Malta with company registration number C84111 having its registered address at: 1st Floor, Suite 3, Central Business Centre, Mdina Road, Zebbug ZBG9015 MALTA. HGMT Ltd. is licensed and regulated by the Malta Gaming Authority (MGA), holding license number MGA/CRP/501/2018, issued on the 2018-12-06 HGMT Ltd is licensed and regulated in Great Britain by the Gambling Commission under account number 54059 HGMT Ltd is licensed and regulated in Greece by the Hellenic Gaming Commission with license number HGC-000055-MN HGIM Ltd, a company registered in the Isle of Man, is authorised by the Gambling Supervisory Commission of the Isle of Man as a Software Supply Licensee and is valid up to the 2027-01-03. " alt="iso2-logo"> We use cookies to verify age when visitors launch our games and to provide the best experience on our website. View our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy Ok No Thanks