Drop&#x27;em | Hacksaw Gaming Home Games Games All Slots Instant win games Scratchcards News Contact OpenRGS Partners Careers Ventures Shop Investors Responsible Gaming Please verify that you are over 18 years old to be able to continue using our site. No, go back Yes, I am over 18 Try it DROP&#x27;EM LIKE IT&#x27;S HOT! CANNY AND MONA ARE BACK IN DROP&#x27;EM! Everyone's favorite slot pairing are back for more retro woodland fun and frolics. And they've brought a brand-new feature to the party... Boasting a top payout of 10,000x the bet , Drop'em debuts our innovative Drop mechanic meaning 7,776 winning ways at most, with bonus action on tap. Take a whimsical jaunt back in time with our latest release... FEATURES Drop Symbol Land the Drop symbol to trigger Drop'em's centerpiece feature. Watch as the Drop symbol falls to the bottom of the grid once all current wins have been awarded, prompting all symbols above it to trickle down toward the bottom of the grid. All empty spaces will then be occupied by the same matching symbol chosen at random by Canny. Canny will display the chosen symbol to the right of the grid - so keep your eyes peeled and hope for the high pays! During the base game, the chosen symbol could be any from the full paytable, including the Wild. Should the dropping symbols form a winning combo - you'll be paid out! What's more, if a win created by the new symbols includes those that were already part of a win prior to the Drop, they'll be included too! Drop Spins Bonus Triggered organically by landing 3 FS symbols in the base game, this bonus includes all symbols in the pool of possible symbols that can descend after a Drop is activated.&nbsp; Starting with 10 initial free spins, catching the FS symbol awards between 1 and 3 additional spins, with the added bonus of potential Upgrades. Should the FS symbol display UPGRADE, any number of symbols will be removed from the pool starting with the lowest in value. Note that the Wild is never removed as part of an Upgrade. High Drop Bonus Land 4 base game FS symbols to bring this round into play, which begins with only high-paying symbols in the pool of possible dropping symbols. Additional free spins and Upgrades are again a possibility in the same manner as the Drop Spins Bonus. Wild Drop Spins Bonus The holy grail, catch an FS symbol on each of the 5 reels in the base game to trigger Wild Drop free spins. This round features - you guessed it - exclusively the Wild symbol in the Drop symbol pool, so prepare for some crazy payouts if you're ever lucky enough to trigger this feature! Naturally, Upgrades don't occur in this bonus. Also note that, unlike the previous two bonuses, this feature cannot be purchased directly and is triggered solely by landing 5 FS symbols at once in the base game. Bonus Buy Enable the popular Bonus Buy feature to Drop into either of the first two bonus rounds in exchange for a fee relative to your wager. BonusHunt FeatureSpins™ BonusHunt FeatureSpins™ give you 5x enhanced odds at triggering a bonus game by paying a fee worth 3 times your stake. GAME DATA Volatility: 4 / 5 Wintype: 7,776 Ways Max win: 10,000x RTP: 96.21%; 94.19%; 92.26%; 88.10% &copy; 2026 Hacksaw Gaming Ltd. All rights reserved. View our privacy policy and our cookie policy . HGMT Ltd. is a company incorporated in Malta with company registration number C84111 having its registered address at: 1st Floor, Suite 3, Central Business Centre, Mdina Road, Zebbug ZBG9015 MALTA. HGMT Ltd. is licensed and regulated by the Malta Gaming Authority (MGA), holding license number MGA/CRP/501/2018, issued on the 2018-12-06 HGMT Ltd is licensed and regulated in Great Britain by the Gambling Commission under account number 54059 HGMT Ltd is licensed and regulated in Greece by the Hellenic Gaming Commission with license number HGC-000055-MN HGIM Ltd, a company registered in the Isle of Man, is authorised by the Gambling Supervisory Commission of the Isle of Man as a Software Supply Licensee and is valid up to the 2027-01-03. " alt="iso2-logo"> We use cookies to verify age when visitors launch our games and to provide the best experience on our website. View our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy Ok No Thanks