Xmas Drop | Hacksaw Gaming Home Games Games All Slots Instant win games Scratchcards News Contact OpenRGS Partners Careers Ventures Shop Investors Responsible Gaming Please verify that you are over 18 years old to be able to continue using our site. No, go back Yes, I am over 18 Try it HO HO HO - Tis&#x27; the season to DROP some gifts! Enter the magical realm of our jaw dropping personal Santa, where he may surprise you with more than just a gift or two!!&nbsp; Witness SANTA releasing WILDS that could potentially feature additional multipliers, reaching up to 200x and an impressive max win of up to 12,500x &nbsp; your bet! FEATURES WILD SANTA SYMBOL Wild Santa symbols expand downward, becoming part of winning combinations. Expanded symbols count as wild on every covered position. Non-expanding Wild Santa symbols are single wilds. Each reel can have only one Wild Santa symbol. WILD GIFT SYMBOL When a Wild Santa symbol expands through a Wild Gift symbol, it transforms into a multiplier. Multiplier values range from 2x to 200x. If multiple expanded Wild Santas with multipliers form a winning combination, their values are added together before being applied to the win. NIGHT BEFORE CHRISTMAS BONUS Land 3 FS scatter symbols simultaneously in the base game to trigger a bonus with 10 free spins! In the Night Before Xmas feature, your chances of landing Wild Santa and Wild Gift symbols increase compared to the base game. Achieving 3 FS symbols during the feature grants 4 extra free spins. If 4 FS symbols land at once in the Night Before Xmas feature, the Santa Claus Is Coming To Town feature activates after the current spin. If the remaining free spins are below 10, they are set to 10; otherwise, the current number remains unchanged. SANTA CLAUS IS COMING TO TOWN BONUS Land 4 FS scatter symbols at the same time in the base game to trigger this bonus feature with 10 free spins! In the Santa Claus Is Coming To Town feature each reel can be activated by landing a Wild Santa symbol on that reel! Once a reel is activated, a Wild Santa symbol is guaranteed to land on that reel on all remaining free spins. Landing 3 FS symbols at the same time during the feature awards 4 additional free spins. SPECIAL SYMBOLS The Wild Gift symbol substitutes for all other symbols in the pay table. The Wild Santa symbol substitutes for all other symbols in the pay table. Bonus Buy As always, it's possible to jump straight into either of the bonus action at a cost relative to your stake via the Bonus Buy menu, where applicable. BONUS HUNT FEATURESPINS™️ Increase your chance by 5x the amount to trigger one of the bonus features.&nbsp; &nbsp;TWO WILD SANTAS FEATURESPINS™ When triggered, each spin guarantees at least 2 Wild Santa symbols land.&nbsp; THREE WILD SANTAS FEATURESPINS™ When triggered, each spin guarantees at least 3 Wild Santa symbols land.&nbsp; GAME DATA Volatility: 3/5 Paylines: 19 unique lines Max Win: 12,500x&nbsp; RTP: 96.22%; 94.27%; 92.32%; 88.02% &copy; 2026 Hacksaw Gaming Ltd. All rights reserved. View our privacy policy and our cookie policy . HGMT Ltd. is a company incorporated in Malta with company registration number C84111 having its registered address at: 1st Floor, Suite 3, Central Business Centre, Mdina Road, Zebbug ZBG9015 MALTA. HGMT Ltd. is licensed and regulated by the Malta Gaming Authority (MGA), holding license number MGA/CRP/501/2018, issued on the 2018-12-06 HGMT Ltd is licensed and regulated in Great Britain by the Gambling Commission under account number 54059 HGMT Ltd is licensed and regulated in Greece by the Hellenic Gaming Commission with license number HGC-000055-MN HGIM Ltd, a company registered in the Isle of Man, is authorised by the Gambling Supervisory Commission of the Isle of Man as a Software Supply Licensee and is valid up to the 2027-01-03. " alt="iso2-logo"> We use cookies to verify age when visitors launch our games and to provide the best experience on our website. View our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy Ok No Thanks