Cash Crew | Hacksaw Gaming Home Games Games All Slots Instant win games Scratchcards News Contact OpenRGS Partners Careers Ventures Shop Investors Responsible Gaming Please verify that you are over 18 years old to be able to continue using our site. No, go back Yes, I am over 18 Try it JOIN THE CREW! Gather your crew and plan every intricate detail before you dive in because we’re going heisting! Cash Crew is a 5-reel, 5-row game with payline wins, two exciting bonus game modes, and a maximum win of 10,000 times your bet! The max win can be achieved in all game modes. FEATURES MULTIPLIERS GONE WILD Multiplier symbols are Wild and substitute for any symbol in the paytable. They also multiply the value of all Cash symbols in a 3x3 area around them if you land a Grab ‘em symbol! Multiplier values are applied to any winning payline they are part of. If more than one Multiplier is part of the same payline, their values are multiplied by each other before being applied to the payline. The possible Multiplier values are: x2, x3, x4, x5, x6, x7, x8, x9, x10, x15, x20, x25. Multiplier symbols with a value of x4 or higher land with a ? and reveal their value when Cash is collected. CASH MONEY Land, collect, multiply! Cash symbols award a prize when collected! Cash symbols can display a value from one of the following: 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 10x, 15x, 20x, 25x, 50x, 100x, 250x, 500x Cash symbols are collected if a Grab ’em scatter symbol appears at the same time as at least one Cash symbol. Multiplier symbols affect all collected Cash in a 3x3 area around the symbol. If more than one Multiplier lands adjacent to a Cash symbol, the Cash value is multiplied by each adjacent Multiplier symbol.&nbsp; THE VAULT Activate this bonus feature with 6 free spins by landing 3 FS scatter symbols at the same time during the base game. This bonus feature offers an enhanced base game experience, with better odds of landing a greater number of Cash and Multiplier symbols with higher values! On top of that, all landed Multiplier symbol positions are activated for the duration of the feature! That means that a random multiplier will land on every remaining spin on all activated positions. Landing the Stopwatch symbol awards 1 to 6 additional free spins, indicated by the number shown on the stopwatch display. THE HIGH-SECURITY VAULT Activate this bonus feature with 9 free spins by landing 4 FS scatter symbols at the same time during the base game. This bonus feature offers an enhanced base game experience, with better odds of landing a greater number of Cash and Multiplier symbols with higher values! All landed Cash symbols will have a minimum value of 5x! On top of that, all landed Multiplier symbol positions are activated for the duration of the feature! That means that a random multiplier will land on every remaining spin on all activated positions. Landing the Stopwatch symbol awards 1 to 6 additional free spins, indicated by the number shown on the stopwatch display. SPECIAL SYMBOLS The Multiplier symbol substitutes for all symbols in the paytable. &copy; 2026 Hacksaw Gaming Ltd. All rights reserved. View our privacy policy and our cookie policy . HGMT Ltd. is a company incorporated in Malta with company registration number C84111 having its registered address at: 1st Floor, Suite 3, Central Business Centre, Mdina Road, Zebbug ZBG9015 MALTA. HGMT Ltd. is licensed and regulated by the Malta Gaming Authority (MGA), holding license number MGA/CRP/501/2018, issued on the 2018-12-06 HGMT Ltd is licensed and regulated in Great Britain by the Gambling Commission under account number 54059 HGMT Ltd is licensed and regulated in Greece by the Hellenic Gaming Commission with license number HGC-000055-MN HGIM Ltd, a company registered in the Isle of Man, is authorised by the Gambling Supervisory Commission of the Isle of Man as a Software Supply Licensee and is valid up to the 2027-01-03. " alt="iso2-logo"> We use cookies to verify age when visitors launch our games and to provide the best experience on our website. View our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy Ok No Thanks