Ze Zeus | Hacksaw Gaming Home Games Games All Slots Instant win games Scratchcards News Contact OpenRGS Partners Careers Ventures Shop Investors Responsible Gaming Please verify that you are over 18 years old to be able to continue using our site. No, go back Yes, I am over 18 Try it What would Ze Zeus do? Never fear, the almighty Ze Zeus is here! Charge up your fists of thunder and don your flashiest wreath, it’s time to awaken your inner God of Thunder!&nbsp; Light up the skies in this electrifying 6-reel 5-row game with cluster wins. With a max win potential of 10,000 times the bet that can be reached in both the base game and all bonus feature game modes, Olympus is the limit!&nbsp; Still unsure if you are ready to conquer the heavens? Just ask yourself, what would Ze Zeus do? The max win can be reached in the base game and in the WHAT IF ZEUS WAS ONE OF US?, ZE ZEUS TAKE THE WHEEL and ZE ZEUS MIGHT SUPERSTAR game modes. FEATURES SUPER CASCADES Any time a winning combination occurs, all regular paying symbols of the type that were part of the winning combination will also be removed from the grid and new ones will drop down to fill the empty spaces. WIN TO WIN After a winning combination occurs, the squares behind the winning symbols will be highlighted as Divine Squares. If there is a Hand of Zeus symbol on the grid it will activate any Divine Squares after all wins have been completed. Activated Divine Squares reveal either Bronze, Silver or Gold Coins, and have a chance to show Vessel of Wealth or Zap of Zeus symbols. All Coins are cash prizes that are paid as a multiple of your bet. After all symbols have been revealed, any Zap of Zeus symbols will activate and multiply all Coins or existing Vessel of Wealth symbols on adjacent squares. Vessel of Wealth symbols will activate after all Coins have been revealed and all Zap of Zeus symbols have been activated. Vessel of Wealth symbols collect the values of all Coins and other Vessel of Wealth symbols and store their total value. Vessel of Wealth symbols activate top-to-bottom, left-to-right. After the last Vessel of Wealth on the current grid has activated, all other Divine Squares will activate again to reveal new symbols and the process above repeats. Once all reveals and activations have been completed all Coins and Vessel of Wealth symbols will be added together and multiplied with your bet amount to determine the final awarded win. WHAT IF ZEUS WAS ONE OF US? Activate this bonus game with free spins by landing 3 FS scatter symbols at the same time in the base game. In this bonus all Divine Squares remain highlighted between spins until they are activated by the Hand of Zeus symbol. Landing additional FS]symbols at the same time in the bonus game awards extra free spins:&nbsp; 2 FS awards +2 free spins;&nbsp; 3 FS awards +4 free spins. Landing 4 FS symbols at the same time upgrades the bonus to the ZE ZEUS TAKE THE WHEEL bonus and awards +4 free spins. ZE ZEUS TAKE THE WHEEL Activate this bonus game with free spins by landing 4 FS scatter symbols at the same time in the base game. In this bonus all Divine Squares remain highlighted throughout the whole bonus, even after being activated by the Hand of Zeus symbol. Landing additional FS symbols at the same time in the bonus game awards extra free spins:&nbsp; 2 FS awards +2 free spins; 3 FS awards +4 free spins. ZE ZEUS MIGHT SUPERSTAR Activate this bonus game with free spins by landing 5 FS scatter symbols at the same time in the base game. In this bonus all Divine Squares remain highlighted throughout the whole bonus, even after being activated by the Hand of Zeus symbol. A Hand of Zeus symbol is guaranteed to land on every free spin in this bonus. In addition, Bronze Coins do not exist in this bonus. SPECIAL SYMBOLS The Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols in the paytable. &copy; 2026 Hacksaw Gaming Ltd. All rights reserved. View our privacy policy and our cookie policy . HGMT Ltd. is a company incorporated in Malta with company registration number C84111 having its registered address at: 1st Floor, Suite 3, Central Business Centre, Mdina Road, Zebbug ZBG9015 MALTA. HGMT Ltd. is licensed and regulated by the Malta Gaming Authority (MGA), holding license number MGA/CRP/501/2018, issued on the 2018-12-06 HGMT Ltd is licensed and regulated in Great Britain by the Gambling Commission under account number 54059 HGMT Ltd is licensed and regulated in Greece by the Hellenic Gaming Commission with license number HGC-000055-MN HGIM Ltd, a company registered in the Isle of Man, is authorised by the Gambling Supervisory Commission of the Isle of Man as a Software Supply Licensee and is valid up to the 2027-01-03. " alt="iso2-logo"> We use cookies to verify age when visitors launch our games and to provide the best experience on our website. View our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy Ok No Thanks