Fist of Destruction | Hacksaw Gaming Home Games Games All Slots Instant win games Scratchcards News Contact OpenRGS Partners Careers Ventures Shop Investors Responsible Gaming Please verify that you are over 18 years old to be able to continue using our site. No, go back Yes, I am over 18 Try it Ready..? FIGHT! Gather your crew, tighten your bandana and crush your opponents in this 5-reel, 4-row game with paylines wins. Fist of Destruction features the Fist Wild Reel mechanic and two levels of the exciting bonus game. The maximum win of 10,000 times your bet can be reached in all game modes.&nbsp;&nbsp; CHOOSE YOUR FIGHTER You can choose which characters should be displayed outside the grid by clicking on their miniature images. This choice will have no impact on the outcome of the game. FIST SYMBOL WILD REELS When a Fist symbol activates, it expands into a Wild Reel that starts from the position of the Fist symbol and rises to the top of the reel. Fist symbols only activate if the expanded reel would be part of at least one winning combination once expanded.&nbsp; Fist Wild Reels are wild and substitute for all other paying symbols. Fist symbols belong to either the Red team or the Blue team, which is indicated by the color of the symbol. If the Fist symbol passes through (“punches”) a Fighter symbol of the opposite team or a Wild symbol, a multiplier will be added to the wild reel. This multiplier will be applied to each winning combination it is part of. If the Fist symbol has traveled through multiple Fighter symbols, the multipliers will be added together and then applied to the win. If a winning combination includes more than one Fist Wild Reel, their multipliers are added together before being applied to the win. The possible multiplier values are: 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, 9x, 10x, 15x, 20x, 25x, 50x, 100x, 200x Each reel can land only one Fist symbol at once. THROWDOWN! BONUS Land 3 FS scatter symbols at the same time in the base game to activate this bonus game with 10 free spins. In the THROWDOWN! BONUS, the mechanics of the base game are maintained. In addition, the Red and Blue teams battle against each other to increase their Victory Level. Each team starts with the Victory Level 3+. Every time a Fist symbol from either team punches a Fighter of the opposing team or a Wild symbol, the Fist’s team gains one Victory Point. For example, the Red team gains one Victory Point when a Red Fist punches a Fighter from the Blue team.&nbsp; When the team has collected three Victory Points, a respin with the Epic Drop™ is awarded and the winning team’s Victory Level increases by one. The number of Fist symbols that are guaranteed to drop in the Epic Drop™ depends on the Victory Level of the team: Victory Level 3+: At least 3 Fist symbols of the winning team’s color are guaranteed to land in the Epic Drop™ Victory Level 4+: At least 4 Fist symbols of the winning team’s color are guaranteed to land in the Epic Drop™ Victory Level 5+: 5 Fist symbols of the winning team’s color are guaranteed to land in the Epic Drop™ Fists that land during the Epic Drop™ do not count towards increasing the winning team’s Victory Level.&nbsp; Landing additional FS symbols at the same time during the feature awards additional free spins: 2 FS symbols award 2 extra spins; 3 FS symbols award 4 extra spins.&nbsp; ULTIMATE THROWDOWN! BONUS Land 4 FS scatter symbols at the same time in the base game to activate this bonus game with 10 free spins. In the ULTIMATE THROWDOWN! BONUS, the mechanics of the THROWDOWN! BONUS are maintained, but each team starts with the Victory Level 4+. Landing additional FS symbols at the same time during the feature awards additional free spins: 2 FS symbols award 2 extra spins; 3 FS symbols award 4 extra spins.&nbsp; SPECIAL SYMBOLS The Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols in the paytable. &copy; 2026 Hacksaw Gaming Ltd. All rights reserved. View our privacy policy and our cookie policy . HGMT Ltd. is a company incorporated in Malta with company registration number C84111 having its registered address at: 1st Floor, Suite 3, Central Business Centre, Mdina Road, Zebbug ZBG9015 MALTA. HGMT Ltd. is licensed and regulated by the Malta Gaming Authority (MGA), holding license number MGA/CRP/501/2018, issued on the 2018-12-06 HGMT Ltd is licensed and regulated in Great Britain by the Gambling Commission under account number 54059 HGMT Ltd is licensed and regulated in Greece by the Hellenic Gaming Commission with license number HGC-000055-MN HGIM Ltd, a company registered in the Isle of Man, is authorised by the Gambling Supervisory Commission of the Isle of Man as a Software Supply Licensee and is valid up to the 2027-01-03. " alt="iso2-logo"> We use cookies to verify age when visitors launch our games and to provide the best experience on our website. View our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy Ok No Thanks