Octo Attack | Hacksaw Gaming Home Games Games All Slots Instant win games Scratchcards News Contact OpenRGS Partners Careers Ventures Shop Investors Responsible Gaming Please verify that you are over 18 years old to be able to continue using our site. No, go back Yes, I am over 18 Try it Otto the Octopus has you in his grip! WILD SYMBOLS AND WILD MULTIPLIER SYMBOLS The Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols in the paytable. Wild symbols can also land with one of the following adding multiplier values: 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, 9x, 10x INK STAINS When there is a win on the grid the win will be calculated, the winning symbols will be removed and new symbols will drop in to replace them. The winning positions will be marked with Ink Stains. Ink Stains are removed from the grid after they have been used by the Tenta-Grab mechanic, and they are reset between spins. EYE OF OTTO AND THE TENTA-GRAB MECHANIC The Eye of Otto symbol activates the Tenta-Grab mechanic when it lands on a grid with Ink Stains. When activated, the Tenta-Grab mechanic will randomly grab one symbol on the grid, and replace all Ink Stained positions and itself with the grabbed symbol. The Tenta-Grab mechanic can grab low symbols, high symbols, FS symbols, Wild symbols or Wild Multiplier symbols. If a Wild symbol or a Wild Multiplier is grabbed by the Tenta-Grab mechanic, there is a chance that the replaced symbols will become Wild Multipliers. EIGHTH ARM IS THE CHARM BONUS FEATURE Activate this bonus feature with free spins by landing at least 3 normal FS scatter symbols at the same time during the base game. The number of normal FS symbols that triggered the bonus feature will equal the number of awarded free spins. During this bonus feature, Ink Stains are not removed from the grid between spins until they are grabbed by the Tenta-Grab mechanic. Landing additional normal FS symbols at the same time during the feature awards additional free spins. For every three normal FS scatter symbols that land at the same time, you will be awarded 1 extra spin. &copy; 2026 Hacksaw Gaming Ltd. All rights reserved. View our privacy policy and our cookie policy . HGMT Ltd. is a company incorporated in Malta with company registration number C84111 having its registered address at: 1st Floor, Suite 3, Central Business Centre, Mdina Road, Zebbug ZBG9015 MALTA. HGMT Ltd. is licensed and regulated by the Malta Gaming Authority (MGA), holding license number MGA/CRP/501/2018, issued on the 2018-12-06 HGMT Ltd is licensed and regulated in Great Britain by the Gambling Commission under account number 54059 HGMT Ltd is licensed and regulated in Greece by the Hellenic Gaming Commission with license number HGC-000055-MN HGIM Ltd, a company registered in the Isle of Man, is authorised by the Gambling Supervisory Commission of the Isle of Man as a Software Supply Licensee and is valid up to the 2027-01-03. " alt="iso2-logo"> We use cookies to verify age when visitors launch our games and to provide the best experience on our website. View our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy Ok No Thanks