Twisted Lab | Hacksaw Gaming Home Games Games All Slots Instant win games Scratchcards News Contact OpenRGS Partners Careers Ventures Shop Investors Responsible Gaming Please verify that you are over 18 years old to be able to continue using our site. No, go back Yes, I am over 18 Try it Unleash the ooze! A vial cracks in the heat, a billow of smoke obscures your vision. From the corner, a voice softly whispers… Five Drops of Canny,&nbsp; Three spills of Crew, A slight hint of madness, For a yummy Hacksaw brew! Our maker Mr. Melker and his helper Pat the Rat invite you to join them in the Twisted Lab — a place where up is sometimes down, and left is often right. Challenge the RotoGrid™ in this 5-reel, 5-row game with payline wins. The maximum win of 15,000x can be reached in all game modes. Theme/s: &nbsp;Mad Scientist&nbsp; Character/s : Mr Melker and Pat the Rat Win Type: Playlines with 19 winning lines Maxwin: 15, 000x Volatility: 4/5 Take yourself on a truly twisted tale to discover the secrets to the perfect Hacksaw recipe. Put on your lab coat, and let’s get twisty. FEATURES ROTOGRID ™ The RotoGrid™ symbol can land on the grid, charged with 1 to 4 ninety-degree clockwise rotations. Each charge will cause the entire grid to rotate by 90 degrees, creating even more opportunities to achieve payline wins! The wins from the initial drop will be calculated and collected before the RotoGrid™ symbol activates. OOZING BEAKERS When the RotoGrid™ symbol causes the grid to rotate, any Oozing Beakers on the grid will break and spill their Oozing content to the bottom of the grid. All positions that are covered by the Ooze will become wild symbols that substitute for all symbols in the paytable. Purple Oozing Beakers do not contain multiplier values. Possible values for Blue Oozing Beakers adding multiplier values: 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 10x, 15x, 20x, 25x, 50x, 100x Possible values for Pink Oozing Beakers multiplying multiplier values: x2, x3, x4, x5, x10 If Ooze spills to cover previous Ooze, the multiplier values will be added together and the result will be applied to all Oozing positions on that reel. If Blue Ooze is combined with Pink Ooze, their multipliers will be added together and the resulting Green Ooze multiplier will become multiplying. UNLEASH THE OOZE! BONUS FEATURE Activate this bonus feature with 10 free spins by landing 3 FS scatter symbols at the same time during the base game. Throughout this bonus, there is an increased chance of landing RotoGrid™ symbols, FS symbols and Oozing Beakers! THE TWIST OF THE TWISTED! BONUS FEATURE In the bonus, the game transforms and only Blue Twisters, Pink Twisters, Collect symbols, RotoGrid™ symbols and non-paying symbols will appear! Four multiplier values are displayed on each Twister. The value at the top of the symbol is the current value of the multiplier. When the grid rotates, the value that moves to the top of the symbol becomes the new current value. Possible values for Blue Twister adding multipliers are: 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 10x, 15x, 20x, 25x, 50x, 100x, 1000x Possible values for Pink Twister multipliers are: 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 10x, 15x, 20x, 25x, 50x, 100x, 1000x, x2, x3, x4, x5, x10 Blue Twisters will rotate with the grid when a RotoGrid™ symbol has landed. Pink Twisters will rotate on every new free spin, and will rotate an additional time with the grid if a RotoGrid™ symbol has landed. Throughout the feature there is a chance to land the Collector symbol. When this symbol has landed, it will activate at the end of the current freespin. When activated, the Collector symbol will collect the multiplier values of all Twisters on the grid. All Twisters will stay on the grid until they are either collected by a Collector symbol, or until the end of the feature. The Bonus has 3 refilling lives that reset each time Twisters or Collector symbols land. Each life represents one free spin. Once all 3 lives are consumed without a new reset, the bonus feature ends. At the end of the bonus feature the current Twister values on the grid and the value collected by any Collect symbols are added together and multiplied by your bet to give you the final win! SPECIAL SYMBOLS - Purple Oozing Beaker symbols do not appear in the UNLEASH THE OOZE! bonus feature. - In the THE TWIST OF THE TWISTED! Bonus feature, the RotoGrid™ symbol can land on all reels. In all other game modes, FS symbols and RotoGrid™ symbols cannot land on reel 1. &copy; 2026 Hacksaw Gaming Ltd. All rights reserved. View our privacy policy and our cookie policy . HGMT Ltd. is a company incorporated in Malta with company registration number C84111 having its registered address at: 1st Floor, Suite 3, Central Business Centre, Mdina Road, Zebbug ZBG9015 MALTA. HGMT Ltd. is licensed and regulated by the Malta Gaming Authority (MGA), holding license number MGA/CRP/501/2018, issued on the 2018-12-06 HGMT Ltd is licensed and regulated in Great Britain by the Gambling Commission under account number 54059 HGMT Ltd is licensed and regulated in Greece by the Hellenic Gaming Commission with license number HGC-000055-MN HGIM Ltd, a company registered in the Isle of Man, is authorised by the Gambling Supervisory Commission of the Isle of Man as a Software Supply Licensee and is valid up to the 2027-01-03. " alt="iso2-logo"> We use cookies to verify age when visitors launch our games and to provide the best experience on our website. View our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy Ok No Thanks