Tai the Toad | Hacksaw Gaming Home Games Games All Slots Instant win games Scratchcards News Contact OpenRGS Partners Careers Ventures Shop Investors Responsible Gaming Please verify that you are over 18 years old to be able to continue using our site. No, go back Yes, I am over 18 Try it Toadally awesome! Prepare to embark on a journey of prosperity! Tai the Toad is a 5x5 slot with payline wins and a wealth and prosperity theme! The maximum win in this game is 7,500 times your bet! The max win can be achieved in the base game, the Toad Bonus and Golden Toad Bonus game modes. FEATURES The Toad &amp; the Pot The Toad symbol is a revealing symbol that reveals either a Wild symbol or a Gold Coins symbol when activated by the Prosperity Pot symbol! All Toad symbols reveal the same type of symbol. When the Prosperity Pot symbol lands, it first shows what all Toad symbols will reveal and then transforms into the revealed symbol.&nbsp; Gold Coins scatter symbols are cash prizes based on your current bet. All Gold Coins symbols are added together and the total amount is multiplied by your current bet to produce the win amount. Gold Coins can have the following values:1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 50, 75, 100, 250, 500, 750, 1000 When revealing Gold Coins symbols, there is a chance that a Toad symbol instead reveals a Coin Bag scatter symbol.&nbsp; Coin Bag symbols reveal a multiplier value, and then multiply 1-5 Gold Coins symbols with the revealed value. The same Gold Coins pile symbol can be affected multiple times by the same Coin Bag, or by different Coin Bags. Coin Bags can have the following values: x2, x3, x4, x5 Toad Bonus Land 3 FS scatter symbols at the same time in the base game to trigger this feature, which awards 10 free spins! Land Dragon and Double Dragon scatter symbols to collect Toad Points above the reels! Dragon symbols add 1 - 5 Toad Points to the meter above the reel where it landed. Double Dragon symbols add 1 - 5 Toad Points to all reels! When the Prosperity Pot symbol lands, an equal amount of Toad symbols will fill random positions on the corresponding reels. Toad Points are reset after each Prosperity Pot symbol has activated. Completely filling the Toads Points meter above all reels at the same time awards 10 additional free spins! Landing 3 FS symbols at the same time in the feature awards 4 additional free spins. Landing 4 FS symbols at the same time in the feature instantly triggers the Golden Toad Bonus. If the remaining number of free spins is less than 10, the remaining number of free spins will be set to 10. Otherwise, the current number of remaining free spins is unchanged. Feature 3 Golden Toad Bonus Land 4 FS scatter symbols at the same time in the base game to trigger this feature, which awards 10 free spins! The Golden Toad Bonus game has progressive Toad Points that do not reset after each Prosperity Pot activation! See description of Toad Bonus above for other rules. SPECIAL SYMBOLS The Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols in the paytable. &copy; 2026 Hacksaw Gaming Ltd. All rights reserved. View our privacy policy and our cookie policy . HGMT Ltd. is a company incorporated in Malta with company registration number C84111 having its registered address at: 1st Floor, Suite 3, Central Business Centre, Mdina Road, Zebbug ZBG9015 MALTA. HGMT Ltd. is licensed and regulated by the Malta Gaming Authority (MGA), holding license number MGA/CRP/501/2018, issued on the 2018-12-06 HGMT Ltd is licensed and regulated in Great Britain by the Gambling Commission under account number 54059 HGMT Ltd is licensed and regulated in Greece by the Hellenic Gaming Commission with license number HGC-000055-MN HGIM Ltd, a company registered in the Isle of Man, is authorised by the Gambling Supervisory Commission of the Isle of Man as a Software Supply Licensee and is valid up to the 2027-01-03. " alt="iso2-logo"> We use cookies to verify age when visitors launch our games and to provide the best experience on our website. View our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy Ok No Thanks