Slayers Inc | Hacksaw Gaming Home Games Games All Slots Instant win games Scratchcards News Contact OpenRGS Partners Careers Ventures Shop Investors Responsible Gaming Please verify that you are over 18 years old to be able to continue using our site. No, go back Yes, I am over 18 Try it Let&#x27;s get slayin&#x27;! Ready to Slay? Step into the world of Slayers Inc... Run amok in a dystopian futuristic metropolis, slicing through all those that appose you. Plot your next move and join the syndicate in the battle for ultimate power. Experience the thrill in this 5-reel, 4-row game with paylines and the DuelReels™mechanic. The max win of 15,000 times your bet can be reached in all game modes. Sharpen up samurai, we've got some slaying to do. Theme/s: Cyberpunk Metropolis Character/s: The Slicing Slayers (we'll never reveal their identity!) Win Type: Playlines with 14 winning lines Maxwin: 15, 000x Volatility: 5/5 FEATURES SLAYER DUELREELS™&nbsp; A landed VS symbol will expand if it will form part of a win once expanded. Once triggered, it will expand to cover the entire reel and display two slayers with different multipliers. A duel will take place, and the surviving slayer’s multiplier will be applied across the entire reel. At this point the entire reel also turns Wild. If more than one duel is part of the same win the values will first be added and then multiplied with the line wins. The possible multiplier values are 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, 9x, 10x, 15x, 20x, 25x, 50x, 100x, 250x, 500x​​. If you land one VS symbol on each reel so that the whole grid is covered, the grid will be treated as entirely Wild. Each reel can land only one VS symbol at once. RISE OF THE SYNDICATE Land 3 FS scatter symbols at the same time in the base game to activate the RISE OF THE SYNDICATE bonus feature with 10 free spins! In this bonus feature there is a higher chance of landing a VS symbol! Landing additional FS symbols at the same time during the feature awards additional free spins: 2 FS symbols award 2 extra spins;&nbsp; 3 FS symbols award 4 extra spins.&nbsp; WILD SLAYERS Land 4 FS scatter symbols at the same time in the base game to activate the WILD SLAYERS bonus feature with 10 free spins! This bonus maintains the mechanics of the base game. On top of that, there is a chance to activate the Slicer mechanic whenever a VS symbol lands. The Slicer mechanic will add a full row of Wild symbols on a randomly selected row on the grid.&nbsp; Landing additional FS symbols at the same time during the feature awards additional free spins: 2 FS symbols award 2 extra spins.&nbsp; 3 FS symbols award 4 extra spins.&nbsp; ONE SLAYER TO SLAY THEM ALL Land 5 FS scatter symbols at the same time in the base game to activate the ONE SLAYER TO SLAY THEM ALL bonus feature with 10 free spins! This bonus feature maintains the mechanics of the WILD SLAYERS bonus. On top of that, the Slayer DuelReels™ mechanic and the Slicer mechanic are guaranteed to activate on every spin! BEST OF BONUS Land the Best of Bonus scatter symbol at the same time as the required amount of FS scatter symbols in the base game to trigger the Best of Bonus versions of the bonus features: Land 3 FS symbols and a Best of Bonus symbol to trigger BEST OF RISE OF THE SYNDICATE; Land 4 FS symbols and a Best of Bonus symbol to trigger BEST OF WILD SLAYERS; Land 5 FS symbols and a Best of Bonus symbol to trigger BEST OF ONE SLAYER TO SLAY THEM ALL. In the Best of Bonus versions of the bonus features, three rounds of the bonus feature is played out in a row. The resulting win from each round is stored on the scoreboard outside the grid. At the end of the third and final round, the highest value from the scoreboard is awarded to the player. SPECIAL SYMBOLS The Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols in the paytable. The Best of Bonus symbol can only appear in the base game. FS symbols do not appear in the ONE SLAYER TO SLAY THEM ALL bonus feature. &copy; 2026 Hacksaw Gaming Ltd. All rights reserved. View our privacy policy and our cookie policy . HGMT Ltd. is a company incorporated in Malta with company registration number C84111 having its registered address at: 1st Floor, Suite 3, Central Business Centre, Mdina Road, Zebbug ZBG9015 MALTA. HGMT Ltd. is licensed and regulated by the Malta Gaming Authority (MGA), holding license number MGA/CRP/501/2018, issued on the 2018-12-06 HGMT Ltd is licensed and regulated in Great Britain by the Gambling Commission under account number 54059 HGMT Ltd is licensed and regulated in Greece by the Hellenic Gaming Commission with license number HGC-000055-MN HGIM Ltd, a company registered in the Isle of Man, is authorised by the Gambling Supervisory Commission of the Isle of Man as a Software Supply Licensee and is valid up to the 2027-01-03. " alt="iso2-logo"> We use cookies to verify age when visitors launch our games and to provide the best experience on our website. View our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy Ok No Thanks