Hawaiian Madness Hawaiian Madness is a five-reel, fifty-payline Jackpot slot game with Free Spins feature. When 3 or more scattered Bell symbols appear anywhere in view, the player is required to choose one scattered Bell which reveals the free spin count and multiplier value. The Free Spins feature cannot be retriggered within free spins. Game Information: You can bet on up to fifty lines. The Betting limits are shown on the game screen title bar. LINES can be changed by using the ◄ and ►buttons or by dragging bag zip. BET amount can be changed by using the ◄ and ►buttons SPIN begins the game with the currently selected BETS and LINES MAX BET selects 50 lines and maximum bet per line. Payouts are displayed on the PAYTABLE Pay line wins are multiplied by the amount bet per line Highest win amount is paid on each selected pay line Coinciding wins on different lit lines are all added to your total. Scatter wins are multiplied by total bet and added to pay line wins. All wins occur on selected pay lines, except for scattered Bell which pays anywhere in view. Feature wins are added to scatter and pay line wins All symbols pay from left to right only except Scattered Bell which pays anywhere. The Hawaiian Madness logo wild symbol appears only on Reels 1, 2, 3, and 4 and substitutes for all other symbols except the Scattered Bell and works only in conjunction with all other symbols, except the Scattered Bell symbol. Malfunctions Voids all Pays and Plays. How To Play: Setting 'LINES': Fifty lines are selected by default. Lines can be changed either by clicking ◄ and ► buttons available to the Left & Right of the 'LINES' indicator on the game screen respectively or by dragging bag zipper. Selected lines are lit, and unselected lines are not lit. Player can also select/deselect lines by clicking on desired line number at the end of lines. Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet per line is set for all 50 lines, resulting in a total bet. You can choose to increase or decrease the bet per line by using the ◄ and ► buttons available to the Left & Right of 'BETS' indicator. If your game balance drops below your total bet placed, bet and lines will not get adjusted to the next possible bet instead Re-buy window will appear. If you have no funds in your account, the deposit option will pop up. Max Bet: To play with max bet, click on 'MAX BET'. If your game balance is not sufficient, this option is disabled. The number of selected lines is multiplied by the 'bet per line', and the total bet amount is displayed in the 'TOTAL BET' meter, which is located at bottom left of the game screen. RULES: Game rules can be viewed by clicking on RULES button which is located above the 'TOTAL BET 'meter. Jackpot rules can be viewed by clicking on 'JACKPOT RULES' button in game rules page. You can go back to the game by clicking on the 'BACK TO GAME' button. 'PAYTABLE': The 'PAYTABLE' can be viewed by clicking on the 'PAYTABLE' button located right side of the “TOTAL BET” meter. To calculate the payout amount, multiply the respective prize with the bet per line. Note that to calculate the payout for scattered Bell symbol, multiply the respective prize with the total bet. You can go back to the game by clicking on the 'BACK TO GAME' button. SPIN: Click on SPIN to start spinning the reels. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines, or any scatter wins, will be paid according to the pay table. Result: Any wins are indicated by their pay lines highlighted and symbols animating or, in the case of a scatter win, by their symbols animating. The individual line wins are shown at the end of each winning line. PAID: Any Line win and/or Scatter win is shown in the ticker area under the five reels. Free Spins feature: The Free Spins feature is triggered when 3 or more Scattered Bell symbols appear anywhere on reels. When the player chooses one of the Bell symbols, it reveals the number of free spins awarded and multiplier value. The Free Spins feature cannot be retriggered during free spins. Once all the free spins are completed, normal game is restored. Repeat Bet/Change Bet: If you have already bet, the settings selected will be automatically carried over to the subsequent spin if there is sufficient amount. Simply click on 'SPIN' to play with the same bet again. To change your bet, use the ◄ and ► buttons near the 'BET' or 'LINES' indicators as explained above. Credits: Your remaining game balance, after you have placed the desired bet, is shown in 'CREDITS' meter. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed in the 'CREDITS' meter and the 'TOTAL BET' meter. Jackpot feature game: The jackpot feature is triggered when you hit the jackpot. The main game screen will change, and the jackpot feature screen will open, allowing you to select six out of the nine available symbols to reveal the '$' signs, and see the level of jackpot awarded. When the jackpot feature game is completed, the main game screen is restored to its previous state. Your jackpot win will be credited to your Account balance immediately. If you hit multiple jackpots at the same time, the jackpot feature for each of the jackpots will be played consecutively. The larger your wager, the more chances you have of winning the jackpot 'AUTOSPIN': You can make use of this feature to choose amongst the various options for 'hands free' game play. Options available under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will automatically spin for the number of spins selected from the drop-down menu. You can choose any number of games and play until your balance is less than the total bet placed. Spin till win is equal to or exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount selected from the drop down menu. Spin till any win: The game will automatically spin until the next win. Spin till feature trigger: The game will automatically spin until the next feature is triggered. Spin till my balance exceeds or equals to: The game will automatically spin until the game balance is greater than or equal to the amount entered. Note that 'game balance' implies the sum of the amounts given under 'CREDITS' meter and 'TOTAL BET' meter. Spin till my balance falls below or equals to: The game will automatically spin until the game balance is less than or equal to the amount entered. Note that 'game balance' implies the sum of amounts given under 'CREDITS' meter and 'TOTAL BET' meter. Play faster: This option lets you play faster than usual by reducing the break time. You must choose at least one of the other available Autospin options to play with this option. To make use of the ‘AUTOSPIN’ feature, click on the 'AUTOSPIN' button available at the bottom of the game screen. On the screen that opens up, select the checkboxes against the option(s) of your choice. Select from the drop-down menu where ever applicable. If your current Game balance is not sufficient to support your choice of option(s), the ‘BUY-IN’ window pops up allowing you to buy-in more credits from your Account. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Similarly, click on 'CANCEL' to skip the ‘AUTOSPIN’ feature and get back to the game screen. When playing with multiple 'AUTO SPIN' options, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be ignored. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again, or choose new option(s), and proceed with the 'AUTO SPIN'. Click on 'STOPSPIN' button to deactivate AUTOSPIN. While AUTOSPIN is in progress, you can interrupt the game by clicking on the 'STOPSPIN' button. If spin is in progress, AUTOSPIN will be stopped after completing the current spin, otherwise AUTOSPIN is stopped immediately and normal game is restored. Please note: The 'AUTOSPIN' option is not available in play money mode. Click on 'GAME LOGS' to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on 'GAME RULES' to view the current version number & game rules of the game. Click on 'REBUY' to buy more credits into the game from your Account. Click on 'EXIT GAME' to leave the game and return to the Lobby. Click on 'QUICK DEPOSIT' button to deposit money into your Account. The “GAME LOGS” and “REBUY” functionality is applicable only for the real money game play. The game rules are identical in both real money and play money modes. Free Spins Feature Game Play: The Free Spins feature is triggered when 3 or more Scattered Bell symbols appear anywhere in view. When the player clicks on one of the Scattered Bell symbols, it will reveal the total number of free spins awarded and the multiplier value. The number of free spins and multiplier awarded are random. A maximum of 30 free spins and a maximum of 10 as multiplier are awarded. All prizes during free spins are multiplied by the revealed multiplier. The Free Spins feature cannot be re-triggered. Free spins are played at the same number of lines and bet per line of the triggering game. Free spin wins are added to pay line and scatter wins. Pay Table: Click on PAY TABLE button in the main game screen, game will navigate to Pay table screen. Pay Lines: The theoretical return to player of this game is 93.28% Adding funds to your Account To add funds to your Account, click on 'DEPOSIT' in the 'Cashier' menu, then select the desired deposit option (Play Anywhere clients) or click on 'DEPOSIT' in the 'Cashier' option on left panel in Main Lobby, then select the desired deposit option (Download clients). You can also add funds to your account by clicking on 'REBUY' on the game screen and then clicking on 'DEPOSIT NOW'. The time taken to transfer funds and the fees charged will vary depending on which deposit option you choose. What do I do if I reach my betting limits? If your game balance drops below the minimum bet, Buy-In window will be automatically presented. To add funds to your Account, click on the 'DEPOSIT' option in the 'Cashier' menu in the Main Lobby (Play Anywhere clients) or click on 'DEPOSIT' in the 'Cashier' option on left panel in Main Lobby, then select the desired deposit option (Download clients), or click the 'DEPOSIT NOW' button in the 'Buy-In' window of any game. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete the game for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game Logs' button once you have logged back in. If player gets disconnected after triggering free spins feature and before shooting the ducks, after reconnection the player is allowed to shoot the ducks, continue the feature game. When there is a disconnection during the Free spins feature (after shooting the ducks), after reconnection the game will continue from where disconnection happened and the player is allowed to continue the Free spins feature. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team. Last modification date: 11/3/2020