Heist Game Objective: Heist is a five-reel, 30-line slot game with a Wild Reel, a Heist Bonus feature and a Glass Cutter Click Me feature that give you the chance to win extra prizes. 3 or more Vault Door symbols on any active payline trigger the Heist Bonus feature. These Vault Door symbols do not have to be consecutive on the payline and do not have to start from the first reel. You can choose the Hack, Drill or Explode options to break open the vault and win the prize. 3 or more Glass Cutter symbols on any active payline trigger the Glass Cutter Click Me feature. These Glass Cutter symbols do not have to be consecutive on the payline and do not have to start from the first reel. Click on any of the pulsing "Click me" symbols to get one of the following rewards: Free Spins, Instant Credits or the Heist Bonus feature. top Game information: You can bet on up to thirty lines. top How to play: Setting 'LINES': Thirty lines are selected by default. Lines can be changed by clicking the 'SELECT LINES' knob on the game screen. Clicking the 'SELECT LINES' knob selects 2 lines at a time till it reaches line number 27 after which line increments by one that is 28, 29, and 30. The selection of lines works in cyclic order that is after you select 30 lines, on the next click of 'SELECT LINES' knob, the selection of lines start from the beginning that is 1. Selected lines are lit, and unselected lines are not lit. Setting 'BET': When you enter the game, a default bet of EUR 0.10 per line is set for all 30 lines, resulting in a total bet of EUR 3.00. Clicking the 'BET PER LINE' knob increases the bet till the max value that is EUR 30. The bet per line works in cyclic order that is on the next click after reaching EUR 30, the bet increments begins from EUR 0.01. The system will automatically adjust the bet to the next highest possible amount if the game balance is less than EUR 3.00. Bet Max: To play with 30 lines and EUR 30 bet per line, click on 'BET MAX'. If your game balance is not sufficient, this option is disabled. 'VIEW PAYS': The PAYTABLE can be viewed by clicking on the 'VIEW PAYS' button located on the top right of the main game screen .The payout for each symbol is displayed on the paytable screen after multiplying with bet per line. The values in the paytable screen change dynamically based on the bet per line selected. You can go back to the game by clicking on the 'BACK TO GAME' button. 'RULES': The RULES can be viewed by clicking on the 'NEXT' button located at bottom right of the Paytable screen. You can go back to the game by clicking on the 'BACK TO GAME' button. Spin: Click on 'SPIN' to spin the reels. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines and any scatter wins will be paid according to the payable. Total Bet: The number of selected lines is multiplied by the 'bet per line', and the total bet amount is displayed under the 'TOTAL BET' meter, which is located at the bottom left of the game screen Result: Any wins are indicated by their paylines highlighted and symbols animating or, in the case of a scatter win, by the symbols animating. The total win amount is shown at the bottom of the reels as a message and also in the 'WIN' meter. The last symbol on each individual winning payline animates by coming out of the screen and win amount for the respective payline is displayed on this symbol. Also the win is displayed on the first symbol of each winning payline. In case of a scatter win, the center scatter symbol animates and the amount won is displayed on this animating symbol. Heist Bonus Feature: The Heist Bonus Feature or Vault Bonus Feature is triggered when 3 or more Vault Door symbols appear on any active payline. These Vault Door symbols do not have to be consecutive on the payline and do not have to start from the first reel. The main game screen will change, and the bonus feature game screen will open up. Player is required to choose one of the three options: Hack, Drill or Explode to break open the vault. On completion of the bonus feature, click on 'Return To Game' button to restore the main game screen. Glass Cutter "CLICK ME" Feature: Glass Cutter Click Me Feature is triggered when 3 or more Glass Cutter symbols appear on any active payline. These Glass Cutter symbols do not have to be consecutive on the payline and do not have to start from the first reel. Clicking on any of the pulsing "Click Me" symbols will award one of the following: Free Spins, Instant Credits, or Heist Bonus Feature! Wild Reel Feature: When C4 symbol appears in the center position on reel 3, it activates the Wild Reel Feature. Scatter wins are paid before the C4 explosion. All line wins are paid only after the C4 symbol explodes and the entire positions on reel 3 have turned into Wild. Scatter win is not paid again after the C4 explosion. During Wild Reel Feature, any line wins are doubled. Additionally, the Wild reel may be "locked" and remain on the screen for an additional spin. Any line wins during this "lock" are also doubled. This "lock" is awarded randomly. Wild Reel Feature cannot be triggered during free spins. C4 symbol appears only on reel 3. When "lock" is awarded, changing the bet (bet per line and/or number of lines) would forfeit the "lock". Repeat Bet/Change Bet: If you have already bet, the settings selected will be automatically carried over to the subsequent spin. Simply click on 'PLAY' to play with the same bet again. To change your bet, use the 'SELECT LINES' knob and/or 'BET PER LINE' knob as explained above. Credits: Your remaining game balance, after you have placed the desired bet, is shown under 'BALANCE'. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the 'BALANCE' meter and the 'TOTAL BET' meter. AUTOPLAY: To make use of the Autoplay feature, click on the 'AUTOPLAY' button at top left of the game screen. By default, NO. OF LINES and BET PER LINE are the same as the current selection in the game and the NUMBER OF AUTOMATIC SPINS is set to 15. NUMBER OF AUTOMATIC SPINS indicates the number of spins that will be played during Autoplay. Clicking on "CONFIRM" button will activate the Autoplay. Click on "CANCEL" button to go back to the main game screen. You can deactivate 'AUTOPLAY' by clicking on the 'STOP AUTOPLAY' button. Please note: 'AUTOPLAY' option is not available in play money mode. Sound: The sound can be switched on and off by clicking on the "SOUND ON" button and “SOUND OFF” button respectively, located at top left corner of the game screen. Click on 'GAME LOGS' to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on 'GAME RULES' to view the current version number of the game. Click on 'REBUY' to buy more credits into the game from your bwin account. Click on 'Exit Game' to leave the game and return to the Lobby. The game rules are identical in both real money and play money modes. top Rules Play 1 to 30 lines. LINES can be changed by clicking on the 'SELECT LINES' knob on the game screen. BET amount can be changed by clicking on the 'BET PER LINE' knob on the game screen. SPIN begins the game with the currently selected BET and LINES. BET MAX sets the LINES and BET to maximum. Payouts are displayed on the PAYTABLE. Highest win amount is paid on each selected payline. Coinciding wins on different lit lines are all added to your total. Payline wins are multiplied by the amount bet per line. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet and added to payline wins. Wins only occur on lines which have been selected, except for Scatter Drill. All symbols pay left to right except for Scatter Drill symbol which pays anywhere in view. Wild substitutes for all symbols except the Glass Cutter, Vault Door, and Scatter Drill symbols. There are no payouts for the symbols Glass Cutter, Vault Door, and C4. All pay line wins that occur while the Wild Reel feature is active are doubled. All pay line wins that occur while the Wild Reel feature "lock" is active are doubled. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. top Features Feature games Heist Bonus feature: Heist Bonus Feature or Vault Bonus Feature is triggered when 3 or more Vault Door symbols appear on any active payline. These Vault Door symbols do not have to be consecutive on the payline and do not have to start from the first reel. The game screen will change, and the bonus feature game screen will open up. Player is required to choose one of the three options: Hack, Drill or Explode to break open the vault. Using the chosen method, Neil breaks open the vault and collects the money from the vault. After he comes out of the vault, the money awarded is displayed. Click on 'Return To Game' button to navigate to the main game screen. The Heist Bonus Feature amount awarded is calculated as below: The amount awarded = bet per line * random multiplier * no of lines containing the feature triggering combination. A line is said to contain the feature triggering combination if it contains 3 or more feature triggering symbols (Vault Door symbol). The maximum random multiplier is 1500. Heist Bonus Feature cannot be triggered during free spins. Heist Bonus Feature and Wild Reel Feature can be triggered at the same time. When this happens the Wild Reel Feature is played first during which the payouts for all winning lines are doubled, then the Heist Bonus Feature is played. Heist Bonus Feature payout is NOT doubled. Heist Bonus Feature can also be triggered while the Wild Reel Feature “lock” is active. Once the reels stop spinning, the respective spin is evaluated and all line wins are doubled. Heist Bonus Feature is then played. Heist Bonus Feature payout is not doubled. Glass Cutter "CLICK ME" feature: Glass Cutter Click Me Feature is triggered when 3 or more Glass Cutter symbols appear on any active payline. These Glass Cutter symbols do not have to be consecutive on the payline and do not have to start from the first reel. Clicking on any of the pulsing "Click me" symbols will award one of the following: Free Spins, Instant Credits or the Heist Bonus feature. If the selected "Click me" symbol reveals "Instant Credits" then the amount awarded is shown on the symbol itself and the feature is over. The amount awarded is calculated as follow: random multiplier * bet per line. The maximum random multiplier is 500. If the selected "Click me" symbol reveals "Bonus Round" then the Heist Bonus Feature is triggered. If the selected "Click Me" symbol reveals "Free Spins" then the game screen changes to free spins screen which is displayed in red background and the free spins begin. Red lasers are shown over the five reels during free spins and these red lasers are not paylines. Free spins are played on all 30 lines irrespective of the lines selected in the triggering game. All free spins are played with the same bet per line as the triggering game. All wins during free spins are doubled. The amount won on each individual free spin is shown in the 'WIN' meter and the accumulated win amount is shown in the ticker area. Also win amount for each individual free spin is added to the 'BALANCE' meter straight away. Once the free spins are complete, the screen changes to the normal screen. Player is awarded up to 200 free spins. The number of free spins awarded is calculated as follow: random number of free spins * no of lines containing feature triggering combinations. Glass Cutter Feature cannot be triggered during Free Spins. Glass Cutter Feature and Wild Reel Feature can be triggered at the same time. When this happens the Wild Reel Feature is played first and all line wins during this feature are doubled, then the Glass Cutter Feature is played. Glass Cutter Feature payout is NOT doubled. When Glass Cutter Feature (which awards free spins) and Wild Reel Feature "lock" are triggered at the same time, then the "lock" will be played in the following spin after completing all free spins. Glass Cutter Feature can also be triggered while the Wild Reel Feature "lock" is active. Once the reels stop spinning, the respective spin is evaluated and all line wins are doubled. Glass Cutter Feature is then played. Glass Cutter Feature payout is not doubled. top Paytable Click on VIEW PAYS button on the main game screen, game will navigate to Paytable screen. The theoretical return to player of this game is 94.39% I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete the game for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game logs' button once you have logged back in. If you get disconnected after triggering the Feature or in the middle of the Feature, on reconnection the software will automatically start the Feature, if not already started, or resume from where it was disconnected. The result for the game can be checked in game logs. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team. top Last modification date: 7/6/2022