Hidden Gems Game Objective: Hidden Gems is a game with a mining theme. Hidden Gems game window has 12 columns and 4 rings. Each colored gem has a different multiplier amount potentially increasing your win amount. Game Information: The betting limits are shown on the game screen title bar. The game rules and payouts are identical in both the real money and play money versions. How to Play: Setting 'BET': When you enter the game, a default bet is set for you. You can choose to increase or decrease the bet by using top Bet arrow and bottom Bet arrow. If your game balance drops below your total bet placed, bet will not get adjusted to the next possible bet, instead Re-buy window will appear. If you have no funds in your account, the deposit option will pop-up. The bet can be selected from the bet adjuster found at the left side of the game window. Depending on the bet selected, the cash prize amount displayed for each column will be changed accordingly, however the multiplier for the respective column remains the same and is fixed.Clicking on Play button, the existing rings of gems fall down the bottomless pit and out of view. A new set of gem rings fall into place and rotate randomly before locking into position. Column Number 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 Column Multiplier 1 2 5 1 2 5 1 2 5 1 2 10 When game has any win, each winning gems light up as it locks into place and forms the respective column with 4 gems of the same colour". The multiplier value appears in the centre and the win overlay message will display explaining the total of the win amount combined with the multiplier value of the winning gem. Each column has a fixed multiplier and the amount in $ shown on the game screen against each column (on top of the outermost ring) is actually the bet*column multiplier. Of the 12 columns, the top-most center column(vertical) is numbered as column 12, the next column in clockwise direction is numbered as column 1 and so on, same as the numbering on any clock. A win overlay message is displayed for any win, explaining the total of the win amount combined with the multiplier value of the gem. Simultaneous wins in a single game play is not possible. 'AUTOPLAY': You can make use of this feature to choose 'hands free' game play for selected number of plays. AUTOPLAY has three pre-defined options as 5x, 10x, 20x. Selecting 5x button, 5 games will be played without player intervention with the bet selected. Player can stop the spins by clicking on STOP button. If your current account balance is not sufficient for the bet amount placed and/or the number of rounds selected, the  BUY-IN  window pops up allowing you to buy-in more credits from your Account. The game starts immediately after you have selected the number of rounds(5x,/10x/20x) you wish to play. Note that you will not get the option to change the number of rounds until the game in progress finishes. You may however discontinue auto play by pressing  STOP  button. The payout is determined by which gem forms the winning pattern. For e.g., If a Red gem comes as the winning gem, then the multiplier value of it being 10, the win amount now depends on the bet placed and the column multiplier. If the bet amount is 30 and if the winning combination of Red gem appears in column 1 whose column multiplier is 1, then the win will be 10*30*1=300. The bet amount placed by you is shown under 'BET'. The win amount will be displayed as on a pop-up on the game screen and also in ticker area at the bottom of the game window. Clicking anywhere on the pop-up or the disabled area of the game window will close the win display pop-up and show the game window. Your current account balance is the sum of the amounts shown under 'BALANCE' and 'BET'. MAX BET: To place Max bet, click on MAX BET button. Your game balance shows the amount of funds you have left available for the game. If your game balance falls below the value of the last bet placed, the system will prompt you to either choose a lower bet, or click on the 'RE-BUY' button to add more funds to the table. Click on the 'GAME LOGS' button to view the logs of the games you played. Click on 'REBUY' to buy more credits in to the game from your Account. To exit the game, either click on  X' or on  EXIT GAME . The  GAME LOGS  and  REBUY  functionality is applicable only for the real money game play. The game rules are identical in both real money and play money modes. Malfunctions Voids all Pays and Plays. Pay Table: The multiplier for each gem is shown on the respective color of the gems itself on the right side of the game window and in the game rules screen. Rules: The game rules can be viewed by clicking on the 'RULES' button on the bottom right side of the game screen. The theoretical return to player of this game is 92.00 %. Adding Funds to your Account To add funds to your Account, click on 'DEPOSIT' in the 'Cashier' menu, then select the desired deposit option (Play Anywhere clients) or click on 'DEPOSIT' in the 'Cashier' option on left panel in Main Lobby, then select the desired deposit option (Download clients). You can also add funds to your account by clicking on 'REBUY' on the game screen and then clicking on 'Deposit now'. The time taken to transfer funds and the fees charged will vary depending on which deposit option you choose. What do I do if I reach my betting limits? If your game balance drops below the minimum bet, Buy-In window will be automatically presented. To add funds to your Account, click on the 'DEPOSIT' option in the 'Cashier' menu in the Main Lobby (Play Anywhere clients) or click on 'DEPOSIT' in the 'Cashier' option on left panel in Main Lobby, then select the desired deposit option (Download clients), or click the 'Deposit now' button in the 'Buy-In' window of any game. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the game, the software will automatically complete the game for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game Logs' button once you have logged back in. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team. Last modification date: 1/31/2017