Majestic Cats Loot Link GAME RULES – RTP: 96.0% VOLATILITY: BASE GAME: 12.7 MEDIUM POWER BET 1: 11.7 LOW POWER BET 2: 16 MEDIUM COMBO POWER BET: 15 MEDIUM BASE GAME Line wins must appear on played lines. Line win symbols must appear on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Only the highest win is paid on each line. Line wins are multiplied by the bet per line. Scatter symbols award in any position on the reels. Wins are shown in credits unless marked as currency. The reels contain stacks of mystery symbols that transform into one of the following symbols at the start of each spin: Wild Symbol, High Pay 1 Symbol, High Pay 2 Symbol, High Pay 3 Symbol, High Pay 4 Symbol, High Pay 5 Symbol, Double High Pay 1 Symbol, Double High Pay 2 Symbol, Double High Pay 3 Symbol, Double High Pay 4 Symbol, Double High Pay 5 Symbol, Low Pay 1 Symbol, Low Pay 2 Symbol, Low Pay 3 Symbol, Low Pay 4 Symbol, or Low Pay 5 Symbol All stacked mystery symbol positions on a reel transform into the same symbol. The Scatter Loot Link feature is initiated by landing 5 or more Scatter Symbol, Mini Jackpot, Minor Jackpot, or Major Jackpot symbols during a base game spin. These symbols are only awarded at the end of the feature. If the feature is not triggered due to landing less than 5 of these symbols, these symbols are not awarded. The Scatter Loot Link feature is played on a 25 position independent reels matrix, with 10 reels at the top of the matrix unlocked 5 at a time: The 5 independent reels on the 2nd row from the top are unlocked by accumulating 10 or more Scatter Symbol, Mini Jackpot, Minor Jackpot, or Major Jackpot symbols in the 15 active positions on the bottom 3 rows. The 5 independent reels on the top row are unlocked by accumulating 14 or more Scatter Symbol, Mini Jackpot, Minor Jackpot, or Major Jackpot symbols in the 20 active positions on the bottom 4 rows. If there are any reels that are locked when the result of a spin causes the spin counter to reach 0, there is a random chance that 5 independent reels are unlocked starting with the bottom most row of locked reels. The spin counter increases to 1 and play continues. The player has 3 spins to land at least one Scatter Symbol, Mini Jackpot, Minor Jackpot, or Major Jackpot symbol on an active empty position or else the Scatter Loot Link ends with the exception being the random unlock that awards 1 additional spin. Any number of new Scatter Symbol, Mini Jackpot, Minor Jackpot, or Major Jackpot symbols will reset the spin counter to 3 total Scatter Loot Link spins remaining. At any given time, Scatter Symbols have a chance to duplicate and transform into Split Scatter Symbols in the same position. If all 25 positions on the reels are unlocked and either a Scatter Symbol, Mini Jackpot, Minor Jackpot, or Major Jackpot symbol appears in all positions, the Grand Jackpot is awarded and the feature ends. When the feature ends the combined values on all symbols and jackpots will be awarded. Scatter Symbol may appear with the following values: 20, 40, 60, 100, 150, 200, 300, 400, 500, 800 or 1000 credits Mini Jackpot awards 25x the bet Minor Jackpot awards 125x the bet Major Jackpot awards 250x the bet The Grand Jackpot awards 2000x the bet Scatter Symbol, Major Jackpot, Mini Jackpot, or Minor Jackpot symbols are scatter symbols. Wild Symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols except Scatter Symbol, Bonus Symbol, and Double Bonus Symbol. FREE GAMES FEATURE During the base game, 5 or more Bonus Symbol appearing in any position on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5 starts the [Free Games Bonus Name]. 5 Bonus Symbol awards 6 free games. 6 Bonus Symbol awards 8 free games. 7 Bonus Symbol awards 10 free games. 8 Bonus Symbol awards 15 free games. 1 Double Bonus Symbol substitutes for 2 Bonus Symbol symbols. Bonus Symbol is a scatter symbol. Double Bonus Symbol is a scatter symbol. Bonus Symbol and Double Bonus Symbol appear only on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5. The Free Games Bonus uses different reels. Free games automatically play on the same lines at the same bet multiplier per line as the game that initiated the Free Games Bonus. The Free Games Bonus does not award additional free games. The Free Games Bonus ends when 0 free games remain. The reels contain stacks of mystery symbols that transform into one of the following symbols at the start of each spin: Free Games Double High Pay 1 Symbol, Free Games Double High Pay 2 Symbol, Free Games Double High Pay 3 Symbol, Free Games Double High Pay 4 Symbol, or Free Games Double High Pay 5 Symbol All stacked mystery symbol positions on a reel transform into the same symbol. Free Games Wild Symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols. POWER BET FEATURE Both Power Bet options may be active. The total cost of a one spin Power Bet is located near the activation button for each Power Bet and is displayed in the Bet Meter when activated. Rules that are different during a Power Bet in the base game and the Free Games Bonus are listed below. All General Rules apply to all Power Bets. POWER BET 1 FEATURE The player has 4 spins to land at least one Scatter Symbol symbols on an active empty position or else the Loot Link feature ends. A stack of Wild Symbol symbols may appear on any number of reels. Each reel where a stack appears, the Wild Symbol will replace all symbols on the reel except for the Scatter Symbol, Bonus Symbol, or Double Bonus Symbol. Any Scatter Symbol, Bonus Symbol, and Double Bonus Symbol will transform into a Wild Scatter Symbol, Wild Bonus Symbol, or Double Wild Bonus Symbol. The Wild Bonus Symbol and Double Wild Bonus Symbols are Wild and substitutes for all symbols including Bonus Symbol and Double Bonus Symbol for purposes of triggering the bonus. In the Loot Link feature, any Wild Scatter Symbol on the reels will carry into the feature. At the beginning of the Loot Link feature, any Wild Scatter Symbols gain a 1x multiplier. For each spin where any new Scatter Symbol appears, the multiplier increases by 1. At the end of the Loot Link feature, the value of the center of the Wild Scatter Symbol and/or Split Wild Scatter Symbol is awarded a number of times equal to the multiplier. Wild Scatter Symbol is capable of transforming into Split Wild Scatter Symbol and inherits all properties. Wild Scatter Symbol, Split Wild Scatter Symbol, Wild Bonus Symbol, and Double Wild Bonus Symbol are scatter symbols. Scatter Symbols may appear with the following values: 40, 100, 150, 200, 300, 400, 500, 800, 1000, 1200, 1500, or 2000 credits POWER BET 2 FEATURE When an Special Feature Scatter Symbol appears on the reels, it has a random chance to increase any Scatter Symbol and/or Split Scatter Symbol value(s) by the value on the Special Feature Scatter Symbol. High Pay 6 Symbol and Double High Pay 6 Symbols now appear on the reels. The reels contain stacks of mystery symbols that transform into one of the following symbols at the start of each spin: Wild Symbol, High Pay 1 Symbol, High Pay 2 Symbol, High Pay 3 Symbol, High Pay 4 Symbol, High Pay 5 Symbol, High Pay 6 Symbol, Double High Pay 1 Symbol, Double High Pay 2 Symbol, Double High Pay 3 Symbol, Double High Pay 4 Symbol, Double High Pay 5 Symbol, Double High Pay 6 Symbol, Low Pay 1 Symbol, Low Pay 2 Symbol, Low Pay 3 Symbol, Low Pay 4 Symbol, or Low Pay 5 Symbol Free Games Double High Pay 1 Symbol, Free Games Double High Pay 2 Symbol, Free Games Double High Pay 3 Symbol, Free Games Double High Pay 4 Symbol, Free Games Double High Pay 5 Symbol, or Free Games Double High Pay 6 Symbol. All stacked mystery symbol positions on a reel transform into the same symbol. Scatter Symbol may appear with the following values: 40, 100, 150, 200, 300, 400, 500, 800, 1000, 1200, 1500, or 2000 credits Special Feature Scatter Symbol is a scatter symbol. POWER BET COMBO FEATURE A stack of Wild Symbol symbols may appear on any number of reels. Each reel where a stack appears, the Wild Symbol will replace all symbols on the reel except for the Scatter Symbol, Bonus Symbol, or Double Bonus Symbol. Any Scatter Symbol, Bonus Symbol, and Double Bonus Symbol will transform into a Wild Scatter Symbol, Wild Bonus Symbol, or Double Wild Bonus Symbol. The Wild Bonus Symbol and Double Wild Bonus Symbol symbols are Wild and substitutes for all symbols including Bonus Symbol and Double Bonus Symbol for purposes of triggering the bonus. In the Loot Link feature, any Wild Scatter Symbol on the reels will carry into the feature. At the beginning of the Loot Link feature, any Wild Scatter Symbol symbols gain a 1x multiplier. For each spin where any new Scatter Symbol appears, the multiplier increases by 1. At the end of the Loot Link feature, the value of the center of the Wild Scatter Symbol and/or Split Wild Scatter Symbol is awarded a number of times equal to the multiplier. Wild Scatter Symbol is capable of transforming into Split Wild Scatter Symbol and inherits all properties. The player has 4 spins to land at least one Scatter Symbol and/or Special Feature Scatter Symbol symbols on an active empty position or else the Loot Link feature ends. When an Special Feature Scatter Symbol appears on the reels, it has a random chance to increase any Scatter Symbol, Split Scatter Symbol, Wild Scatter Symbol, and/or Split Wild Scatter Symbol value(s) by the value on the Special Feature Scatter Symbol. High Pay 6 Symbol and Double High Pay 6 Symbols now appear on the reels. A stack of Wild Symbol may appear on any number of reels. Each reel where a stack appears, the Wild Symbol will replace all symbols on the reel except for the Scatter Symbol, Bonus Symbol, or Double Bonus Symbol. Any Scatter Symbol, Bonus Symbol, and Double Bonus Symbol will transform into a Wild Scatter Symbol, Wild Bonus Symbol, or Double Wild Bonus Symbol. The Wild Bonus Symbol and Double Wild Bonus Symbols are Wild and substitutes for all symbols including Bonus Symbol and Double Bonus Symbols for purposes of triggering the bonus. In the Loot Link feature, any Wild Scatter Symbol on the reels will carry into the feature. At the beginning of the Loot Link feature, any Wild Scatter Symbols gain a 1x multiplier. For each spin where any new Scatter Symbol appears, the multiplier increases by 1. At the end of the Loot Link feature, the value of the center of the Wild Scatter Symbol and/or Split Wild Scatter Symbol is awarded a number of times equal to the multiplier. Wild Scatter Symbol is capable of transforming into Split Wild Scatter Symbol and inherits all properties. The player has 4 spins to land at least one Scatter Symbol and/or Special Feature Scatter Symbols on an active empty position or else the Loot Link feature ends. When an Special Feature Scatter Symbol appears on the reels, it has a random chance to increase any Scatter Symbol, Split Scatter Symbol, Wild Scatter Symbol, and/or Split Wild Scatter Symbol value(s) by the value on the Special Feature Scatter Symbol. High Pay 6 Symbol and Double High Pay 6 Symbols now appear on the reels. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Last modification date: 1/15/2025