Super Stack Fortunes GAME RULES The reels contain stacks of symbols that transform into one of the following symbols at the start of each spin: Wild Symbol, High Pay Symbol 1, High Pay Symbol 2, High Pay Symbol 3, High Pay Symbol 4, Low Pay Symbol 1, Low Pay Symbol 2, Low Pay Symbol 3, Low Pay Symbol 4, Low Pay Symbol 5, Bonus Symbol All stacked symbol positions on a reel transform into the same symbol. FREE GAMES BONUS During the base game, Bonus Symbol appearing in all positions on reels 2, 3, and 4 starts the Free Games Bonus. Awards 7 free games. Bonus Symbol appears only on reels 2, 3, and 4. Bonus Symbol is a scatter symbol. The Free Games Bonus uses different reels. Free games automatically play on the same lines at the same bet per line as the game that initiated the Free Games Bonus. The Free Games Bonus does not award additional free games. The Free Games Bonus ends when 0 free games remain. At the start of the bonus, pick a Bonus Symbol to reveal High Pay Symbol 1, High Pay Symbol 2, High Pay Symbol 3, High Pay Symbol 4. The reels contain stacks of symbols that transform into the revealed symbol at the start of each spin. All stacked symbol positions on a reel transform into the same symbol. BUY A BONUS FEATURE If accepted in your country, a Buy a Bonus option may appear. The cost of this feature is 25x the current bet amount in the base game, 30x with Power Bet 1 is enabled and 40x when Power Bet 2 is enabled. 9 Bonus Symbol will appear and the Free Game Bonus is awarded with 7 Free Games. All Free Game Bonus rules apply. All base game wins are awarded. POWER BET Only one Power Bet may be activated at a time. Power Bet Features will carry their corresponding activated features into the Free Games Bonus. The Power Bet Features will increase the price of each spin while activated. Pricing will vary for each feature. The pricing of each feature is located near the activation button. All General Rules apply to all Power Bets. The Power Bet Feature #1 allows a stack of Wild Symbol to appear on any reel or multiple reels. When activated, the stacks of Wild Symbol will fill the entire reel with the Wild Symbol symbol. The Power Bet Feature #2 gives the players a chance to split Wild Symbol, High Pay Symbol 1, High Pay Symbol 2, High Pay Symbol 3, and High Pay Symbol 4 symbols when landing in a highlighted reel area. Wild Symbol, High Pay Symbol 1, High Pay Symbol 2, High Pay Symbol 3, and High Pay Symbol 4 may become split symbols when landing in a highlighted reel. The base and bonus paytables remain the same for 3, 4, and 5 of a kind. 1 Double Wild symbol is wild and substitutes for 2 Wild Symbols, High Pay 1 Symbols, High Pay 2 Symbols, High Pay 3 Symbols, High Pay 4 Symbols, Low Pay 1 Symbols, Low Pay 2 Symbols, Low Pay 3 Symbols, Low Pay 4 Symbols, or Low Pay 5 Symbols. 1 Double High Pay 1 Symbol substitutes for 2 High Pay 1 Symbols. 1 Double High Pay 2 Symbol substitutes for 2 High Pay 2 Symbols. 1 Double High Pay 3 Symbol substitutes for 2 High Pay 3 Symbols. 1 Double High Pay 4 Symbol substitutes for 2 High Pay 4 Symbols. 1 Double High Pay 5 Symbol substitutes for 2 High Pay 5 Symbols. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 8/19/2025