Dangerous Beauty Jackpot RTP: 95.0% VOLATILITY: 5.9 – 7.5 LOW GAME RULES Line wins must appear on played lines. Line win symbols must appear on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Only the highest win is paid on each line. Line wins are multiplied by the bet per line. Scatter symbols award in any position on the reels. Wins are shown in credits unless marked as currency. Wins subject to verification. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. BASE GAME The reels contain stacks of symbols that transform into one of the following symbols at the start of each game: Wild Symbol, High Pay Symbol 1, High Pay Symbol 2, High Pay Symbol 3, High Pay Symbol 4, High Pay Symbol 5, Low Pay 1 Symbol, Low Pay 2 Symbol, Low Pay 3 Symbol, Low Pay 4 Symbol, Low Pay 5 Symbol, Bonus Symbol All stacked symbol positions on a reel transform to the same symbol.. Wild Symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols except Bonus Symbols. FREE GAMES BONUS Bonus Symbol appearing in all positions on reels 2, 3, and 4 starts the Free Games Bonus. Awards 7 free games. Bonus Symbol appears only on reels 2, 3, and 4. Bonus Symbol is a scatter symbol. Different reels are used during the Free Games Bonus. Free games are automatically played on the same lines at the same bet as the game that initiated the Free Games Bonus. Additional free games cannot be awarded during the Free Games Bonus. The Free Games Bonus ends when 0 free games remain. The reels contain stacks of symbols that transform into one of the following symbols at the start of each game: Wild Symbol, High Pay Symbol 1, High Pay Symbol 2, High Pay Symbol 3, High Pay Symbol 4, High Pay Symbol 5, Low Pay 1 Symbol, Low Pay 2 Symbol, Low Pay 3 Symbol, Low Pay 4 Symbol, Low Pay 5 Symbol, Bonus Symbol All stacked symbol positions on a reel transform to the same symbol.. PROGRESSIVE JACKPOTS The Jackpot Wheel spin is awarded when 3 Jackpot Symbol symbols land anywhere on the reels. The Jackpot Wheel consists of 3 jackpot values: a Minor Jackpot, a Major Jackpot, and a Grand Jackpot. Spinning the Jackpot Wheel will award one of the 3 Jackpot values. The Jackpot Progressive values may be accumulated across multiple games. Every hour the Minor Jackpot must hit and every 24 hour period the Major Jackpot must hit. Jackpot values are increased based on player wager contribution. POWER BETS Only one Power Bet may be active at a time. The total cost of a one spin Power Bet is located near the activation button for each Power Bet and is displayed in the Bet Meter when activated. Rules that are different during a Power Bet in the base game and the [Free Games Bonus Name] are listed below. All General Rules apply to all Power Bets. POWER BET WILD STACK A stack of Wild Symbol may appear on any number of reels. Each reel where a stack appears, the Wild Symbol will replace all symbols on the reel except for the Bonus Symbol. A Bonus Symbol will transform into a Wild Bonus symbol. The Wild Bonus symbol is Wild and substitutes for all symbols including Bonus Symbol for purposes of triggering the bonus. POWER BET SPLIT REELS When landing in a highlighted reel area, all Wild Symbol, High Pay Symbol 1, High Pay Symbol 2, High Pay Symbol 3, High Pay Symbol 4, and High Pay Symbol 5 symbols will transform into split symbols [DWD1], Double High Pay Symbol 1, Double High Pay Symbol 2, Double High Pay Symbol 3, Double High Pay Symbol 4, and Double High Pay Symbol 5 respectively. The base and bonus paytables remain the same for 3, 4, and 5 of a kind. Last modification date: 10/22/2025