Pirate's Prosperity GAME RULES – RTP: 96.0% VOLATILITY: 19.3 HIGH All 6 reels are always in play. Line wins must appear on played lines. Line win symbols must appear on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Only the highest win is paid on each line. Line wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier. Wins are shown in credits unless marked as currency. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. WILD TRAIN FEATURE When Pirate Ship symbol, Water Wave symbol, and Water Wave End symbol, appear together with Coin Island on the reels, the Wild Train Feature is initiated. After winning combinations are awarded, Pirate Ship symbols will move one position at a time to overlap with any Coin Island or Treasure Chest Symbols. As Pirate Ship symbols move, any Water Wave symbols and Water Wave End symbols will follow it along the same path in order to remain in consecutive adjacent positions on the reels. When Pirate Ship symbols reach and overlaps with a Coin Island or Treasure Chest Symbol, that symbol is collected. This process repeats until all Coin Island and Treasure Chest Symbols have been collected. Each Coin Island collected increases the number of positions covered by Water Wave symbols. Additional Water Wave symbols are added or removed as necessary during the movement so that the total number of positions covered by Pirate Ship symbol, Water Wave symbol, and Water Wave End symbol will always be equal to 3 + the total number of Coin Island collected during the feature. After all Coin Island and Treasure Chest Symbols have been collected a free respin is awarded. All Pirate Ship symbols, Water Wave symbols, and Water Wave End symbols remain locked in their current positions on the reels during each respin. Respins are played on different reels. Respins continue until the Free Games Bonus is triggered or until there is a respin where no Coin Island or Treasure Chest Symbols were collected. Pirate Ship symbols, Water Wave symbols, and Water Wave End symbols and Treasure Chest Symbols are wild and substitute for all symbols except Pirate Ship symbol, Water Wave symbol, Water Wave End symbol, and Treasure Chest Symbols. Coin Islands appear only on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5 during initial spins and respins. Each Treasure Chest Symbol collected increases the multiplier meter by 1 value. Each Treasure Chest Symbol collected awards a scatter value of 10, 20, 50, 100, 200, 300, 400, 500, 750, or 1000 credits Collect 5 to receive a 2x multiplier applied to only the scatter value total collected at the end of a train evaluation. Collect 9 to receive a 3x multiplier applied to only the scatter value total collected at the end of a train evaluation. Collect 13 to receive a 5x multiplier applied to only the scatter value total collected at the end of a train evaluation. Collect 17 to receive a 10x multiplier applied to only the scatter value total collected at the end of a train evaluation. Collect 21 to receive a 20x multiplier applied to only the scatter value total collected at the end of a train evaluation. Pirate Ship symbols, Water Wave symbols, Water Wave End symbols, and Treasure Chest Symbols do not substitute for Coin Island for purposes of the Wild Train Feature. Pirate Ship symbols, Water Wave symbols, and Water Wave End symbols appear only on reel 6 during the base game. Pirate Ship symbols, Water Wave symbols, and Water Wave End symbols do not appear on the reels during respins or the Free Games Bonus. FREE GAMES FEATURE During the Wild Train Feature, collecting 9 or more Coin Island award 5 spins in the Free Games Bonus. The Free Games Bonus uses different reels. Free games automatically play at the same bet multiplier as the game that initiated the Free Games Bonus. All Pirate Ship symbols, Water Wave symbols, and Water Wave End symbols carry over from the respin that initiated the Free Games Bonus and remain locked in their current position on the reels during each free game spin. For each free game spin, after winning combinations are awarded, the Pirate Ship symbol will move one position at a time to overlap with any Coin Island or Treasure Chest Symbols. As the Pirate Ship symbol moves, any Water Wave symbol and Water Wave End symbol will follow it along the same path in order to remain in consecutive adjacent positions on the reels. When the Pirate Ship symbol reaches and overlaps with a Coin Island or Treasure Chest Symbol, that symbol is collected. This process repeats until all Coin Island and Treasure Chest Symbol have been collected. Each Coin Island collected increases the number of positions covered by Water Wave symbols. Additional Water Wave symbols are added or removed as necessary during the movement so that the total number of positions covered by Pirate Ship symbols, Water Wave symbols, and Water Wave End symbols will always be equal to 3 + the total number of Coin Island collected during the Free Games Bonus and the Wild Train Feature that initiated it. Each Treasure Chest Symbol collected awards a scatter value of 10, 20, 50, 100, 200, 300, 400, 500, 750, or 1000 credits at the end of the Free Games Bonus. Each Coin Island and Treasure Chest Symbol collected awards 1 additional free game. The Free Games Bonus ends when 0 free games remain. Collecting 21 or more total Coin Islands across the Free Games Bonus and the Wild Train Feature that initiated it awards a jackpot of 5000 times the total bet at the end of the Free Games Bonus. PICK BONUS JACKPOT FEATURE At any given time, whenever a Coin Island Symbol is collected the game may award a pick bonus. In the pick bonus, match 3 symbols representing the same Jackpot to be awarded that Jackpot. There are 4 jackpots: Mini, Minor, Major, and Grand. Only 1 Jackpot is awarded in the pick bonus. Pick Bonus Awards the jackpot values of the Mini Jackpot at 20 times the total bet, the Minor Jackpot at 50 times the total bet, the Major Jackpot at 200 times the total bet, and the Grand Jackpot at 5000 times the total bet. Last modification date: 1/9/2025