American Glory RTP: - 96.0% VOLATILITIES: BASE GAME: 15.3 – HIGH POWER BET: 1 15.9 - HIGH POWER BET: 2 21.2 – VERY HIGH GAME RULES All 5 reels are always in play. Scatter symbols award in any position on a played reel. Wins are shown in credits unless marked as currency. Malfunction voids all pays and plays BASE GAME Scatter symbols appearing in any position on the reels with a currency value awards a scatter pay. Low value scatter symbols may appear with the following values times the total bet: 0.2 0.4 1 Mid value scatter symbols may appear with the following values times the total bet: 2 4 10 High value scatter symbols may appear with the following values times the total bet: 20 100 200 Win the sum of the displayed currency values on all played reels. When 3 or more Scatter Symbols, Mini Jackpot Symbol, Minor Jackpot Symbol, Major Jackpot Symbol, Mega Jackpot Symbol, or Grand Jackpot Symbol appear in any position on the reels, before wins are awarded, all Empty Symbol disappear, the remaining symbols tumble to the bottom of their reels, and 2 new symbols fall from above on each reel. Multiplier Symbol can appear with the following multiplier values: x2 x3 x5 x10 Multiplier Symbol appearing on any reel will multiply all values on that reel by its multiplier value and then disappear. Multiplier Symbol appears only as a result of tumbles during the Racking Up Riches feature. Each time one or more new Scatter Symbol, Mini Jackpot Symbol, Minor Jackpot Symbol, Major Jackpot Symbol, Mega Jackpot Symbol, Grand Jackpot Symbol or Multiplier Symbol appear as a result of a tumble, and after any Multiplier Symbol have been resolved, all Empty Symbol disappear and the process repeats with new symbols falling from above on each reel. Each reel can contain a maximum of 8 symbols. If a reel contains 6 or fewer symbols after all Empty Symbol disappear, then 2 new symbols will fall from above on that reel during a tumble. If a reel contains 7 symbols after all Empty Symbol disappear, then only 1 new symbol will fall from above on that reel during a tumble. If a reel contains 8 symbols after all Empty Symbol disappear, then no new symbols will fall from above on that reel during a tumble. The first time no new Low Scatter Value, Mid Scatter Value, High Scatter Value, Mini Jackpot Symbol, Minor Jackpot Symbol, Major Jackpot Symbol, Mega Jackpot Symbol, Grand Jackpot Symbol or Multiplier Symbol appear as a result of a tumble, there is a random chance that all Empty Symbol will disappear and the process will repeat. If this random chance does not occur, or if no new Low Scatter Value, Mid Scatter Value, High Scatter Value, Mini Jackpot Symbol, Minor Jackpot Symbol, Major Jackpot Symbol, Mega Jackpot Symbol, Grand Jackpot Symbol or Multiplier Symbol appear as a result of a tumble for a second time, then tumbling ceases and the feature ends. Scatter wins are awarded only after all tumbling has ceased. JACKPOTS Landing a Mini Jackpot Symbol, Minor Jackpot Symbol, Major Jackpot Symbol, Mega Jackpot Symbol, or Grand Jackpot Symbol on a reel awards the respective Jackpot. Landing a Mini Jackpot Symbol on reel 1 awards 20 times the total bet. Landing a Minor Jackpot Symbol on reel 2 awards 40 times the total bet. Landing a Major Jackpot Symbol on reel 3 awards 200 times the total bet. Landing a Mega Jackpot Symbol on reel 4 awards 400 times the total bet. Landing a Grand Jackpot Symbol on reel 5 awards 1000 times the total bet. Mini Jackpot Symbol only appears on reel 1. Minor Jackpot Symbol only appears on reel 2. Major Jackpot Symbol only appears on reel 3. Mega Jackpot Symbol only appears on reel 4. Grand Jackpot Symbol only appears on reel 5. FREE GAMES When 3 or more scatter symbols appear in any position on the reels, before wins are awarded, all blanks will disappear, the remaining symbols tumble to the bottom of their reels, and 2 new symbols fall from above on each reel. Multiplier symbols can appear with the following multiplier values: x2 x3 x5 x10 Multiplier symbols appearing on any reel will multiply all currency values on scatter symbols on that reel by its multiplier value and then disappear. Multiplier appears only as a result of tumbles during the Racking Up Riches feature. Each time one or more new scatter symbols or multiplier symbol appear as a result of a tumble, and after any multiplier symbols have been resolved, all blank symbols disappear and the process repeats with new symbols falling from above on each reel. Each reel can contain a maximum of 8 symbols. If a reel contains 6 or fewer symbols after all blank symbols disappear, then 2 new symbols will fall from above on that reel during a tumble. If a reel contains 7 symbols after all blank symbols disappear, then only 1 new symbol will fall from above on that reel during a tumble. If a reel contains 8 symbols after all blank symbols disappear, then no new symbols will fall from above on that reel during a tumble. The first time no new scatter symbols or multiplier symbols appear as a result of a tumble, there is a random chance that all blank symbols will disappear and the process will repeat. If this random chance does not occur, or if no new scatter symbols or multiplier symbols appear as a result of a tumble for a second time, then tumbling ceases and the feature ends. Scatter wins are awarded only after all tumbling has ceased. RACKING UP RICHES POWER BET Only one Power Bet may be active at a time. The total cost of a one spin Power Bet is located near the activation button for each Power Bet and is displayed in the Bet Meter when activated. Rules that are different during a Power Bet in the base game and the Free Games Bonus are listed below. All General Rules apply to all Power Bets. Trigger the Racking Up Riches Feature with 1 less scatter symbol. Low Value Scatters may appear with the following values times the total bet: 0.1 0.2 Mid Value Scatters may appear with the following values times the total bet: 1 2 5 High Value Scatters may appear with the following values times the total bet: 10 50 100 UNIVERSAL MULTIPLIER POWER BET Enables a Universal Multiplier that may appear in the Racking Up Riches Feature. The Reels Multiplier symbols will no longer appear on the reels and is instead replaced with the Universal Multiplier symbol. Universal Multiplier Symbol appearing on any reel will add its value to the starting multiplier of 1x, which is displayed in the Multiplier Total Meter, and then disappear. At the end of the Racking up Riches feature, the Multiplier Value in the Multiplier Total Meter will be applied to all scatter symbols on the reels. Low Value Scatters may appear with the following values times the total bet: 0.05 0.1 0.25 Mid Value Scatters may appear with the following values times the total bet: 0.5 1 2.5 High Value Scatters may appear with the following values times the total bet: 5 25 50 Universal Multiplier Symbol can appear with the following multiplier values: x1 x2 x3 x4 x5 Universal Multiplier Symbol appears only as a result of tumbles during the Racking Up Riches feature. Each time one or more new Empty Symbol, Low Scatter Value, Mid Scatter Value, High Scatter Value, Mini Jackpot Symbol, Minor Jackpot Symbol, Major Jackpot Symbol, Mega Jackpot Symbol, Grand Jackpot Symbol, or Universal Multiplier Symbol appear as a result of a tumble, and Universal Multiplier Symbol have been resolved, all Empty Symbol disappear and the process repeats with new symbols falling from above on each reel. The first time no new Low Scatter Value, Mid Scatter Value, High Scatter Value, Mini Jackpot Symbol, Minor Jackpot Symbol, Major Jackpot Symbol, Mega Jackpot Symbol, Grand Jackpot Symbol, or Universal Multiplier Symbol appear as a result of a tumble, there is a random chance that all Empty Symbol will disappear and the process will repeat. If this random chance does not occur, or if no new Low Scatter Value, Mid Scatter Value, High Scatter Value, Mini Jackpot Symbol, Minor Jackpot Symbol, Major Jackpot Symbol, Mega Jackpot Symbol, Grand Jackpot Symbol, or Universal Multiplier Symbol appear as a result of a tumble for a second time, then tumbling ceases and the feature ends. Last modification date: 8/19/2025