Platinum Goddess JACKPOT VOLATILITY: MEDIUME VOLATILITY GAME RULES The reels contain stacks of symbols that transform into one of the following symbols at the start of each spin: Wild Symbol, Platinum Goddess, Blue Gentleman, Pegasus, Dove, Low Pay Symbol 1, Low Pay Symbol 2, Low Pay Symbol 3, Low Pay Symbol 4, Low Pay Symbol 5,Bonus Symbol All stacked symbol positions on a reel transform into the same symbol. FREE GAMES BONUS During the base game, Bonus Symbol appearing in all positions on reels 2, 3, and 4 starts the Free Games Bonus. Awards 7 free games. Bonus Symbol appears only on reels 2, 3, and 4. Bonus Symbol is a scatter symbol. The Free Games Bonus uses different reels. Free games automatically play on the same lines at the same bet per line as the game that initiated the Free Games Bonus. The Free Games Bonus does not award additional free games. The Free Games Bonus ends when 0 free games remain. At the start of the bonus, pick a Bonus Symbol to reveal Platinum Goddess, Blue Gentleman, Pegasus, or Dove. The reels contain stacks of symbols that transform into the revealed symbol at the start of each spin. All stacked symbol positions on a reel transform into the same symbol. BUY A BONUS FEATURE If accepted in your country, a Buy a Bonus option may appear. The cost of this feature is 25x the current bet amount. 9 Bonus Symbol will appear and the Free Game Bonus is awarded with 7 Free Games. All Free Game Bonus rules apply. All base game wins are awarded. POWER BET Only one Power Bet may be active at a time. The total cost of a one spin Power Bet is located near the activation button for each Power Bet and is displayed in the Bet Meter when activated. Rules that are different during a Power Bet in the base game and the Free Games Bonus are listed below. All General Rules apply to all Power Bets. A stack of Wild Symbols may appear on any number of reels. Each reel where a stack appears, the Wild Symbols symbol will replace all symbols on the reel except for the Bonus Symbols symbol. A Bonus Symbols symbol will transform into a [WB] symbol. The Wild Bonus symbol is Wild and substitutes for all symbols including Bonus Symbols for purposes of triggering the bonus. Wild Bonus Symbols appear only on reels 2, 3 and 4. When landing in a highlighted reel area, all Wild Symbol, High Pay 1 Symbol 1, High Pay 2 Symbol, High Pay 3 Symbol, and High Pay 4 Symbol symbols will transform into split symbols Double Wild Symbol, Double High Pay 1, Double High Pay 2, Double High Pay 3, and Double High Pay 4 respectively. The base and bonus paytables remain the same for 3, 4, and 5 of a kind. 1 Double Wild symbol is wild and substitutes for 2 Wild Symbols, High Pay 1 Symbols, High Pay 2 Symbols, High Pay 3 Symbols, High Pay 4 Symbols, Low Pay 1 Symbols, Low Pay 2 Symbols, Low Pay 3 Symbols, Low Pay 4 Symbols, or Low Pay 5 Symbols. 1 Double High Pay 1 Symbol substitutes for 2 High Pay 1 Symbols. 1 Double High Pay 2 Symbol substitutes for 2 High Pay 2 Symbols. 1 Double High Pay 3 Symbol substitutes for 2 High Pay 3 Symbols. 1 Double High Pay 4 Symbol substitutes for 2 High Pay 4 Symbols. 1 Double High Pay 5 Symbol substitutes for 2 High Pay 5 Symbols. PROGRESSIVE JACKPOT The Jackpot Wheel consists of 3 jackpot values: a Minor Jackpot, a Major Jackpot, and a Grand Jackpot. Spinning the Jackpot Wheel will award one of the 3 Jackpot values. The Jackpot Progressive values may be accumulated across multiple games. Every hour the Minor Jackpot must hit and every 24 hour period the Major Jackpot must hit. Jackpot values are increased based on player wager contribution. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 10/15/2025