Eagles' Flight Power Bet RTP: 96.0% VOLATILITIES: BASE GAME: 9.7 – LOW POWER BET 1: 12.6 – MEDIUM POWER BET 2: 12.0 – MEDIUM GAME RULES Line wins must appear on played lines. Line win symbols must appear on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Only the highest win is paid on each line. Line wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier. Scatter symbols award in any position on the reels. Only the highest win is paid for each scatter symbol combination. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total amount bet. Scatter wins are awarded in addition to line wins. Wins are shown in credits unless marked as currency. Wild Symbols are wild and substitutes for all symbols except Bonus Symbols. 1 Wild Symbols substitute for 2 High Pay Symbol 1 symbols. 1 Wild Symbols substitute for 1 High Pay Symbol 2, High Pay Symbol 3, High Pay Symbol 4, Low Pay Symbol 1, Low Pay Symbol 2, Low Pay Symbol 3, or Low Pay Symbol 4 symbol. Wild Symbols appears only on reels 4 and 5. FREE GAMES BONUS 3 Bonus Symbols appearing anywhere on the reels starts the Free Games Bonus. 3 awards 8 free games. 4 awards 12 free games. 5 awards 16 free games. Bonus Symbols are scatter symbols. Bonus Wild is wild and substitutes for all symbols. 1 Bonus Wild substitutes for 2 Bonus High Pay Symbol 1 symbols. 1 Bonus Wild substitutes for 1 Bonus High Pay Symbol 2, Bonus High Pay Symbol 3, Bonus High Pay Symbol 4, Bonus Low Pay Symbol 1, Bonus Low Pay Symbol 2, Bonus Low Pay Symbol 3, or Bonus Low Pay Symbol 4 symbol. Bonus Wilds appear only on reels 4 and 5. During each spin, one or more reels may upgrade, causing every Bonus High Pay Symbol 1 on those reels to transform into a Bonus High Pay Symbol 1 for the remainder of the Free Games Bonus. Different reels are used during the Free Games Bonus. Free games are automatically played on the same lines at the same bet per line as the game that initiated the Free Games Bonus. Additional free games cannot be awarded during the Free Games Bonus. The Free Games Bonus ends when 0 free games remain. JACKPOT RULES 3 or more Jackpot Trigger Symbols appearing anywhere on the reels starts the Jackpot Game. 3 Jackpot Trigger Symbols award 6 free spins in the Jackpot Game. 4 Jackpot Trigger Symbols award 8 free spins in Jackpot Game. 5 Jackpot Trigger Symbols award 10 free spins in Jackpot Game. During each spin, one or more reels may upgrade, causing every Jackpot Symbols on those reels to transform into a Double Jackpot Symbols for the remainder of the Jackpot Game. The number of collected Jackpot Symbols at the end of the Jackpot Game awards one of the following Jackpot prize values: 5 Jackpot Symbols award the Mini Jackpot at 20x bet. 15 Jackpot Symbols award the Minor Jackpot at 80x bet. 25 Jackpot Symbols award the Major Jackpot at 400x bet. 30 Jackpot Symbols award the Grand Jackpot at 2000x bet. Additional free spins cannot be awarded during the Jackpot Game. The final jackpot award is shown after the spins are exhausted. POWER BET RULES Only one of the Power Bet options may be active at a time. The additional cost of a one spin Power Bet is located near the activation button for each Power Bet and is displayed in the Bet Meter when activated. Rules that are different during a Power Bet in the base game and the Free Games Bonus are listed below. All General Rules apply to all Power Bets. POWER BET 1 FEATURE In the base game, all High Pay Symbol 1 and Double High Pay Symbol 1 now have a chance to lock and trigger a respin. Once this occurs the first time, all High Pay Symbol 1, Double High Pay Symbol 1, and Wild Symbols currently on the reels will lock in place and trigger one additional respin. One additional respin is awarded when any new High Pay Symbol 1, Double High Pay Symbol 1, or Wild Symbols appears on the reels on a subsequent respin. High Pay Symbol 1 wins are awarded at the end of the feature. This mode continues until a new High Pay Symbol 1, Double High Pay Symbol 1, or Wild Symbols fails to land, in which case the respin sequence ends and any High Pay Symbol 1 wins are awarded. Any Non-High Pay Symbol 1 and Double High Pay Symbol 1 wins that are formed during the initial spin and respins are awarded immediately. POWER BET 2 FEATURE Wild Symbols now have a chance to randomly transform High Pay Symbol 2, High Pay Symbol 3, High Pay Symbol 4, Low Pay Symbol 1, Low Pay Symbol 2, Low Pay Symbol 3, and Low Pay Symbol 4 symbols into Triple High Pay Symbol 1 symbols. 1 Wild Symbols substitutes for 3 High Pay Symbol 1 symbols. 1 Wild Symbols substitutes for 1 High Pay Symbol 2, High Pay Symbol 3, High Pay Symbol 4, Low Pay Symbol 1, Low Pay Symbol 2, Low Pay Symbol 3, or Low Pay Symbol 4 symbol. In the Free Games Bonus, all High Pay Symbol 1 are now Double High Pay Symbol 1. Upgraded reels now transform Double High Pay Symbol 1 into Triple High Pay Symbol 1. In the Free Games Bonus, Bonus Wild does not have a chance to transform symbols randomly. Pays are the same in Base and Bonus Game. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Last modification date: 11/19/2024