Pearl Bay: Mermaid Kingdom RTP: 96.0% VOLATILITY: BASE GAME : 6.1 LOW VOLATILITY POWER BET 1: 26.6 HIGH VOLATILITY POWER BET 2: 18.5 MEDIUM VOLATILITY GAME RULES • Wild symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols except Bonus symbol. • Wild symbol appears only on reels 2, 3, and 4. • All symbols in winning combinations disappear. The empty symbol positions are filled as symbols tumble from above. Afterwards, symbols are re-evaluated for new winning combinations. Reels continue to tumble until no winning symbol combinations are created as a result of the tumbling reels. • Line wins must appear on played lines. • Line win symbols must appear on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. • Only the highest win is paid on each line. • Line wins are multiplied by the bet per line. • Scatter symbols award in any position on the reels. • Wins are shown in credits unless marked as currency. Malfunction voids all pays and play FREE GAMES BONUS • 3 Bonus symbol appearing on a played line awards the Free Game Bonus. • At the end of any base game spin where 3 Bonus symbol did not appear on a played line, the Free Game Bonus may be randomly awarded. • Awards 6 free games. • Bonus symbol appears only on reels 1, 2, and 3. • The Free Game Bonus uses different reels. • Free games automatically play on max lines at the same bet per line as the game that initiated the Free Game Bonus. • 3 or more Bonus symbol appearing anywhere awards additional free games. • 3 Bonus symbol awards 2 to 4 additional free games. • 4 Bonus symbol awards 4 to 10 additional free games. • 5 Bonus symbol awards 6 to 15 additional free games. • Bonus symbol is a scatter symbol. • The Free Game Bonus ends when 0 free games remain or when 300 free games have been played. BUY A BONUS RULES • If available in your jurisdiction, a Buy a Bonus Feature may appear. • All General Rules apply. • This feature provides 1 of the following options as a choice: • Triggering the Free Games Bonus at 30x the base game amount for 6 spins where all Free Games Bonus rules apply. • Triggering the Free Games Bonus with Jackpots and Wild Respin Power Bet at 50x the base game amount for 6 spins where all Free Games Bonus and Power Bet rules apply. • Triggering the Free Games Bonus with Jackpots, Wild Respin, and Transforming Wild Power Bet at 75x the base game amount for 6 spins where all Free Games Bonus and Power Bet rules apply. • On the initial spin, all base game wins are awarded. POWER BET RULES • Only one Power Bet may be active at a time. • The total cost of a one spin Power Bet is located near the activation button for each Power Bet and is displayed in the Bet Meter when activated. • Rules that are different during a Power Bet in the base game and the Free Games Bonus are listed below. • All General Rules apply to all Power Bets. POWER BET FEATURE 1 • Each tumble will trigger an increase on the multiplier meter. • After each tumble resolves, the multiplier value currently highlighted will apply to any win that occurs. • The multiplier meter contains 4 positions with the following multiplier values: o 1x o 2x o 3x o Random values. • The random multipliers are listed as follows: o 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, 10x, 12x, 15x, 20x, and 25x. • When the multiplier meter reaches the final random multiplier position, the meter will randomly reward one of the 9 potential multipliers. • After the 4th multiplier meter position is achieved, the randomly selected multiplier value will continue to be applied to all following wins until no more wins occur. • 3 Jackpot symbols appearing anywhere on the reels awards the Jackpot Pick Bonus. • Jackpot symbol is a scatter symbol. • Jackpot symbols only appear on reels 1, 2, and 3 in the base game. • In the pick bonus, match 3 symbols representing the same Jackpot to be awarded that Jackpot. • There are 3 jackpots: Minor, Major, and Grand. • Only 1 Jackpot is awarded in the pick bonus. • Pick Bonus will award one the following jackpot values: • Minor Jackpot: 50 times the total bet • Major Jackpot: 500 times the total bet, • Grand Jackpot: 5000 times the total bet. • In the base game and the Free Games Bonus, whenever a Wild symbol lands, there is a chance for the Wild symbol to transform into a Respin Wild symbol. • Respin Wild symbol awards a free respin at the end of tumbling sequence. • In the instances where Respin Wild symbol appears and is not part of a win, following the tumbling sequence any non-winning Wild symbol and Respin Wild symbol will remain on the reels. • The respin sequence ends when no new Respin Wild symbol appear on the reels. • Respin Wild symbol only appears on reels 2, 3, and 4 in the base game. • Wild and Respin Wild symbols only appear on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5 in the Free Games Bonus. • Wild symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols except Bonus, Respin Wild, and Jackpot symbols. • Respin Wild symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols except Bonus, Wild, and Jackpot symbols. POWER BET FEATURE 2 • Each tumble will trigger an increase on the multiplier meter. • After each tumble resolves, the multiplier value currently highlighted will apply to any win that occurs. • The multiplier meter contains 4 positions with the following multiplier values: o 1x o 3x o 5x o Random values. • The random multipliers are listed as follows: o 10x, 12x, 15x, 17x, 20x, 25x, 30x, 40x, and 50x. • When the multiplier meter reaches the final random multiplier position, the meter will randomly reward one of the 9 potential multipliers. • After the 4th multiplier meter position is achieved, the randomly selected multiplier value will continue to be applied to all following wins until no more wins occur. • 3 Jackpot symbols appearing anywhere on the reels awards the Jackpot Pick Bonus. • Jackpot symbol is a scatter symbol. • Jackpot symbols only appear on reels 1, 2, and 3 in the base game. • In the pick bonus, match 3 symbols representing the same Jackpot to be awarded that Jackpot. • There are 3 jackpots: Minor, Major, and Grand. • Only 1 Jackpot is awarded in the pick bonus. • Pick Bonus will award one the following jackpot values: • Minor Jackpot: 25 times the total bet • Major Jackpot: 250 times the total bet, • Grand Jackpot: 2500 times the total bet. • In the base game and the Free Games Bonus, whenever a Wild symbol lands, there is a chance for the Wild symbol to transform into a Respin Wild symbol or a Transforming Wild symbol. • Respin Wild symbol awards a free respin at the end of tumbling sequence. • In the instances where Respin Wild symbol appears and is not part of a win, following the tumbling sequence any non-winning Wild symbol, Respin Wild symbol, and Transforming Wild symbol will remain on the reels. • The respin sequence ends when no new Respin Wild symbol appear on the reels. • Transforming Wild symbol triggers a transformation of all Low Pay 1, Low Pay 2, or Low Pay 3 (one symbol type chosen at random) into a High Pay 1, Mid Pay 1, Mid Pay 2, or Mid Pay 3 symbols. • Respin Wild and Transforming Wild symbols only appear on reels 2, 3, and 4 in the base game. • Wild, Respin Wild, and Transforming Wild symbols only appear on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5 in the Free Games Bonus. • Wild symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols except Bonus, Respin Wild, Transforming Wild, and Jackpot symbols • Respin Wild symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols except Bonus, Wild, Transforming Wild and Jackpot symbols. • Transforming Wild symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols except Bonus, Wild, Respin Wild and Jackpot symbols.