101 Crystal Skulls RTP: 96.0% Volatilities Base Game: 21.7 - High Power Bet 1: 28.3 - Very High pOWER bET 2: 16.9 - MEDIUM bOTH pOWER bETS: 20.5 - High Game Rules This game is played at 243 ways. All 5 reels are always in play. Ways wins contain one symbol from each adjacent reel, beginning with the leftmost reel. The same symbol, or its substitute, in a different position on the same reel pays that ways win again. Only the highest win is paid for each ways symbol combination. Ways wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier. Scatter symbols award in any position on the reels. Only the highest win is paid for each scatter symbol combination. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total amount bet. Scatter wins are awarded in addition to ways wins. Wins are shown in credits unless marked as currency. Malfunction void all pays and plays. BASE GAME Wild Symbols are wild and substitutes for all symbols except Bonus Symbol, Crystal Skull Symbol, Major Jackpot, Minor Jackpot, Mini Jackpot, and Scatter Symbols. Free Games 3 or more Bonus Symbols trigger the Free Games Bonus. 3 Bonus Symbol awards 10 free games. 4 awards 15 free games. 5 awards 25 free games. The Free Games Bonus does not award additional free games. The Free Games Bonus ends when 0 free games remain. The Bonus Symbol is a scatter symbol. Free Games Wild Symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols except the Crystal Skull Symbol. Loot Link Feature The Scatter Loot Link feature is initiated by landing 5 or more Scatter, Major Jackpot, Minor Jackpot, or Mini Jackpot symbols during a base game spin. These symbols are only awarded at the end of the feature. If the feature is not triggered due to landing less than 5 of these symbols, these symbols are not awarded. The Scatter Loot Link feature is played on a 25 position independent reels matrix, with 10 reels at the top of the matrix unlocked 5 at a time: The 5 independent reels on the 2nd row from the top are unlocked by accumulating 10 or more Scatter Symbol, Major Jackpot, Minor Jackpot, or Mini Jackpot symbols in the 15 active positions on the bottom 3 rows. The 5 independent reels on the top row are unlocked by accumulating 14 or more Scatter Symbol, Major Jackpot, Minor Jackpot, or Mini Jackpot symbols in the 20 active positions on the bottom 4 rows. If there are any reels that are locked when the result of a spin causes the spin counter to reach 0, there is a random chance that 5 independent reels are unlocked starting with the bottom most row of locked reels. The spin counter increases to 1 and play continues. The player has 3 spins to land at least one Scatter Symbol, Major Jackpot, Minor Jackpot, or Mini Jackpot symbol on an active empty position or else the Loot Link feature ends with the exception being the random unlock that awards 1 additional spin. Any number of new Scatter Symbol, Major Jackpot, Minor Jackpot, or Mini Jackpot symbols will reset the spin counter to 3 total Scatter Loot Link spins remaining. An additional 1x5 reel is added to the right of the 25 position independent reels matrix. A value adder symbol modifies a random scatter symbol in the row, adding each of them by the value on the value adder symbol. A value multiplier symbol modifies a random scatter symbol in the row, multiplying each of them by the value on the value multiplier symbol. A super value adder symbol modifies all scatter symbols in the row, increasing each by the value on the super value adder symbol. A super value multiplier symbol modifies all scatter symbols in the row, multiplying each by the value on the super value multiplier symbol. When the feature ends the combined values on all symbols and jackpots will be awarded. If all 25 positions on the reels are unlocked and either a Scatter Symbol, Major Jackpot, Minor Jackpot, or Mini Jackpot symbol appears in all positions, the Grand Jackpot is awarded and the feature ends. Scatter Symbol may appear with the following values: 10, 20, 40, 60, 80, 100, 120, 160, 200, 300, or 400 credits Mini Jackpot awards 400 credits Minor Jackpot awards 2000 credits Major Jackpot awards 8000 credits The Grand Jackpot awards 40000 credits Scatter Symbol, Value Adder, super Value Adder, Value Multiplier, Super Value Multiplier, Major Jackpot, Minor Jackpot, or Mini Jackpot symbols are scatter symbols. CRYSTAL SKULLS Loot Link Feature At any given time in the Base Game or Free Games Bonus, whenever a Wild Symbol lands, there is a random chance to trigger the Crystal Skulls Loot Link feature. If the feature is not triggered Crystal Skull symbols are not awarded. The Crystal Skulls Loot Link feature is played on a 15 position independent reels matrix. All Crystal Skull symbols along with their multipliers will carry over from a base spin that initiated the feature. The player has three spins to land any amount of new Crystal Skull Symbol, Crystal Skull Collect or Crystal Skull Spreader symbols. If within 3 spins no new Crystal Skull Symbol, Crystal Skull Collect or Crystal Skull Spreader symbols appear on the reels, then the Crystal Skulls Loot Link feature ends. Any number of new Crystal Skull Symbol, Crystal Skull Collect or Crystal Skull Spreader symbols will reset the spin counter back to 3 total Crystal Skulls Loot Link feature spins. At the beginning of each spin sequence, each Crystal Skull Symbol on the reels have a random chance to increase their multiplier value. Crystal Skull Collect Symbol removes random Crystal Skull symbols from the reels and then combines their values into a new Crystal Skull at the position of the Crystal Skull Collect Symbol. Crystal Skull Spreader Symbol modifies random Crystal Skull symbols on the reels, increasing each Crystal Skull by 1. The multiplier value represents the number of Crystal Skulls counted for that specific independent reel. At the end of the feature, the total amount of Crystal Skulls will be awarded accordingly: 11-20 Crystal Skulls collected awards 200 credits 21-30 Crystal Skulls collected awards 400 credits 31-40 Crystal Skulls collected awards 800 credits 41-50 Crystal Skulls collected awards 1200 credits 51-60 Crystal Skulls collected awards 1600 credits 61-70 Crystal Skulls collected awards 2000 credits 71-80 Crystal Skulls collected awards 4000 credits 81-100 Crystal Skulls collected awards 10000 credits If there are 101 Crystal Skulls collected at any time, the feature will end immediately and 40000 credits are awarded. The Crystal Skull Symbol, Crystal Skull Collect and Crystal Skull Spreader symbols are scatter symbols. In the Base game and Free Games Bonus, the Crystal Skull Symbol will always appear with a multiplier value of 10x. In the Crystal Skull Loot Link, the Crystal Skull Symbol will always initially appear with a multiplier value of 1x. Buy a Bonus If available in your jurisdiction, a Buy a Bonus Feature may appear. All General Rules apply. This feature provides 1 of the following options as a choice: Triggering the Scatter Loot Link at 60x the base game amount where all Scatter Loot Link rules apply. Triggering the Crystal Skulls Loot Link at 80x the base game amount where all Crystal Skulls Loot Link rules apply. Triggering the Free Games Bonus provides one of the following results at 100x the base game amount and all Free Games Bonus rules apply: 3 Bonus Symbol awards 10 free games. 4 awards 15 free games. 5 awards 25 free games. On the initial spin, all base game wins are awarded. Power Bets Both of the Power Bet options may be active at the same time. The additional cost of a one spin Power Bet is located near the activation button for each Power Bet and is displayed in the Bet Meter when activated. Rules that are different during a Power Bet in the base game and the Free Games Bonus are listed below. All General Rules apply to all Power Bets. Power Bet Feature 1 The Scatter Loot Link feature is initiated by landing 4 or more Scatter Symbol, Major Jackpot, Minor Jackpot, or Mini Jackpot symbols during a base game spin. These symbols are only awarded at the end of the feature. If the feature is not triggered due to landing less than 4 of these symbols, these symbols are not awarded. Scatter Symbols may appear with the following values: 20, 40, 60, 100, 120, 200, 300, 400, 600, 800, or 1000 credits Jackpot pays are 3x that of the Base mode. Power Bet Feature 2 At any given time in the Base Game or Free Games Bonus, whenever a Wild Symbol lands, there is a greater random chance to trigger the Crystal Skulls Loot Link feature. Crystal Skulls Loot Link pays are 3x that of the Base mode. Last modification date: 7/1/2025