Mountain of Zeus RTP: 96.0% VOLATILITIES: BASE GAME: 12.6 – MEDIUM POWER BET 1: 9.7 – LOW POWER BET 2: 13.6 – MEDIUM GAME RULES This game is played using MegaPixel Pays evaluation. Wins are shown in credits unless marked as currency. Values displayed in the [Game Rules/Help Screens] have not been pre-multiplied, except where stated. Wins subject to verification. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Stopping the spin animation using the spin or stop button will have no effect upon the outcome of the game. This game is played on a grid of 2400 dots. On each spin, symbols are randomly placed in positions on the screen that may overlap portions of the grid of dots. Any symbol except Bonus Symbol, Upgrade Symbol, and Nudge Symbol has 3 tiers of payouts: low, mid, and high. After each spin, all dots overlapped by any symbol except Bonus Symbol, Upgrade Symbol, and Nudge Symbol will upgrade 2, 3, or 4 levels, to a maximum of level 7. All dots overlapped by low tier symbols will upgrade 2 levels. All dots overlapped by mid tier symbols will upgrade 3 levels. All dots overlapped by high tier symbols will upgrade 4 levels. During the base game, after each spin all dots not overlapped by any symbol except Bonus Symbol, Upgrade Symbol, and Nudge Symbol will downgrade 1 level, to a minimum of level 1. Level 1 dots appear as a grey dot. Level 2 dots appear as a green dot. Level 3 dots appear as a blue dot. Level 4 dots appear as a purple dot. Level 5 dots appear as a pink dot. Level 6 dots appear as an orange dot. Level 7 dots appear as a yellow dot. After all dots have been upgraded or downgraded, all symbols except Bonus Symbol, Upgrade Symbol, and Nudge Symbol that fully overlap the grid of dots will pay out. All dots overlapped by a paying symbol contribute points to the payout according to the level of the dots. Level 3 dots contribute 1 point each. Level 4 dots contribute 3 points each. Level 5 dots contribute 10 points each. Level 6 dots contribute 25 points each. Level 7 dots contribute 100 points each. Each symbol except Bonus Symbol, Upgrade Symbol, and Nudge Symbol has an associated point multiplier. The points contributed by each dot are further multiplied by the point multiplier of the paying symbol. The total amount awarded for each symbol is equal to the sum of all points from dots overlapped by that symbol divided by 100, rounded down, and then multiplied by the bet multiplier. For additional information on a win, click on a winning symbol to view the payout breakdown and multiplier value. All dot level upgrades and downgrades apply only at that total amount bet. In the Base Game and Free Games Bonus, whenever a Nudge Symbol symbol appears within the grid, the game will go into a special feature mode where all shapes and symbols that have partially landed on the reels will nudge into place fully on the reels so long as there are no obstructions. The nudge feature can last from 2 to 5 spins. The nudge feature can also be triggered during the bonus and applies to 1 to 3 bonus spins, remaining bonus nudges are lost when the bonus ends. Nudge mode order of operations is as follows: First nudge Bonus symbols Second nudge Upgrade symbols Third nudge Nudge symbols Fourth nudge any symbols The game features two variations of the upgrade feature; a random event and an Upgrade Symbol triggered event. Upon triggering the feature, a random pattern of dots will upgrade 5 or 6 levels. The two variations of the feature vary in the patterns available and the way they are triggered. On spins in which the upgrade symbol does not land within the active matrix there is a random chance to trigger an upgrade pattern to the matrix. The randomly triggered variation of the upgrade feature does not appear in the free spins bonus. FREE GAMES BONUS During the base game, 3 or more Bonus Symbols fully overlapping the grid of dots awards the Free Games Bonus. 3 Bonus Symbols awards 12 free games. 4 Bonus Symbols awards 16 free games. 5 Bonus Symbols awards 20 free games. The Free Games Bonus starts with all dots at level 1. During the Free Games Bonus, dot levels do not downgrade. Free games automatically play at the same bet multiplier as the game that initiated the Free Games Bonus. The Free Game Bonus does not award additional free games. The Free Games Bonus ends when 0 free games remain. After the Free Games Bonus ends all dots return to the levels they were at when the Free Games Bonus was awarded. POWER BET RULES Both of the Power Bet options may be active at the same time. The additional cost of a one spin Power Bet is located near the activation button for each Power Bet and is displayed in the Bet Meter when activated. Rules that are different during a Power Bet in the base game and the Free Games Bonus are listed below. All General Rules apply to all Power Bets. POWER BET 1 FEATURE Enabling this feature will allow Nudge Symbol symbols and Upgrade Symbol symbols to appear more frequently in the Base Game and Free Games Bonus. POWER BET 2 FEATURE Enabling this feature now increases the values of dots at dot level 6 & 7 for the Base Game and Free Games Bonus. Level 6 dots appear as a yellow and blue circle. Level 7 dots appear as a white and blue circle. Level 6 dots contribute 60 points each. Level 7 dots contribute 220 points each. Last modification date: 2/19/2025