Triple Ghouls GENERAL INFO : WAYS PAY RULES This game is played at 720 ways. Ways wins contain one symbol from each adjacent reel, beginning with the leftmost reel. The same symbol, or its substitute, in a different position on the same reel pays that ways win again. Only the highest win is paid for each ways symbol combination. Ways wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier. Scatter symbols award in any position on the reels. Only the highest win is paid for each scatter symbol combination. Wins are shown in credits unless marked as currency. Values displayed in the Help Screens have not been pre-multiplied, except where stated. Wins subject to verification. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. GENERAL INFO : RETURN TO PLAYER Stopping the spin animation using the spin or stop button will have no effect upon the outcome of the game. The theoretical return to player for the game is 95.0%. If the player is accessing the game on this website, the player is subject to the restrictions on play on this website for all configurable items based on operator's terms and conditions. GENERAL INFO : METER RULES The number of ways that winning combinations can be formed on The multiplier applied to the wager Select the total amount that will be wagered when the spin button is pressed Total amount won for this spin Total balance that the player has available for wager GENERAL INFO : RECOVERY RULES If the game gets interrupted during play, the player will be credited for the value of the game event. We will complete the event for the player. All required player selections will be chosen from the topmost left option. In any situation where the player does not consider this sufficient, please contact the gaming website's support. GENERAL INFO : BONUS COMPLETE SCREEN The Bonus Complete screen will not include the amount won unless the cumulative winnings exceed the total bet. GENERAL INFO : SPEED SPIN (if accepted in your country) Hold down the spin button to activate Speed Spin. Your games will play faster until you release. Last modification date: 10/16/2024