Joker's Royal Riches RTP: 96.0% VOLATILITIES: BASE GAME: 14.5 – HIGH GAME RULES Wild Symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols except Bonus, Major Jackpot, Minor Jackpot, Mini Jackpot, and Scatter symbols. Each Wild symbol that appears on a reel expands vertically and fills all positions on that reel A random multiplier between2x and 5x may appear at the top of the expanded wild. Any line win that includes a wild from the stack multiplies the award by the multiplier value. Multiple multipliers are additive towards awards. The Scatter Loot Link feature is initiated by landing 5 or more Scatter, Major Jackpot, Minor Jackpot, or Mini Jackpot symbols during a base game or a Free Games Bonus spin. These symbols are only awarded at the end of the feature. If the feature is not triggered due to landing less than 5 of these symbols, these symbols are not awarded. The Grand Jackpot Symbol does not appear in a base or a Free Games Bonus spin. Major Jackpot, Minor Jackpot, and Mini Jackpot symbols do not appear in a Free Games Bonus spin.The Scatter Loot Link feature is played on a 40 position independent reels matrix, with 20 of the reels at the top of the matrix unlocked 5 at a time as follows: The 5 independent reels on the 4th row from the top are unlocked by accumulating 10 or more Scatter, Major Jackpot, Minor Jackpot, or Mini Jackpot symbols in the 20 active positions on the bottom 4 rows The 5 independent reels on the 3rd row from the top are unlocked by accumulating 15 or more Scatter, Major Jackpot, Minor Jackpot, or Mini Jackpot symbols in the 25 active positions on the bottom5 rows. The 5 independent reels on the 2nd row from the top are unlocked by accumulating 20 or more Scatter, Major Jackpot, Minor Jackpot, or Mini Jackpot symbols in the 30 active positions on the bottom 6 row .The 5 independent reels on the top row are unlocked by accumulating 25 or more Scatter, Major Jackpot, Minor Jackpot, or Mini Jackpot symbols in the 35 active positions on the bottom 7 rows. The Grand Jackpot symbol can only appear in the 5 independent reels on the top row. The player has 3 spins to land at least one Multiplier Distributing, Scatter Absorbing, Scatter, Additive Scatter, Grand Jackpot, Major Jackpot, Minor Jackpot, or Mini Jackpot symbols on an active empty position or else the Scatter Loot Link ends. Any number of new Multiplier Distributing, Scatter Absorbing, Scatter, Additive Scatter, Grand Jackpot, Major Jackpot, Minor Jackpot symbol, or Mini Jackpot symbols will reset the spin counter to 3 total Scatter Loot Link spins remaining. When the feature ends the combined values on all symbols and jackpots will be awarded. Multiplier Distributing symbol multiplies all scatter values in the 8 positions surrounding Multiplier Distributing symbol by the value in the center of the symbol. Scatter Absorbing symbol absorbs all symbols in the 8 positions surrounding Scatter Absorbing symbol to combine the values into one value. Additive Scatter symbols increases all scatter values in the 8 positions surrounding Additive Scatter symbols by the value in the center of the symbol.Scatter symbols may appear with the following values:25, 50, 75, 100, 125, 200, 250, 300, or 400 credits.Grand Jackpot Symbol awards 500 credits Major Jackpot Symbol awards 2500 credits Minor Jackpot Symbol awards 12500 credits Mini Jackpot Symbol awards 50000 credits Scatter, Additive Scatter, Multiplier Distributing, Scatter Absorbing, Grand Jackpot, Major Jackpot, Minor Jackpot, and Mini Jackpot symbols are scatter symbols. All 5 reels are always in play. Line wins must appear on played lines. Line win symbols must appear on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Only the highest win is paid on each line. Line wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier. Scatter symbols award in any position on the reels. Only the highest win is paid for each scattersymbol combination. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total amount bet.Scatter wins are awarded in addition to line wins. Wins are shown in credits unless marked as currency. FREE GAMES BONUS The Free Games Bonus Loot Link feature is initiated by landing 3 or more Bonus Symbol symbols during a base game spin. These symbols are only awarded at the end of the feature. For each Bonus Symbol collected during the Free Games Bonus Loot Link, the player is awarded 1 free spin for the Free Games Bonus including the initial amount of Bonus Symbol from the base game. For each Scatter Multiplier collected during the Free Games Bonus Loot Link, the scatter multiplier collection will increase and carry over into the Free Games Bonus. Scatter Multiplier may appear with the following values:2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, or 10x. For each Wild Copy collected during the Free Games Bonus Loot Link, the wild copy collection will increase and carry over into the Free Games Bonus. The player has 3 spins to land at least one Bonus Symbol, Scatter Multiplier, or Wild Copy symbol on an active empty position or else the Free Games Bonus Loot Link ends.Any number of new Bonus, Scatter Multiplier, and Wild Copy symbols will reset the spin counter to 3 total the Free Games Bonus Loot Link spins remaining. At the end of the Free Games Bonus Loot Link, the player will carry all of the free spins, scatter multiplier, and wild copy collections into the Free Games Bonus. Bonus Symbol, Scatter Multiplier, Wild Copy are scatter symbols. Wild symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols except Scatter Symbol. Each Wild symbol that appears on a reel expands vertically and fills all positions on that reels. A random multiplier between 2x and 5x may appear at the top of the expanded wild. Any line win that includes a wild from the stack multiplies the award by the multiplier value. Multiple multipliers areadditive towards awards. During the Free Games Bonus the Scatter Multiplier values collected during the [Free Games Bonus Loot Link] are applied to appearing Scatter Symbol values in the order the Scatter Multipliervalues were collected. Scatter Symbol values are chosen in order from the top left to bottom right priority when the Scatter Multiplier symbol multiplier is applied to the value and awarded. If a Scatter Loot Link Feature is triggered, Scatter Multiplier values do not apply to any Scatter Symbol values on that spin.If a Scatter Loot Link Feature is not triggered, Scatter Symbol are not awarded if a Scatter Multiplier is not applied to it. Any remaining Scatter Multiplier symbols at the end of the Free Games Bonus will be awarded at the additive value on the symbols times the bet. During the Free Games Bonus, when a Wild symbol lands on a reel and expands and there is at least 1 Wild Copy in the wild copy collection meter, the meter will decrement by 1, and the expandedwild with its random multiplier (if it exists) is copied and placed on another reel chosen randomly. A maximum of 1 Wild Copy will be activated per spin. After all Free Games have been played, any remaining Wild Copy will be awarded 50 credits each. The Free Games Bonus does not award additional free games. The Free Games Bonus ends when 0 free games remain. POWER BET RULES Both of the Power Bet options may be active at the same time. The additional cost of a one spin Power Bet is located near the activation button for each Power Bet and is displayed in the Bet Meter when activated. Rules that are different during a Power Bet in the base game and the Free Games Bonus are listed below. All General Rules apply to all Power Bets. POWER BET 1 FEATURE The Scatter Loot Link feature is initiated by landing 4 or more Scatter Symbol, Major Jackpot Symbol, Minor Jackpot Symbol, Mini Jackpot Symbol symbols during a base game or a Free Games Bonus spin. These symbols are only awarded at the end of the feature. If the feature is not triggered due to landing less than 4 of these symbols, these symbols are not awarded. Jackpot pays are 2x that of the Base mode. Any remaining Scatter Multiplier symbols at the end of the Free Games Bonus will be awarded at the additive value on the symbols times the bet divided by 2. POWER BET 2 FEATURE Whenever a Wild Symbol or Wild symbol lands and expands in the Base Game or Free Games Bonus, there is a random chance to copy 1 expanded wild with its random multiplier (if it exists) to another reel chosen randomly. During the Free Games Bonus, if a Wild Copy is applied on a spin, it is applied first. Any remaining Scatter Multiplier symbols at the end of the Free Games Bonus will be awarded at the additive value on the symbols times the bet divided by 3. POWER BET COMBO FEATURE The Scatter Loot Link feature is initiated by landing 4 or more Scatter Symbol, Major Jackpot Symbol, Minor Jackpot Symbol, Mini Jackpot Symbol symbols during a base game or a Free Games Bonus spin. These symbols are only awarded at the end of the feature. If the feature is not triggered due to landing less than 4 of these symbols, these symbols are not awarded. Whenever a Wild Symbol or Wild symbol lands and expands in the Base Game or Free Games Bonus, there is a random chance to copy 1 expanded wild with its random multiplier (if it exists) to another reel chosen randomly. During the Free Games Bonus, if a Wild Copy is applied on a spin, it is applied first. Any remaining Scatter Multiplier symbols at the end of the Free Games Bonus will be awarded at the additive value on the symbols times the bet divided by 4. Jackpot pays are 2x that of the Base mode. Malfunction voids all pays and plays Last modification date: 11/26/2024