Dragons Blessings Prosperity Jackpot GAME RULES VOLATILITY: 19.3 HIGH All 6 reels are always in play. Line wins must appear on played lines. Line win symbols must appear on adjacent reels, starting with the leftmost reel. Only the highest win is paid on each line. Line wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier. Winnings are displayed in credits unless they are marked as currency. Malfunction voids all pays and plays WILD TRAIN FUNCTION When the Dragon Head symbol, the Dragon Body symbol and the Dragon Tail symbol appear on the reels along with the coin tree, the Wild Train feature is triggered. After the winning combinations have been achieved, the Dragon Head symbols will move one position each to cover a coin tree or a triple coin symbol. As the Dragon Head symbol moves, each Dragon Body symbol and Dragon Tail symbol follows it along the same path to stay on the reels in consecutive adjacent positions. If the dragon head symbol reaches and covers a coin tree or triple coin symbol, the symbol is collected. This process is repeated until all the Coin Tree and Triple Coin symbols have been collected. Each coin tree collected increases the number of positions covered by dragon body symbols. During the movement, additional dragon body symbols may be added or removed, so that the total number of positions covered by dragon head symbols, dragon body symbols and dragon tail symbols always remains equal to 3 + the total number of coin trees collected during the feature. Once all Coin Tree and Triple Coin symbols have been collected, a free respin will be awarded. All Dragon Head symbols, Dragon Body symbols and Dragon Tail symbols will remain fixed in their current positions on the reels during the respins. Respins are played on other reels. Respins will continue until the Free Spins Bonus is activated, or until a re-spin occurs that does not collect a Coin Tree or Triple Coin symbol. Dragon Head symbols, Dragon Body symbols and Dragon Tail symbols, as well as Triple Coin symbols, are Wild symbols and substitute for all symbols except the Dragon Head Symbol, Dragon Body Symbol and Dragon Tail Symbol, as well as Triple Coin symbols. Coin trees only appear during the first few spins and respins on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. Each triple coin symbol collected increases the multiplier meter by 1 value. Each triple coin symbol collected awards a scatter value of 10, 20, 50, 100, 200, 300, 400, 500, 750 or 1,000 credits Collect 5 to receive a 2x multiplier that is only applied to the scatter value collected at the end of a turn evaluation. Collect 9 to receive a 3x multiplier, which is only applied to the scatter value collected at the end of a turn evaluation. Collect 13 to receive a 5x multiplier that is only applied to the scatter value collected at the end of a turn evaluation. Collect 17 to receive a 10x multiplier, which is only applied to the scatter value collected at the end of a turn evaluation. Collect 21 to receive a 20x multiplier that is only applied to the scatter value collected at the end of a turn evaluation. Dragon Head symbols, Dragon Body symbols and Dragon Tail symbols, as well as triple coin symbols, do not substitute for coin trees for the purposes of the Wild Train feature. Dragon Head symbols, Dragon Body symbols and Dragon Tail symbols only appear on reel 6 during the base game. During the respins or free spins bonus, no dragon head symbols, dragon body symbols or dragon tail symbols appear on the reels FREE GAMES FEATURE If you collect 9 or more coin trees during the Wild Train feature, you will receive 5 free spins in the Free Spins Bonus. The free spins bonus uses other reels. Free spins are automatically played with the same bet multiplier as the game that initiated the free spins bonus. All Dragon Head symbols, Dragon Body symbols and Dragon Tail symbols carry over from the re-spin that triggered the Free Spins Bonus and remain fixed in their current positions on the reels during the free games. After the winning combinations have been awarded for each free game, the dragon head symbol moves one position at a time to cover coin trees or triple coin symbols. As the dragon head symbol moves, each dragon body and dragon tail symbol follows it along the same path to stay on the reels in consecutive adjacent positions. When the Dragon Head symbol reaches and covers a Coin Tree or Triple Coin symbol, the symbol is collected. This process is repeated until all coin trees and triple coin symbols have been collected. Each coin tree collected increases the number of positions covered by dragon body symbols. Additional Dragon Body symbols may be added or removed during the move, so the total number of positions covered by Dragon Head Symbols, Dragon Body Symbols and Dragon Tail symbols will always remain equal to 3+ the total number of Coin Trees collected during the Free Spins Bonus and the triggering Wild Train feature. Each triple coin symbol collected awards a scatter value of 10, 20, 50, 100, 200, 300, 400, 500, 750 or 1,000 credits at the end of the free spins bonus. Each Coin Tree and Triple Coin symbol collected awards 1 additional free game. The Free Spins Bonus ends when 0 Free Spins remain. If you collect a total of 21 or more coin trees in the Free Spins Bonus and the Wild Train feature that triggered it, you will receive a cashpot worth 5,000x the total bet at the end of the Free Spins Bonus. PICK BONUS CASHPOT FEATURE Every time a Coin Tree symbol is collected, the game can grant a Pick Bonus. Match 3 symbols with the same cashpot in the Pick Bonus to get this cashpot. There are 4 cashpots: Mini, Smaller, Larger, Larger. Only 1 cashpot is awarded in the Pick Bonus. The Pick Bonus awards the cashpot values of the Mini Cashpot at 20x the total bet, the Small Cashpot at 50x the total bet, the Larger Cashpot at 200x the total bet, and the Large Cashpot at 5,000x the total bet. Last modification date: 7/23/2025