Goldstruck Blasts Jackpot GAME RULES – RTP: 96.0% VOLATILITY: 30.4 - VERY HIGH • All 6 reels are always in play. • Line wins must appear on active lines. • Line win symbols must appear on adjacent reels, starting from the leftmost reel. • Only the highest win on each line is paid. • Line wins are multiplied by the bet. • If not paired with a currency, win amounts are expressed in credits. WILD TRAIN FEATURE • The Wild Train feature starts when the Front, Middle and Rear Cart symbols appear on the reels along with the Gold Nugget symbol. • Once winning combinations have been awarded, the Front Cart symbols move one position at a time to overlap any detonators or gold nuggets. As the front wheel symbols advance, any rear and middle wheel symbols follow them along the same path to remain adjacent and consecutive positions on the reels. When the front wheel symbols overlap with the gold nugget or detonator symbol, that symbol is collected. The process repeats until all gold nugget or detonator symbols are collected. • Each gold nugget collected increases the number of positions covered by the front wheel symbols. As they move, middle wheel symbols are added or removed so that the total number of positions covered by the front, middle and rear wheel symbols always equals 3 plus the total number of gold nuggets collected during the feature. • Once all detonators and nuggets are collected, a free respin is awarded. During each respin, all front, middle and rear wheel symbols remain locked in their positions on the reels. A different set of reels is used for respins. Respins continue until a respin occurs in which no detonators or gold nuggets are collected or the Free Spins Bonus is activated. • The front, middle, rear and detonator symbols are wild and substitute for all symbols except the front, middle, rear and detonator symbols. • Gold nuggets only appear on reels 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6 during the initial spins and respins. • Each detonator collected increases the multiplier value by 1. • Each detonator collected awards a scatter value of 5, 10, 20, 40, 60, 100, 150 or 200 credits at the end of the Free Spins Bonus. • Collect 5 to receive a 2x multiplier that is only applied to the total scatter value obtained after the train is evaluated. • Collect 9 of them to receive a 3x multiplier that is applied only to the total scatter value obtained after the train evaluation. • Collect 13 of them to receive a 5x multiplier that is applied only to the total scatter value obtained after the train evaluation. • Collect 17 of them to receive a 10x multiplier that is applied only to the total scatter value obtained after the train evaluation. • Collect 21 of them to receive a 21x multiplier that is applied only to the total scatter value obtained after the train evaluation. • The front, middle, rear cart and detonator symbols do not substitute for the gold nugget symbols for the Wild Train feature. • During the main game, the front, middle and rear cart symbols only appear on reel 6. • The front, middle and rear cart symbols do not appear on the reels during respins or the free spins bonus. FREE GAMES FEATURE • Collecting 5 or more gold nuggets during the Wild Train feature will activate the Free Games Bonus. • A different set of reels is used in the Free Games Bonus. • The same bet multiplier used in the game in which the Free Games Bonus was activated is automatically applied to the Free Games. • All front, middle and rear cart symbols are imported from the respin that activated the Free Games Bonus and are held in place on the reels during each Free Games spin. • Once winning combinations have been awarded, on each Free Games spin the front cart symbol moves one position at a time to overlap any detonators or gold nuggets. As the front cart symbol moves forward, any middle and rear cart symbols follow along the same path to remain in adjacent, consecutive positions on the reels. When the front cart symbol overlaps with the gold nugget or detonator symbol, that symbol is collected. The process repeats until all Gold Nugget or Detonator symbols are collected. • Each Gold Nugget collected increases the number of positions covered by the Center Cart symbols. As you move, Center Cart symbols are added or removed so that the total number of positions covered by the Front, Center and Back Cart symbols is always 3 plus the total number of Gold Nuggets collected during the Free Spins Bonus and Wild Train feature. • Each Detonator collected awards a Scatter amount of 10, 20, 40, 60, 100, 150 or 200 credits at the end of the Free Spins Bonus. • Each Gold Nugget and Detonator collected awards 1 additional Free Spin. • The Free Spins Bonus ends when 0 Free Spins remain. • If at least 21 gold nuggets are collected during the free spins bonus and the Wild Train feature that activated the bonus, a jackpot of 5000 times the total bet amount is awarded at the end of the feature. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Last modification date: 7/23/2025