Sonic 77 Sevens RTP: 96.0% Volatilities Base Game: 23 - Very High Power Bet 1: 35 - Very High pOWER bET 2: 19.6 - High bOTH pOWER bETS: 25.7 - Very High Game Rules This game is played at 243 ways. All 5 reels are always in play. Ways wins contain one symbol from each adjacent reel, beginning with the leftmost reel. The same symbol, or its substitute, in a different position on the same reel pays that ways win again. Only the highest win is paid for each ways symbol combination. Ways wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier. Scatter symbols award in any position on the reels. Only the highest win is paid for each scatter symbol combination. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total amount bet. Scatter wins are awarded in addition to ways wins. Wins are shown in credits unless marked as currency. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. BASE GAME Wild Symbols are wild and substitutes for all symbols except Bonus Symbol, Sonic 7s Symbol, Major Jackpot, Minor Jackpot, Mini Jackpot, and Scatter Symbols. Free Games 3 or more Bonus Symbols trigger the Free Games Bonus. 3 Bonus Symbol awards 10 free games. 4 awards 15 free games. 5 awards 25 free games. The Free Games Bonus does not award additional free games. The Free Games Bonus ends when 0 free games remain. The Bonus Symbol is a scatter symbol. Free Games Wild Symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols except Sonic 7s Symbol. Loot Link Feature The Scatter Loot Link feature is initiated by landing 5 or more Scatter, Major Jackpot, Minor Jackpot, or Mini Jackpot symbols during a base game spin. These symbols are only awarded at the end of the feature. If the feature is not triggered due to landing less than 5 of these symbols, these symbols are not awarded. The Scatter Loot Link feature is played on a 25 position independent reels matrix, with 10 reels at the top of the matrix unlocked 5 at a time: The 5 independent reels on the 2nd row from the top are unlocked by accumulating 10 or more Scatter Symbol, Major Jackpot, Minor Jackpot, or Mini Jackpot symbols in the 15 active positions on the bottom 3 rows. The 5 independent reels on the top row are unlocked by accumulating 14 or more Scatter Symbol, Major Jackpot, Minor Jackpot, or Mini Jackpot symbols in the 20 active positions on the bottom 4 rows. If there are any reels that are locked when the result of a spin causes the spin counter to reach 0, there is a random chance that 5 independent reels are unlocked starting with the bottom most row of locked reels. The spin counter increases to 1 and play continues. The player has 3 spins to land at least one Scatter Symbol, Row Increaser, Column Increaser, Surrounding Positions Increaser, Plus Sign Increaser, Corner Increaser, Major Jackpot, Minor Jackpot, or Mini Jackpot symbol on an active empty position or else the Loot Link feature ends with the exception being the random unlock that awards 1 additional spin. Any number of new Scatter Symbol, Row Increaser, Column Increaser, Surrounding Positions Increaser, Plus Sign Increaser, Corner Increaser, Major Jackpot, Minor Jackpot, or Mini Jackpot symbols will reset the spin counter to 3 total Scatter Loot Link spins remaining. Row Increaser modifies all Scatter symbols in the row, increasing each by its initial scatter value. Column Increaser modifies all Scatter symbols in the column, increasing each by its initial scatter value. Surrounding Positions Increaser modifies all Scatter symbols in the surrounding 8 positions, increasing each by its initial scatter value. Plus Sign Increaser modifies all Scatter symbols in the top, left, bottom, and right positions, increasing each by its initial scatter value. Corner Increaser modifies all Scatter symbols in the diagonal positions, increasing each by its initial scatter value. When the feature ends the combined values on all symbols and jackpots will be awarded. If all 25 positions on the reels are unlocked and either a Scatter Symbol, Major Jackpot, Minor Jackpot, or Mini Jackpot symbol appears in all positions, the Grand Jackpot is awarded and the feature ends. Scatter Symbol may appear with the following values: 10, 20, 40, 60, 80, 100, 120, 160, 200, 300, 400, or 500 credits Mini Jackpot awards 500 credits Minor Jackpot awards 2000 creditsMajor Jackpot awards 10000 credits The Grand Jackpot awards 50000 credits Scatter Symbol, Row Increaser, Column Increaser, Surrounding Positions Increaser, Plus Sign Increaser, Corner Increaser, Major Jackpot, Minor Jackpot, or Mini Jackpot symbols are scatter symbols. Sonic 7’s Loot Link Feature At any given time in the Base Game or Free Games Bonus, whenever a Wild Symbol lands, there is a random chance to trigger the Sonic Sevens Loot Link feature. If the feature is not triggered Sonic 7s symbols are not awarded. The Sonic Sevens Loot Link feature is played on a 15 position independent reels matrix. All Sonic 7s Symbol symbols along with their multipliers will carry over from a base spin that initiated the feature. The player has three spins to land any amount of new Sonic 7s Symbol, Row Increaser, Column Increaser, Surrounding Positions Increaser, Plus Sign Increaser, or Corner Increaser symbols, if within 3 spins no new Sonic 7s Symbol, Row Increaser, Column Increaser, Surrounding Positions Increaser, Plus Sign Increaser, or Corner Increaser symbols appear on the reels, then the Sonic Sevens Loot Link feature ends. Any number of new Sonic 7s Symbol, Row Increaser, Column Increaser, Surrounding Positions Increaser, Plus Sign Increaser, or Corner Increaser symbols will reset the spin counter back to 3 total Sonic Sevens Loot Link feature spins. At the beginning of each spin sequence, each Sonic 7s Symbol on the reels have a random chance to increase their multiplier value. Row Increaser modifies all Sonic 7s symbols in the row, increasing each by 1. Column Increaser modifies all Sonic 7s symbols in the column, increasing each by 1. Surrounding Positions Increaser modifies all Sonic 7s symbols in the surrounding 8 positions, increasing each by 1. Plus Sign Increaser modifies all Sonic 7s symbols in the top, left, bottom, and right positions, increasing each by 1. Corner Increaser modifies all Sonic 7s symbols in the diagonal positions, increasing each by 1. The multiplier value represents the number of Sonic 7s Symbol counted for that specific independent reel. At the end of the feature, the total amount of Sonic 7s symbols will be awarded accordingly: 7-16 Sonic 7s Symbols collected awards 200 credits 17-26 Sonic 7s Symbols collected awards 500 credits 27-36 Sonic 7s Symbols collected awards 800 credits 37-46 Sonic 7s Symbols collected awards 1200 credits 47-56 Sonic 7s Symbols collected awards 2000 credits 57-66 Sonic 7s Symbols collected awards 3000 credits 67-69 Sonic 7s Symbols collected awards 5000 credits 70-76 Sonic 7s Symbols collected awards 10000 credits If there are 77 Sonic 7s Symbol collected at any time, the feature will end immediately and 50000 credits are awarded. The Sonic 7s Symbol, Row Increaser, Column Increaser, Surrounding Positions Increaser, Plus Sign Increaser, and Corner Increaser symbols are scatter symbols. In the Base game and Free Games Bonus, the Sonic 7s Symbol will always appear with a multiplier value of 7x. Buy a Bonus If available in your jurisdiction, a Buy a Bonus Feature may appear. All General Rules apply. This feature provides 1 of the following options as a choice: Triggering the Scatter Loot Link at 60x the base game amount where all Scatter Loot Link rules apply. Triggering the Sonic Sevens Loot Link at 70x the base game amount where all Sonic Sevens Loot Link rules apply. Triggering the Free Games Bonus provides one of the following results at 80x the base game amount and all Free Games Bonus rules apply: 3 Bonus Symbol awards 10 free games. 4 awards 15 free games. 5 awards 25 free games. On the initial spin, all base game wins are awarded. Power Bets Both of the Power Bet options may be active at the same time. The additional cost of a one spin Power Bet is located near the activation button for each Power Bet and is displayed in the Bet Meter when activated. Rules that are different during a Power Bet in the base game and the Free Games Bonus are listed below. All General Rules apply to all Power Bets. Power Bet Feature 1 The Scatter Loot Link feature is initiated by landing 4 or more Scatter Symbol, Major Jackpot, Minor Jackpot, or Mini Jackpot symbols during a base game spin. These symbols are only awarded at the end of the feature. If the feature is not triggered due to landing less than 4 of these symbols, these symbols are not awarded. The player has 4 spins to land at least one Scatter Symbol, Row Increaser, Column Increaser, Surrounding Positions Increaser, Plus Sign Increaser, Corner Increaser, Major Jackpot, Minor Jackpot, or Mini Jackpot symbol on an active empty position or else the Scatter Loot Link ends with the exception being the random unlock that awards 1 additional spin. Any number of new Scatter Symbol, Row Increaser, Column Increaser, Surrounding Positions Increaser, Plus Sign Increaser, Corner Increaser, Major Jackpot, Minor Jackpot, or Mini Jackpot symbols will reset the spin counter to 4 total Scatter Loot Link spins remaining. Scatter Symbols may appear with the following values: 30, 60, 120, 180, 240, 300, 360, 480, 600, 900, 1200, and 1500 credits Jackpot pays are 3x that of the Base mode. Power Bet Feature 2 At any given time in the Base Game or Free Games Bonus, whenever a Wild Symbol lands, there is a greater random chance to trigger the Sonic Sevens Loot Link feature. The player has 3 spins to land at least one Sonic 7s Symbol, Row Increaser, Column Increaser, Surrounding Positions Increaser, Plus Sign Increaser, Corner Increaser symbol on an active empty position or else the Sonic Sevens Loot Link feature ends. Any number of new Sonic 7s Symbol, Row Increaser, Column Increaser, Surrounding Positions Increaser, Plus Sign Increaser, or Corner Increaser symbols will reset the spin counter to 3 total Sonic Sevens Loot Link spins remaining. Sonic Sevens Loot Link pays are 3x that of the Base mode Last modification date: 4/16/2025