Quadruple Da Vinci Diamonds Jackpot RTP: 95% VOLATILITY: 9.6 - LOW GAME RULES Malfunction voids all pays and play Line wins must appear on played lines. Line win symbols must appear on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Only the highest win is paid on each line. Line wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier. Scatter symbols award in any position on the reels. Wild symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols except the Free Games Bonus symbol. 1 Wild symbol substitutes for 4 Mona Lisa, Musician Portrait, or Lady Ermine symbols. 1 Wild symbol substitutes for 1 Red Ruby, White Pearl, Green Emerald, Yellow Jewel, or Blue Diamond symbol. Wild symbol appears only on reels 2, 3, and 4. All symbols in winning combinations disappear. The empty symbol positions are filled as symbols tumble from above. Afterwards, symbols are re-evaluated for new winning combinations. Reels continue to tumble until no winning symbol combinations are created as a result of the tumbling reels. FREE GAMES BONUS During the Base Game, 3 Free Games Bonus symbols appearing in any positions on reels 1, 2, and 3 starts the Free Games Bonus. 11 or 12 free games are awarded. Free Games Bonus symbol is a scatter symbol. Free Games Bonus symbols appears only on reels 1, 2, and 3. Free Games Wild symbol is wild substitutes for all symbols. 1 Free Games Wild symbol substitutes for 4 Free Games Mona Lisa, Free Games Musician Portrait, or Free Games Lady Ermine symbols. 1 Free Games Wild symbol substitutes for 1 Free Games Red Ruby, Free Games White Pearl, Free Games Green Emerald, Free Games Yellow Jewel, or Free Games Blue Diamond symbol symbol. Free Games Wild symbol appears only on reels 2, 3, and 4. The Free Games Bonus symbol uses different reels. Free games automatically play on the same lines at the same bet per line as the game that initiated the Free Games Bonus symbol. The Free Games Bonus symbol does not award additional free games. The Free Games Bonus ends when 0 free games remain. PROGRESSIVE JACKPOT The Jackpot Wheel spin is awarded when 3 [JP1] symbols land anywhere on the reels (not available in Bonus). The Jackpot Wheel consists of 3 jackpot values: a Minor Jackpot, a Major Jackpot, and a Grand Jackpot. Spinning the Jackpot Wheel will award one of the 3 Jackpot values. The Jackpot Progressive values may be accumulated across multiple games. Every hour the Minor Jackpot must hit and every 24 hour period the Major Jackpot must hit. Jackpot values are increased based on player wager contribution. Last modification date: 11/4/2025