Billionaire's Bank RTP: 96.0% VOLATILITIES: BASE GAME:13.5 – MEDIUM POWER BET 1: 18.3 –HIGH POWER BET 2: 12.9 – MEDIUM COMBO POWER BETS:13.0 – MEDIUM GAME RULES This game is played on 1024 ways. All 5 reels are always in play. Ways wins contain one symbol from each adjacent reel, beginning with the leftmost reel. The same symbol, or its substitute, in a different position on the same reel pays that ways win again. Only the highest win is paid for each ways symbol combination. Ways wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier. Scatter symbols award in any position on the reels. Only the highest win is paid for each scatter symbol combination. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total amount bet. Scatter wins are awarded in addition to ways wins. Wins are shown in credits unless marked as currency. When Scatter Pay Activator Symbol appears, all Scatter Pay Symbol values are awarded. Scatter Pay Activator Symbol has a chance to lock in place for up to the next 2 spins. The collection row consists of 6 empty positions that are filled by landing Collection Row Scatter Pay Symbol and/or Bonus Collection Row Scatter Pay Symbol. Collection Row Scatter Pay Symbol and Bonus Collection Row Scatter Pay Symbol values are only awarded if 6 or more are collected. If more than 6 are collected, any after the initial 6 collected are combined with the value in the right most position. After the initial collected Collection Row Scatter Pay Symbol or Bonus Collection Row Scatter Pay Symbol, the player has 3 spins to land at least one Collection Row Scatter Pay Symbol and Bonus Collection Row Scatter Pay Symbol on the reels or else the collection row is emptied. Any number of new Collection Row Scatter Pay Symbol or Bonus Collection Row Scatter Pay Symbols will reset the collection spin meter to 3 spins remaining to complete the collection. Scatter Pay Symbol and Bonus Scatter Pay Symbols may appear with the following values: 10, 20, 30, 40, 50, 60, 80, 100, 120, 160, 200, 300, or 400 credits. Collection Row Scatter Pay Symbol and Bonus Collection Row Scatter Pay Symbols may appear with the following values: 10, 20, 40, 60, 80, 100, 200, 300, 400, 500, 600, 800, or 1000 credits. Grand Jackpot Symbol does not appear in a base spin. Wild Symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols except Scatter Pay Activator Symbol, Bonus Scatter Pay Symbol, Bonus Collection Row Scatter Pay Symbol, Scatter Pay Symbol, Collection Row Scatter Pay Symbol, Major Jackpot Symbol, Minor Jackpot Symbol, and Mini Jackpot Symbols. Wild Symbol appears only on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5. Major Jackpot Symbol, Minor Jackpot Symbol, Mini Jackpot Symbol, Scatter Pay Symbol, Bonus Scatter Pay Symbol, Collection Row Scatter Pay Symbol, Bonus Collection Row Scatter Pay Symbols are scatter symbols. BILLIONAIRE’S LOOT LINK FEATURE The Feature is initiated by collecting 6 or more Collection Row Scatter Pay Symbol that includes a Bonus Collection Row Scatter Pay Symbol during a base game spin. The Feature begins with these 6 Collection Row Scatter Pay Symbol values in the collection row. They may be increased during the Feature as explained below. The Feature is played on a 24 position independent reels matrix: The player has 3 spins to land at least one Single Multiplier Symbol , Universal Multiplier Symbol , Persistent Multiplier Symbol , Triple Multiplier Symbol , Single Scatter Increase Symbol , Universal Scatter Increase Symbol , Persistent Scatter Increase Symbol , Universal Persistent Scatter Increase Symbol , Triple Scatter Increase Symbol, or Triple Persistent Scatter Increase Symbol on an active empty position or else the Feature ends. Any number of new Single Multiplier Symbol, Universal Multiplier Symbol, Persistent Multiplier Symbol, Triple Multiplier Symbol, Single Scatter Increase Symbol, Universal Scatter Increase Symbol, Persistent Scatter Increase Symbol, Universal Persistent Scatter Increase Symbol, Triple Scatter Increase Symbol, or Triple Persistent Scatter Increase Symbols will reset the spin counter to 3 total spins remaining. When the Feature ends the combined values on all Collection Row Scatter Pay Symbols are awarded followed by the application of any Persistent Multiplier Symbol values to the total at the end. Single Multiplier Symbol multiplies the Collection Row Scatter Pay Symbol directly above it by the value in the center of the Single Multiplier Symbol. Universal Multiplier Symbol multiplies all Collection Row Scatter Pay Symbol by the value in the center of the Universal Multiplier Symbol. Persistent Multiplier Symbol is a persistent symbol that starts at 1x and increments at the end of every spin by 1x. At the end of the Feature, any Collection Row Scatter Pay Symbol above a column containing Persistent Multiplier Symbol will be awarded the number of times the value in the center of the Persistent Multiplier Symbol. Triple Multiplier Symbol applies the multiplier value in the center of the Triple Multiplier Symbol to the left, right, and center Collection Row Scatter Pay Symbol positions above the symbol. Single Scatter Increase Symbol increases the Collection Row Scatter Pay Symbol directly above it by the value in the center of the Single Scatter Increase Symbol. Universal Scatter Increase Symbol increases all Collection Row Scatter Pay Symbol by the value in the center of the Universal Scatter Increase Symbol. Persistent Scatter Increase Symbol is a persistent symbol that will increase the Collection Row Scatter Pay Symbol directly above it by the value in the center of the Persistent Scatter Increase Symbol every spin. Universal Persistent Scatter Increase Symbol is a persistent symbol that will increase all Collection Row Scatter Pay Symbol by the value in the center of the Universal Persistent Scatter Increase Symbol every spin. Triple Scatter Increase Symbol applies the value in the center of the Triple Scatter Increase Symbol to the left, right, and center Collection Row Scatter Pay Symbol positions above the symbol. Triple Persistent Scatter Increase Symbol is a persistent symbol that will increase the Collection Row Scatter Pay Symbol to the left, right, and center positions by the value in the center of the Triple Persistent Scatter Increase Symbol every spin. Single Scatter Increase Symbol, Universal Scatter Increase Symbol, Persistent Scatter Increase Symbol, Universal Persistent Scatter Increase Symbol, Triple Scatter Increase Symbol, and Triple Persistent Scatter Increase Symbols may appear with the following values: 20, 40, 60, 100, 200, or 400 credits. Single Multiplier Symbol, Universal Multiplier Symbol, and Triple Multiplier Symbol all appear with a multiplier value of 2x. Only one Persistent Multiplier Symbol may appear on each column. Single Multiplier Symbol, Universal Multiplier Symbol, Persistent Multiplier Symbol, Triple Multiplier Symbol, Single Scatter Increase Symbol, Universal Scatter Increase Symbol, Persistent Scatter Increase Symbol, Universal Persistent Scatter Increase Symbol, Triple Scatter Increase Symbol, or Triple Persistent Scatter Increase Symbols are scatter symbols. LOOT LINK FEATURE The Feature is initiated by a Scatter Pay Activator Symbol and landing a Bonus Scatter Pay Symbol during a base game spin. Any Scatter Pay Symbol Collected with the Scatter Pay Activator Symbol will carry over into the Feature at the position of the Scatter Pay Activator Symbol on the matrix. Any Major Jackpot Symbol, Minor Jackpot Symbol, Mini Jackpot Symbol present during initiation will carry over into the Feature at their respective positions on the matrix. The Feature is played on a 40 position independent reels matrix, with 20 of the reels at the top of the matrix unlocked 5 at a time as follows: The 5 independent reels on the 4th row from the top are unlocked by accumulating 10 or more Scatter Pay Symbol, Major Jackpot Symbol, Minor Jackpot Symbol, or Mini Jackpot Symbols in the 20 active positions on the bottom 4 rows. The 5 independent reels on the 3rd row from the top are unlocked by accumulating 15 or more Scatter Pay Symbol, Major Jackpot Symbol, Minor Jackpot Symbol, or Mini Jackpot Symbols in the 25 active positions on the bottom 5 rows. The 5 independent reels on the 2nd row from the top are unlocked by accumulating 20 or more Scatter Pay Symbol, Major Jackpot Symbol, Minor Jackpot Symbol, or Mini Jackpot Symbols in the 30 active positions on the bottom 6 rows. The 5 independent reels on the top row are unlocked by accumulating 25 or more Scatter Pay Symbol, Major Jackpot Symbol, Minor Jackpot Symbol, or Mini Jackpot Symbols in the 35 active positions on the bottom 7 rows. The Grand Jackpot Symbol can only appear in the 5 independent reels on the top row. The player has 3 spins to land at least one Scatter Multiplier Symbol, Row Multiplier Symbol, Column Multiplier Symbol, Scatter Absorb Symbol, Scatter Pay Symbol, Scatter Additive Symbol, Grand Jackpot Symbol, Major Jackpot Symbol, Minor Jackpot Symbol, or Mini Jackpot Symbols on an active empty position or else the feature ends. Any number of new Scatter Multiplier Symbol, Row Multiplier Symbol, Column Multiplier Symbol, Scatter Absorb Symbol, Scatter Pay Symbol, Scatter Additive Symbol, Grand Jackpot Symbol, Major Jackpot Symbol, Minor Jackpot Symbol, or Mini Jackpot Symbols will reset the spin counter to 3 total spins remaining. When the feature ends the combined values on all symbols and jackpots will be awarded. Scatter Multiplier Symbol multiplies all scatter values in the 8 positions surrounding Scatter Multiplier Symbol by the value in the center of the symbol. Row Multiplier Symbol multiplies all scatter values in the current row by the value in the center of the Row Multiplier Symbol. Column Multiplier Symbol multiplies all scatter values in the current column by the value in the center of the Column Multiplier Symbol. Scatter Absorb Symbol absorbs all symbols in the 8 positions surrounding Scatter Absorb Symbol to combine the values into one value. Scatter Additive Symbol increases all scatter values in the 8 positions surrounding Scatter Additive Symbol by the value in the center of the symbol. Scatter Multiplier Symbol, Row Multiplier Symbol, and Column Multiplier Symbol may appear with multiplier values of 2x, 3x, 4x, and 5x. Scatter Pay Symbol and Scatter Additive Symbol may appear with the following values: 20, 40, 60, 80, 100, 200, 300, or 400 credits. Mini Jackpot Symbol awards 500 credits. Minor Jackpot Symbol awards 2000 credits. Major Jackpot Symbol awards 20000 credits. Grand Jackpot Symbol awards 50000 credits. Scatter Pay Symbol, Scatter Additive Symbol, Scatter Multiplier Symbol, Row Multiplier Symbol, Column Multiplier Symbol, Scatter Absorb Symbol, Grand Jackpot Symbol, Major Jackpot Symbol, Minor Jackpot Symbol, and Mini Jackpot Symbols are scatter symbols. POWER BET RULESS Both of the Power Bet options may be active at the same time. The additional cost of a one spin Power Bet is located near the activation button for each Power Bet and is displayed in the Bet Meter when activated. Rules that are different during a Power Bet in the base game and the Free Games Bonus are listed below. All General Rules apply to all Power Bets. POWER BET 1 FEATURE Scatter Pay Activator Symbol has a chance to lock in place for up to the next 4 spins. When enabled a special reel will appear to the right of the matrix with only Scatter Pay Symbols, increasing the chance to trigger the Loot Link Feature. The Loot Link Feature now also includes an extra column consisting of 8 independent reels. POWER BET 2 FEATURE When enabled the first 2 positions in the collection row will spin in Collection Row Scatter Pay Symbol values. If one or more additional Collection Row Scatter Pay Symbol lands on the reels, the first 2 Collection Row Scatter Pay Symbol in the collection row will lock in place. Single Scatter Increase Symbol , Universal Scatter Increase Symbol , Persistent Scatter Increase Symbol , Universal Persistent Scatter Increase Symbol , Triple Scatter Increase Symbol, and Triple Persistent Scatter Increase Symbol may appear with the following values: 20, 40, 60, 100, 200, 400, 500, or 600 credits. When the Billionaire’s Loot Link Feature is triggered, a random Persistent Multiplier Symbol is placed on one of the independent reels. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Last modification date: 10/30/2024