Triple Turducken GAME RULES Malfunction voids all pays and play Select Bet Multiplier Click the Spin button to spin the reel. Line wins must appear on played lines. Line win symbols must appear on adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Scatter symbols award in any position on the reels. The reels contain stacks of symbols that transform into one of the following symbols at the start of each game: Wild Symbol 1, High Pay 1, Double High Pay 1, Triple High Pay 1, High Pay 2, Double High Pay 2, High Pay 3, Double High Pay 3, Low Pay 1, Low Pay 2, Low Pay 3, Low Pay 4 All stacked symbol positions on a reel transform to the same symbol. Wild Symbol 1 is wild and substitutes for all symbols except Free Games Bonus symbol. 1 Wild Symbol 1 substitutes for 3 High Pay 1 symbols. 1 Wild Symbol 1 substitutes for 2 High Pay 2 and High Pay 3 symbols 1 Wild Symbol 1 substitutes for 1 Low Pay 1, Low Pay 2, Low Pay 3, or Low Pay 4 symbols. Free Games Rules During the base game, 3 or more Free Games Bonus symbols appearing in any position on the reels starts the Bonus Select. Awards 1 pick. The Bonus Select features 2 options. Bonuses triggered by 3 Free Games Bonus symbols feature the following options: 10 Free Games to be used in the Free Games Bonus or 2 Picks to be used in the Pumpkin Pie Pick Bonus Bonuses triggered by 4 Free Games Bonus symbols feature the following options: 15 Free Games to be used in the Free Games Bonus or 3 Picks to be used in the Pumpkin Pie Pick Bonus Bonuses triggered by 5 Free Games Bonus symbols feature the following options: 25 Free Games to be used in the Free Games Bonus or 5 Picks to be used in the Pumpkin Pie Pick Bonus The Bonus Select ends when a selection is made. The Free Games Bonus or the Pumpkin Pie Pick Bonus begins immediately afterwards. Free Games Wild Symbol 1 is wild and substitutes for all symbols except Free Games Bonus symbol. 1 Free Games Wild Symbol 1 substitutes for 3 Free Games High Pay 1 symbols. 1 Free Games Wild Symbol 1 substitutes for 2 Free Games High Pay 2 and Free Games High Pay 3 symbols 1 Free Games Wild Symbol 1 substitutes for 1 Free Games Low Pay 1, Free Games Low Pay 2, Free Games Low Pay 3, or Free Games Low Pay 4 symbols. The reels contain stacks of symbols that transform into one of the following symbols at the start of each game: Free Games Wild Symbol 1, Free Games High Pay 1, Free Games Double High Pay 1, Free Games Triple High Pay 1, Free Games High Pay 2, Free Games Double High Pay 2, Free Games High Pay 3, Free Games Double High Pay 3, Free Games Low Pay 1, Free Games Low Pay 2, Free Games Low Pay 3, Free Games Low Pay 4 All stacked symbol positions on a reel transforms to the same symbol The Pumpkin Pie Pick Bonus is triggered during the Bonus Select. The Pumpkin Pie Pick Bonus features 8 Pie Slices options. Choose Pie Slices to reveal an award The Pumpkin Pie Pick Bonus ends when 0 picks remain. Free Games Bonus uses different reels. Free Games Bonus are automatically played on the same lines at the same bet multiplier as the game that initiated the Free Spins. The Free Games Bonus does not award additional free games. The Free Games Bonus ends when 0 free games remain. Last modification date: 11/13/2024