The Green Machine Deluxe Vegas RTP: - 95.0% VOLATILITIES: BASE GAME: 9 – MEDIUM GAME RULES All 5 reels are always in play. Scatter symbols award in any position on a played reel. Wins are shown in credits unless marked as currency. BASE GAME During the base game, 1 or more Bonus Symbol appearing in any position on a played reel starts the Free Games Bonus. Bonus Symbol may appear with 1, 3, or 5 free spins displayed. Win the sum of the displayed free spins on all played reels. Scatter symbols appearing in any position on a played reel, with a credit value on it awards a scatter pay. Win the sum of the displayed credit values on all played reels. Win the sum of the displayed credit values on all played reels times the bet multiplier. FREE GAMES Win the sum of the displayed credit values on all played reels. Win the sum of the displayed credit values on all played reels times the bet multiplier. Free Games Bonus use different reels. Free Spins automatically play with the same reels activated as the game that initiated the Free Games Bonus. 1 or more Bonus Symbol appearing in any position on a played reel awards additional free spins. [FGBO1] may appear with 1, 3, or 5 free spins displayed. Win the sum of the displayed free spins on all played reels. The Free Games Bonus end when 0 free spins remain. JACKPOT RULES Landing a Mini Jackpot, Minor Jackpot, Major Jackpot, Mega Jackpot, or Grand Jackpot on a played reel awards the respective Jackpot Bonus. Landing a Mini Jackpot on a played reel awards 20 times the total bet. Landing a Minor Jackpot on a played reel awards 40 times the total bet. Landing a Major Jackpot on a played reel awards 200 times the total bet. Landing a Mega Jackpot on a played reel awards 400 times the total bet. Landing a Grand Jackpot on a played reel awards 1000 times the total bet. The Jackpot Bonus is available only during the base game. Mini Jackpot only appears on reel 1. Minor Jackpot only appears on reel 2. Major Jackpot only appears on reel 3. Mega Jackpot only appears on reel 4. Grand Jackpot only appears on reel 5. The Jackpots are not multiplied by any bet amount. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Last modification date: 11/19/2024