Hippy Days Hippy Days is a five-reel, 50-payline Gold Jackpot slot game with The Hippy Days Free Spins game and Expanding Wild feature. When the Butterfly logo wild symbol lands in view, it will randomly turn other symbols to wild. 3 or more scattered Hippy Days logo symbols appearing anywhere on the reels award the Hippy Days Free Spins game. The Hippy Days Free Spins game can be retriggered within free spins. Gold Jackpot: The 'Gold Jackpot' consists of four jackpots at different levels, which are - from the lowest to the highest - Gold Blitz Jackpot, Gold Quick Jackpot, Gold Super Jackpot and Gold Mega Jackpot. All four jackpots grow progressively as bets are made. For each spin on any of the Gold Jackpot games, the house adds a small credit to the four running jackpots. All four levels of Gold Jackpot can be won irrespective of hitting any paying combination, while betting any amount. A jackpot is triggered randomly. The larger the bet, the more chance to win a jackpot. Free spins cannot trigger jackpots. If there is a jackpot which has been triggered during the base game which also triggers Free Spins, then the jackpot feature is played and shown after the Free spins feature play. Information Betting limits are shown on the game screen Title bar. Game is played with 50 fixed lines. All symbols pay from left to right, except the scattered Hippy Days logo symbol which pays anywhere in view. All payouts are made according to the paytable. Pay line wins are multiplied by the amount bet per line and will be added to other payline wins. Only the highest win on each selected line will be paid. Coinciding wins on different selected lines will be added to your total. How to play Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet per line is set for all 50 lines. You can choose to increase or decrease the bet per line by using the ◄ and ► buttons available to the left and right of the 'BET' indicator. If your game balance drops below your total bet placed, the bet and lines will not get adjusted to the next possible bet, instead a Re-buy window will appear. If you have no funds in your account, the deposit option will pop up. 'LINES': Fifty lines are selected by default and the game will be played with 50 fixed lines. MAX BET: To play with MAX BET, click on 'MAX BET'. If your game balance is not sufficient, this option is disabled. All the 50 lines are multiplied by the 'bet per line', and the total bet amount is displayed in the 'TOTAL BET' meter, which is located at the bottom left of the game screen. PAYTABLE: The 'PAYTABLE' can be viewed by clicking on the 'PAYTABLE' button located beside the RULES button. You can go back to the game by clicking on the 'Back to Main' button. RULES: To view the game rules click on the RULES button that is located next to the PAYTABLE button. You can go back to the game by clicking on the 'Back to Main' button. Rules can also be viewed by clicking on the 'RULES' button from the paytable screen. SPIN: Click on SPIN to start spinning the reels. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on all the 50 lines will be paid according to the paytable. To calculate the line payout amount, multiply the respective symbol prize with the bet per line. To calculate the payout for scattered symbol, multiply the respective scattered symbol prize with the total bet. Result: Any wins are indicated by their paylines highlighted and symbols animating or, in the case of a scatter win, by their symbols animating. The individual payline wins are shown at the end of each winning line. PAID: Any Line win and/or Scatter win is shown in the ticker area under the five reels. Repeat Bet/Change Bet: If you have already bet, the settings selected will be automatically carried over to the subsequent spin if there is sufficient amount. Simply click on 'SPIN' to play with the same bet again. To change your bet, use the ◄ and ► buttons near the 'BET' indicator as explained above. TOTAL CREDIT: Your remaining game balance, after you have placed the desired bet, is shown in the 'TOTAL CREDIT' meter i.e. the current game balance minus the total bet placed. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed in the 'TOTAL CREDIT' meter and the 'TOTAL BET' meter. Jackpot feature game: The jackpot feature is triggered when you hit the jackpot. The main game screen will change, and the jackpot feature screen will open, allowing you to select six out of the nine available symbols to reveal the '$' signs, and see the level of jackpot awarded. When the jackpot feature game is completed, the main game screen is restored to its previous state. Your jackpot win will be credited to your Account balance immediately. If you hit multiple jackpots at the same time, the jackpot feature for each of the jackpots will be played consecutively. The current amount of all four jackpot levels is shown in the top right-hand corner of the game screen. Each jackpot is reset to its individual base value after any player hits that particular jackpot. The reset value of all the four jackpots is given below: Jackpot level Reset value Gold Mega Jackpot $500,000 USD Gold Super Jackpot $50,000 USD Gold Quick Jackpot $5,000 USD Gold Blitz Jackpot $500 USD The larger your wager, the higher your chances of winning the jackpot will be. 'AUTO SPIN': You can make use of this feature to choose amongst the various options for 'hands free' game play. Options available under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will automatically spin for the number of spins selected from the drop-down menu. You can choose any number of games and play until your balance is less than the total bet placed. Spin till win is equal to or exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount selected from the drop-down menu. Spin till any win: The game will automatically spin until the next win. Spin till feature trigger: The game will automatically spin until the next feature is triggered. Spin till my balance exceeds or equals to: The game will automatically spin until the game balance is greater than or equal to the amount entered. The entered amount should always be greater than the game balance. Note that 'game balance' implies the sum of the amounts given in the 'TOTAL CREDIT' meter and the 'TOTAL BET' meter. Spin till my balance falls below or equals to: The game will automatically spin until the game balance is less than or equal to the amount entered. The entered amount should always be less than the game balance. Note that 'game balance' implies the sum of the amounts given in the 'TOTAL CREDIT' meter and the 'TOTAL BET' meter. Play faster: This option lets you play faster than usual by reducing the break time. You must choose at least one of the other available Auto Spin options before selecting 'Play Faster'. To make use of the 'AUTO SPIN' feature, click on the 'AUTO SPIN' button available at the bottom right of the game screen. On the screen that opens up, select the checkboxes against the option(s) of your choice. Select from the drop-down menu wherever applicable. If the current game balance is not sufficient to support your choice of option(s), the 'BUY-IN' window pops up allowing you to buy in more credits from your Account. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Similarly, click on 'CANCEL' to skip the 'AUTO SPIN' feature and get back to the game screen. You can deactivate 'AUTO SPIN' by clicking on the 'STOP SPIN' button. If spin is in progress, 'AUTO SPIN' will be stopped after completing the current spin. Otherwise 'AUTO SPIN' is stopped immediately. When playing with multiple 'AUTO SPIN' options, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be ignored. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again, or choose new option(s), and proceed with the 'AUTO SPIN'. Please note: The 'AUTO SPIN' option is not available in play-money mode. Click on 'GAME LOGS' to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on 'GAME RULES' to view the detailed rules of the game as web page. Click on 'REBUY' to buy more credits into the game from your Account. Click on 'EXIT GAME' to leave the game and return to the Lobby. Click on 'QUICK DEPOSIT' button to deposit money into your Account. The game rules are identical in both real-money and play-money modes. The "GAME LOGS" and "REBUY" functionality is applicable only for the real-money game play. Game Rules Play 50 lines. LINES cannot be changed. BET amount can be changed by using the ◄ and ► buttons. SPIN begins the game with the currently selected BET and all 50 LINES. MAX BET selects the maximum bet for 50 lines. Payouts are displayed on the Paytable. Payline wins are multiplied by the amount bet per line. The highest win amount is paid on each selected Payline. Coinciding wins on different selected lines are all added to your total. Wild only appears on reels 1, 2 and 4 in the base game. Wild only appears on reels 1 and 2 in the free spins. Feature wins are added to the game balance. All symbols pay from left to right except the scattered Hippy Days logo symbol. All wins occur on pay lines, except the scattered Hippy Days logo symbol which appears anywhere in view. The wild symbol substitutes for all other symbols except scatters and works only in conjunction with all other symbols except scatters. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The Hippy Days Free Spins Game: When 3 or more Hippy Days logo scatter symbols land anywhere in view on the reels during base game or free spins, they will award the Hippy Days Free Spins game with a random number of Free spins and Free spins multipliers. The minimum and maximum number of free spins awarded in the base game ranges between 2 and 20 which are random. The maximum and minimum number of free spins awarded during re-trigger ranges between 2 and 15 which is random. The minimum and maximum multipliers awarded are 2 and 8. The Hippy Days Free Spins game can be re-triggered within the free spins. Extra free spins can be won when the feature is re-triggered. All free spins are played with the same bet as the triggering spin. All wins during free spins are multiplied by the free spins multiplier awarded. Once all the free spins are completed, normal game is restored. When Hippy Days Free Spins is triggered, payline win amount will be immediately credited to the game balance before starting the feature round. Amounts won during the free spins of the feature game will be added as and when they are won. Expanding Wild feature: The Expanding Wild feature will be triggered when any Butterfly logo wild symbol lands in view. A random amount of butterflies between 1 and 5 will fly from the game screen onto the reels and convert the rest of the symbols to wild. The number of wild conversion ranges between 1 and 3. If 1 wild symbol comes, then a maximum of three symbols can be converted to wild. If 2 wild symbols come, then a maximum of 2 symbols will be converted to wild. Finally after conversion there can be a maximum of 4 wild symbols in the screen and a minimum of 2 wild symbols. The butterflies will pass over the symbols and turn to wild and will then return to their original position within the game screen. Expanding Wild feature triggers both in base game and free games. Jackpot Feature Round The jackpot feature round is triggered every time you hit a jackpot. Only real-money bets contribute to the jackpot. Play the jackpot feature to find out which level of Gold Jackpot you have won. Any bet is eligible for the jackpot. The larger your wager is on each game, the higher your chance of winning the jackpot will be. Free spins cannot trigger jackpots. Choose six out of the nine available symbols to reveal the '$' signs. Each '$' sign awards one level of the Gold Jackpot: One '$' sign awards Gold Blitz Jackpot. Two '$' signs awards the Gold Quick Jackpot. Three '$' signs awards the Gold Super Jackpot. Four '$' signs awards the Gold Mega Jackpot. Click on the 'COMPLETE' button to restore the main game screen. If you win multiple jackpots, the jackpot feature for the next jackpot will start after clicking the 'COMPLETE' button. Rules Click on the 'RULES' button in the main game screen and the game will navigate to the Rules screen. Jackpot Rules Screen: Click on the 'Jackpot Rules' button in the Rules screen and the Rules screen will navigate to the Jackpot Rules screen. Paylines: Paytable Click on the 'PAYTABLE' button in the main game screen and the game will navigate to Paytable 1. Clicking on Paytable 2 will navigate to the corresponding screen. The theoretical return to player of this game is 91.75%. Last modification date: 11/3/2020