Mega Joker Poker Mega Joker Poker is played against the machine. The objective of the game is to obtain a five-card poker hand containing at least a pair of Kings or better, up to the maximum of a natural Royal Flush. See the 'paytable' below for more details. You place a bet, and the machine gives you five cards. You then choose the cards you want to hold, and the cards you want to discard. The machine replaces the cards you discard, leaving you with your final hand. You win according to the rank of your hand. top Information All suits (spades, hearts, clubs, and diamonds) have equal rank. The game is played with a single deck of 52 cards, plus one joker. The joker is a wild card, and substitutes for any other card to pay the maximum winning hand possible. The cards are shuffled at the start of every game. top How to play Bets are placed as coins in this game. The value of coins can be changed by clicking on up and down arrows on both sides of the 'COIN' symbol. There is a default bet when you enter the game. The betting limits are shown on the game screen title bar. The total bet amount is shown in the 'BET' box at the bottom of the game screen. The value of coin you are playing is shown on the 'COIN' symbol. There is a minimum and maximum coin value. The number of coins being played is shown in the 'COINS' box; you may play between one and five coins per hand. The number of coins can be increased by clicking on 'BET ONE' or by selecting the column in the paytable at the top of the screen. The number of coins being played is also indicated by highlighting the respective column in the paytable. The 'BET MAX' button automatically sets the machine to play five coins of your chosen coin value. Clicking on the 'BET MAX' button also automatically starts the next game. PAYTABLE - The machine pays out as per the paytable shown at the top of the game screen. The prizes shown in the paytable are in coins and each column corresponds to the number of coins bet (one coin to five coins). The total win amount is the number of coins won multiplied by the coin value. The total win amount is shown in the 'WIN' box. In the event of your win, the relevant row in the payout table will be highlighted, indicating the hand strength and the coins won. For example should you play two coins at $5 and get a Flush, the paytable will highlight the second column and the flush row showing that you have won 12 coins. At $5 a coin you win $60. Click 'DEAL' to receive five cards face-up. You now have a choice to hold one or more cards in your initial hand. Clicking on a card will place a 'HOLD' symbol on that card. To remove the 'HOLD' symbol, click on the card again. After making your selection, click 'DRAW'. The cards that are not held will be replaced, leaving you with your final hand. Your win is based on the combination of the final set of cards, according to the paytable shown at the top of the game screen. Your winnings are shown as dollars and cents in the 'WIN' box at the bottom right of the game window. Your game balance is shown at the bottom left of the game screen. See below for more detail on 'REBUY'. The default bet for the next game is the same as the amount bet in the previous one. You can choose to increase or decrease your bet as you wish. If your game balance falls below the last bet placed, the system will automatically decrease the bet allowing you to continue playing. If your game balance falls below the minimum allowed bet, the 'Buy-in' window pops up, allowing you to buy in more credits from your account. Click on the 'RULES' button at the bottom left of the game screen to view the game rules. Click on the 'GAMELOGS' button to view the logs of the games you have played. Click on 'VERSION' to view the current version number of the game. Click on 'REBUY' to buy in more credits to the game balance from your account. To exit the game, click on 'EXIT GAME'. top Paytable The paytable lists the prizes for winning hands. Only the highest winning hand is paid. All prizes shown in the paytable are shown in coins. The 'WIN' box at the bottom right of the game screen will show all prizes paid in dollars and cents. Paytable Based on One Coin Played Poker hands Number of coins paid Description of hand Natural Royal Flush 400 (4,000 coin jackpot with five coins played) A, K, Q, J, 10 of the same suit, without using the wild card. Five of a Kind 200 Four cards of the same rank, plus the wild card joker). Wild Royal Flush 100 A, K, Q, J, 10 of the same suit, using the wild card. Straight Flush 50 Five cards of the same suit in sequence. Four of a Kind 15 Four cards of the same rank. Full House 8 Three of a kind plus a pair. Flush 6 Five cards of the same suit. Straight 3 Five cards in sequence (Ace can be low or high). Three of a Kind 2 Three cards of the same rank. Two Pair 1 Two pairs each of different rank. Kings or better 1 A pair of Kings or better. top I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Gamelogs' button once you have logged back in. Malfunctions Voids all Pays and Plays. top Last modification date: 3/29/2018