100000 Pyramid Introduction Keep your eye on the Winner's Circle! Fifteen paylines means fifteen opportunities to win up to 100,000x your line bet while enjoying fantastic game show fun in The 100,000 Pyramid™. Score three or more Winner's Circle symbols anywhere on the reels to start the bonus excitement. Climb the iconic Pyramid to earn bonus multipliers and additional free spins in the Free Spins Bonus round. How to Bet The 100,000 Pyramid™ features 15 paylines. You can choose how much to bet per line and how many lines to play. You can also use Auto Spin to play the game for you. LINE BET Displays current bet per line shown in currency. Click the left arrow (with a minus sign) to decrease bet per line. Click the right arrow (with a plus sign) to increase bet per line. Clicking the left and right arrows does not necessarily decrease or increase your line bet in a linear fashion. Rather, your line bet decreases or increases at preset increments which represent the most popular bet amounts. SPIN Click to spin the reels and submit your bet. LINES Displays current number of paylines selected. Click the left arrow (with a minus sign) to decrease the number of paylines played. Click the right arrow (with a plus sign) to increase number of paylines played. Choose between 1, 3, 5, 9, or 15 paylines. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of games at the current number of lines and line bet. Once you have selected your desired number of lines and line bet, click AUTO SPIN and choose how many games you want to play. Auto Spin will keep playing the specified number of games until you click the STOP button, you trigger a Bonus, or your balance is insufficient to spin again. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Winner's Circle Pyramid Bonus Get 3 or more Winner's Circle Bonus symbols anywhere on the reels to trigger the Winner's Circle Bonus. The Winner's Circle Pyramid allows you to build up the number of free spins and the size of the bonus multiplier that you will enjoy in the Free Spins Bonus. You start off with a free spins count of 2, a bonus multiplier of 1x and a pick count of 5 in the Winner's Circle Pyramid. Begin the bonus by clicking any spot on the lowest level of the Pyramid. A spot may contain either a number of additional free spins or a multiplier boost value. It may sometimes also contain an extra pick or an advance arrow that takes you to the next level of the Pyramid. You may keep picking until you run out of picks or you reach the top of the Pyramid. When you can pick no more spots, the Pyramid will reveal the remaining spots (which are not earned). Triggering the Winner's Circle Bonus with 4 or 5 Winner's Circle Bonus symbols respectively increases the number of advance arrows and extra picks available. Free Spins Bonus After you finish picking and the Pyramid is revealed, you go to the Free Spins Bonus. In the Free Spins Bonus, you get to play your free spins on the super rich bonus reels with the multiplier you earned. All pays are multiplied by your bonus multiplier except for the top award (Wild-Wild-Wild-Wild-Wild). 3 or more Winner's Circle symbols award a scatter pay instead of triggering another bonus. Options Graphics Quality Adjust the quality of the graphics to get the optimal animation performance. BEST mode - Graphics look best, but performance may suffer. HIGH mode (default) - Optimal graphics and performance setting. MEDIUM mode - Lower quality but increased performance. LOW mode - Degraded graphics, but smoothest animation performance is achieved even on slower computers. Rules Malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. All payline wins occur on bet lines only. Only highest winner paid on each payline. Only one award paid per payline. Line wins are multiplied by the line bet on the winning line. Coinciding wins on different paylines are added. Awards are shown in currency. In the Free Spins Bonus, 3 or more Winner's Circle symbols award a scatter pay instead of triggering another bonus. In the Free Spins Bonus, all pays multiplied by bonus multiplier except the top award (Wild-Wild-Wild-Wild-Wild). Regardless of your bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the Free Spins Bonus plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the Bonus, the Bonus may end early before all free spins have been completed. The theoretical return to player of this game is 95.04% Additional Information In addition to the features described in the How To Bet, the Controls Bar on the bottom of the game screen displays the current balance in the chosen currency, the amount paid if a win occurs, and the amount bet on the last/current proposition. The theoretical return to player of this game is 95.03% TM & © 2010 Columbia TriStar Domestic Television, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright © 2010 IGT. All rights reserved. Last modification date: 12/21/2021