5 Hand Blackjack How to Bet Press the chip selector in the lower-left corner to select a chip value. Press one or more bet spots on the table to place a bet. The following commands are available during the game: DEAL - Press to begin a game. Place the minimum bet in order to play. DOUBLE BET - Press to double the current bet. REBET - Press after a game to place the previous bet. REBET & DEAL - Press to place the previous bet and begin a new game with one touch. CLEAR - Press to remove all bets from the table. UNDO - Press to remove the last-placed bet from the table. REBET X2 & DEAL - Press after a game to double the previous bet and begin a new game with one touch. How to Play 5 Hand Blackjack In 5 Hand Blackjack, the goal is to beat the Dealer's hand. Player's hand has a value that is determined by combining the values of its cards. All face cards are worth 10, Aces are worth 1 or 11, and all other cards are worth their face value. If the value of a hand exceeds 21, that hand is a "bust" and automatically loses. Aces are worth 11 unless that would cause the hand to bust. Getting a Blackjack Initial cards are dealt to the player (on any bet spot where bets were placed) and the Dealer. The Dealer receives one face-up card and one face-down card. If the two initial cards equal a sum of 21, that hand is a "Blackjack". Blackjack Insurance The game offers Blackjack insurance when the Dealer's face-up card is an Ace. If the Player accepts the Insurance bet offer, another bet equal to half the main bet is placed before the Dealer's hand is checked for Blackjack. If the Dealer's face-up card is a 10-value card, the Dealer's face-down card is checked without any Insurance bet offer. Playing a Hand If neither the Player nor the Dealer have Blackjack, attempt to improve the outcome by playing out the hand. Depending on the cards that were dealt, choose from the following commands: HIT - Press to draw another card for this hand. Choose to continue drawing cards until the hand value becomes 21 or more. Or, choose to stand and receive no more cards. If the hand value becomes 21, the hand automatically stands. If the hand busts, all bets placed on that hand are forfeited. STAND - Press to take no more cards for this hand. SPLIT - This command is available if the first two cards in the hand are the same value. Press to split the cards into two separate hands and place an additional bet equal to the main bet. Split Aces receive only one card per split hand. DOUBLE DOWN - This command is available if the sum of first two cards of any hand is 10 or 11. Press to double the main bet and draw exactly one more card. Double Down on the first two cards of a split hand, except for split Aces. SURRENDER - This command is available only when the first two cards are dealt and the Dealer does not have Blackjack. Press to surrender half the bet and end the hand. When play is finished on the player’s hand, the Dealer reveals the face-down card and draws until the value of the hand is 17 or higher. If the Dealer's hand value exceeds 21, the Dealer busts and all non-busted hands win. Otherwise, the Dealer's hand is compared to each non-busted hand. When comparing hands, only the highest values that are less than 21 are used for each hand. All winning hands pay 1 to 1. In the case of a tie, the bet for that hand "pushes" and is returned. Side bets - Straight 2 Flush & Upcard Luck This variant of Blackjack uses the standard rules, but with two exciting side bets. The first bet is mandatory, meaning the player must place bets on the Blackjack spot to be able to place the bets on the side bets. Side bet - Straight 2 Flush Straight 2 Flush is an optional bet based on the player's first two cards, plus the dealer's up card. Side bet - Upcard Luck Upcard Luck is an optional bet based on the player's first two cards, plus the dealer's up card. To win, the dealer must have an up- card of 2 to 7. Settings All Sounds OFF - Sound in the game turns off. ON - Sound in the game turns on. Background music OFF - Background music in the game turns off. ON - Background music in the game turns on. Effects OFF - Sound effects in the game turns off. ON - Sound effects in the game turns on. Voiceover OFF - Voiceover in the game turns off. ON - Voiceover in the game turns on. Safety Net - Enable/Disable (on/off) the safety net that displays a warning at an attempt to hit on a soft 20 or on a hard 17 and above. Low Stand - Enable/Disable (on/off) the low stand that displays a warning at an attempt to stand on a hard 10 and below. Insurance YES - Offers the Insurance bet whenever the Dealer's face-up card is an Ace. NO - Insurance bet is never offered. BLACKJACK ONLY - Offers the Insurance bet only when player has Blackjack. Card Animation NORMAL - Normal speed of card animations. FAST - Fast speed of card animations (default). OFF - Turbo speed skips card animations. Other Rules Dealer must draw on 16. Dealer must hit on soft 17's and stand on hard 17's. This includes soft values where an Ace is worth 11. Only one split per hand allowed. Player may draw a maximum of eight cards for any hand. An eight-card Player hand automatically wins, regardless of the Dealer's subsequent hand outcome. Cards are dealt from two decks of standard playing cards, shuffled for each game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 11/26/2024