7s Wild GAME RULES Jump into the game with the bonus that drives your 7s Wild! This 5-reel game brings together the best of traditional and modern slot games, with frequent bonus hits and paylines that pay left-to-right and right-to-left. Trigger the Free Spins Bonus when five 7s appear on the reels. Earn five free spins where the 7s are wild, increasing the chances for even wilder wins! How To Bet Auto Spin Feature Free Spins Bonus Rules Additional Information HOW TO BET 7s Wild features 5 paylines. LINE BET Displays the current bet per line shown in currency. Press the left arrow (–) to decrease the bet per line. Press the right arrow (+) to increase the bet per line. LINES Displays the current number of paylines selected. Press the left arrow (–) to decrease the number of paylines played. Press the right arrow (+) to increase the number of paylines played. SPIN Press to submit the bet and spin the reels. AUTO SPIN FEATURE Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current line bet and number of paylines selected. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN, and choose how many games to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until the STOP button is pressed, a bonus is triggered, or until the balance is insufficient to spin again. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. FREE SPINS BONUS Five 7s appearing anywhere on the reels award the player five free spins. During the Free Spins Bonus all 7s are wild. The bonus does not retrigger. Free spins are played at the same line bet as the triggering spin. RULES Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left or far right reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the line bet on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the Free Spins Bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. • The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. Intellectual Property All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of IGT in the U.S. and/or other countries. © 2016 IGT. All rights reserved. RTP-94.04% Last modification date: 2/25/2025