9 Pearls of Fortune 9 Pearls of Fortune™ Game Rules 1. Overview The goal is to obtain a winning combination on a winning line spread across the reels. Game specifications : Type Slots Number of reels 5 Number of rows 3 Number of lines 20 (cannot be changed) Number of coins you can bet 1 - per line (cannot be changed) Progressive No Double feature No Auto spin feature Yes Wild symbols Yes Multiplier symbols No Scatter symbols Yes (Pearl Symbols) Bonus round No Free spins Bonus buy Yes Yes(where applicable) 50x total bet Instant win Yes RTP Normal Game:94.00% Bonus Buy: 94.49% The game disconnects if you do not take any actions for a specific number of consecutive minutes (this number varies depending on jurisdiction); the session recovery feature will save the game progress so that the next time the game is loaded, you can continue where you left off. In the event of technical difficulties resulting in a dropped connection to the game server, the game you were playing is saved automatically and will load the next time you establish a connection to the game server. You will not be able to reconnect to the game server for the first 30 seconds after the disconnection. Note : In case of malfunction all pays and play are voided; any bet that was not yet accepted will be voided, any bet that was unsettled will be refunded. 2. How to Play Note: If you do not have enough money to play a game, the bet can be set to the minimum selectable amount through a dialog window informing about this. All winning lines pay from left to right, beginning with the far-left reel. All line win symbols must appear on consecutive reels. Wins on different lines are all added. Only the highest winning combination on each line is paid.Winnings from Free Spins are added to the total win. The auto spin feature does not automatically start free spins - player input is required (Available only for specific jurisdictions). On the info bar, you can view the current BET, your BALANCE and your current WIN, displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 2.1. Desktop version To play, follow these steps: Click on the main screen, and then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value. Click to save the settings and return to the main screen. Note: The total BET is displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). Click to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won will be shown in the WIN field from the info bar, in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 2.2. Mobile version To play, follow these steps: Tap on the main screen, then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value. Tap to save the settings and return to the main screen. Note: The total BET is displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won will be shown in the WIN field from the info bar, in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. To toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 3. Special Symbols and Features 3.1. Wild The Wild symbol replaces any other symbols, except the Pearl & Free spins symbols, to form winning combinations. Note : If no specific payouts for Wild are displayed in the pay table, a combination formed exclusively with Wild will pay just like the highest paying symbol, if that combination is the highest winning combination on a way. 3.2. Pearl Respins Landing 3 Pearl symbols anywhere on reels 2, 3 or 4 in both paid and Free Spins, will trigger the Pearl Respin . 1 Free Respin will be awarded and if any further Pearl symbols lands the respin will reset and spin again. The respin ends when either no further Pearl lands or spaces on reels 2, 3 and 4 have been filled with Pearls (max 9). An instant prize is awarded for the total amount of Pearls that have landed via the paytable on screen. Values during paid spins for Pearls Respins prizes are: 1x, 3x, 5x, 10x, 25x,50x, 100x total bet. During Free Spins , these values will be multiplied with the current Free Spin ’ s multiplier. Pearl symbols can only land on reels 2, 3 and 4, reels 1 and 5 will not be active during the Pearl Respin . 3.3. Free Spins Feature Landing 3 Free Spin symbols on reels 1, 3 & 5 will trigger the Free Spins Feature . Wheel will appear showing the number of spins (10, 12 or 15) and multipliers (x2, x3 or x5) that can be awarded. The multiplier will apply to all wins during Free Spins (including Pearl Respins feature). Free Spins cannot be re-triggered. Free Spins Wheel : Note: The wheel does not represent a real device or physics, so segments selected may not have the same probabilities. 3.4. Bubbly Modifier On any paid spin the reels will fill with bubbles for a possibility to award Free Spins or Pearl Respins feature. 3.5. Bonus Buy Buy the Bonus for 50x stake for guaranteed entry into Free Spins . The Bonus Buy will guarantee 3 Free Spins symbols with no other wins. 3.6. Win Cap The maximum total win in a single game is capped at 15,000 coins. Any wins shown and played in the background after the win cap is applied on a single game are not awarded. Wins after the win cap will be shown as 0 in the Game History. If the win cap is reached during Free Spins or Respins, the feature will end regardless of spins remaining. Note : History application keys Respins_Left= Respins remaining Respins_Played= Respins played Free_Spins_Left= Free Spins remaining Free_Spins_Played= Free Spins played Free_Spins_Trigger_Count,Free_Spins_Trigger_Symbols, Bonus= Free Spins Respins_Trigger_Symbols= Pearl Respins Respins_Symbols= Pearl Respins symbols Multiplier= Multiplier free_spins_winning= Free Spins Win Free_Spins_Multiplier= Multiplier Free Spins WIN_CAP_REACHED|750xTB= Win cap Bonus_buy_entered= Bonus Buy index 4. Other game buttons 4.1. Desktop version The following buttons are available: Click this button to toggle the game sound on or off. Click this button to open the PAYOUTS tab, where you can view several screens: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in either credit or your real currency - to toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area. information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts, or specific awards; basic game rules. To navigate among the various screens in the PAYOUTS tab, click on the left and right arrows at the bottom of the screen. RULES In the last of the screens from the PAYOUTS tab, click this button to view detailed game rules, in a new browser window. (in real mode only) This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Click on it to view the gameplay history, in a new browser window. This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Click on it to close the game and to open the home website, in the same browser window. (available while the reels are spinning) Click this button to stop the reels earlier. (available during winning animations) Click this button to skip the winning animations. (available only for specific jurisdictions) Click this button to activate Turbo mode. The Turbo mode speeds up the gameplay - the spin time is reduced to a minimum. 4.2. Mobile version The following buttons are available: Tap this button to toggle the game sound on or off. Tap this button to open the PAYOUTS tab, where you can view several screens: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in either credit or your real currency - to toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area. information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts, or specific awards; basic game rules. To navigate among the various screens in the PAYOUTS tab, tap on the left and right arrows at the bottom of the screen. RULES In the last of the screens from the PAYOUTS tab, tap this button to view detailed game rules, in a new browser window. (in real mode only) This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap on it to view the gameplay history in a new browser window. This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap on it to close the game and to open the home website, in the same browser window. (available while the reels are spinning) Tap this button to stop the reels earlier. (available during winning animations) Tap this button to skip the winning animations. (available only for specific jurisdictions) Tap this button to activate Turbo mode. The Turbo mode speeds up the gameplay - the spin time is reduced to a minimum. index 5. Auto spin feature The loss limit setting allows stopping the auto spin feature automatically when the selected limit, plus your cumulative winnings, and minus your cumulative bets, is less than 0. 5.1. Desktop version Click the AUTO SPIN button to open the AUTO SPIN settings window where you can set up the following: Number of auto spins : click + or - to select the number of auto spins to play. Loss limit : click + or - to select the value of the loss limit; Stop if a win reaches : click + or - to select the value of the maximum win; Stop if JACKPOT is won (only for games with Progressive Jackpots): to enable this setting, tick the checkbox ; to disable it, remove the tick. Click the ACTIVATE button to close the AUTO SPIN settings window and to start the auto spin feature with the currently selected bet and auto spin setup. Click the CLOSE button to close the window without starting the auto spin feature. Click the STOP AUTO SPIN button to stop the auto spin feature at any time. 5.2. Mobile version Tap the AUTO SPIN button to open the AUTO SPIN settings window where you can set up the following: Number of auto spins : tap + or - to select the number of auto spins to play. Loss limit : tap + or - to select the value of the loss limit; Stop if a win reaches : tap + or - to select the value of the maximum win; Stop if JACKPOT is won (only for games with Progressive Jackpots): to enable this setting, tick the checkbox ; to disable it, remove the tick. Tap the ACTIVATE button to close the SPIN settings window and to start the auto spin feature with the currently selected bet and auto spin setup. Tap the CLOSE button to close the window without starting the auto spin feature. Tap the STOP AUTO SPIN button to stop the auto spin feature at any time. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Last modification date: 1/9/2024