Apollo Rising Lift off to the stars and beyond with Apollo Rising ! Propel yourself into an atmosphere filled with celestial wins and out-of-this-world Wilds. Let your payouts soar to new heights with 100 paylines and reels that are 8 symbols high. The Rising Respins feature fills entire reels with massive Wild rockets any time a Rising Respins Trigger symbol appears anywhere on a reel. Each Wild reel is guaranteed to lock in place for at least one free respin and possibly more! How to Bet Auto Spin Feature Rising Respins Feature Rules Additional Information How to Bet Apollo Rising features 100 paylines for 100 coins. 100 LINES Displays the current number of coins being played. Betting is fixed at 100 paylines which costs 100 coins. COIN VALUE Displays the current coin value shown in currency. Press the left arrow (–) to decrease the coin value. Press the right arrow (+) to increase the coin value. Spin Button Press to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current coin value. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until the STOP button is pressed, a bonus is triggered, or the balance is insufficient to spin again. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Rising Respins Feature On any spin in the base game, a Rising Respins Trigger symbol can land on reels 2, 3, or 4. When a Rising Respins Trigger symbol lands on a reel, it turns that entire reel Wild. A number of free respins are awarded equal to the number of Rising Respins Trigger symbols that land on the reels during the triggering spin. All reels that have transformed into Wild reels remain Wild during free respins. During free respins, Rising Respins Trigger symbols can land on reels that have not transformed. When this happens, additional free respins are awarded equal to the number of Rising Respins Trigger symbols that land during the triggering free respin. Additional free respins retain all Wild reels that have previously turned Wild. A player can obtain a maximum of 3 free respins in a row with the Rising Respins feature. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. Line wins pay left to right. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the coin value. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Rising Respins Trigger symbol appears on reels 2, 3, and 4 only. The Rising Respins feature turns the entire reel Wild on which a Rising Respins Trigger symbol lands Free respins are awarded during the Rising Respins feature equal to the number of Rising Respins Trigger symbols that land on the triggering spin. All transformed Wild reels remain Wild during free respins. Additional free respins can be won during the free respins when Rising Respins Trigger symbols land on a non-transformed reel. The additional number of free respins is equal to the number of additional Rising Respins Trigger symbols that land. Reels that are not transformed into Wild reels during the Rising Respins feature are the same as the reels used in the base game. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the Rising Respins feature free Respins plus the outcome which launched the feature. If the award cap is reached in the free respins, the free respins end immediately, even if there are remaining free respins. Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given spin of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next spin are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of spins by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. The theoretical return to player of this game is 96.33% Intellectual Property: All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of IGT in the U.S. and/or other countries. © 2015 IGT. All rights reserved. Last modification date: 12/22/2021