Arthur Pendragon The medieval treasures of Camelot await you in Arthur Pendragon ! King Arthur stands ready to share the spoils with those who are worthy – this 4-high symbol increases the chances for even more magical wins. Collect Grail symbols to release the Wild Stays Charges Then Pays feature, where Grails charge their symbol position and turn wild on the 10th spin. Trigger the Free Spins Bonus and choose your number of free spins and number of Random Wild symbols, with guaranteed Random Wild symbols on each spin in the bonus! How to Bet Arthur Pendragon features 40 paylines. Bet Configuration Menu Press the cog or TOTAL BET to open the bet configuration menu. Coins Displays the current number of coins being played. Coin Value Displays the current coin value shown in currency. To change the bet: Select the desired total bet. On desktop devices, optionally press the minus button (–) to decrease the total bet, or press the plus button (+) to increase the total bet. Press OK to confirm and close the bet configuration menu. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current coin value. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Synchronised Reels Feature Each reel in Arthur Pendragon includes large stacks of the same symbol. Before each spin, a reel set with one of the stacked symbols is randomly selected. Any symbol may appear in any stack, except the Bonus scatter symbol. The same symbol may appear in large stacks on multiple reels on the same spin. Wild Stays Charges Then Pays Feature Each time a Grail symbol appears on the reels in the base game, its frame is locked on the reels in batches of 10 rounds. On 10th round, the Wild Stays Charges Then Pays feature activates and all Golden Frames are transformed to Wild symbols. The reels are then evaluated and all wins are paid. The reels are reset and all Golden Frames are removed on the following spin. Golden Frames are remembered separately for each bet level. Free Spins Bonus The Free Spins Bonus is triggered when three or more Bonus scatter symbols appear anywhere on the reels. These symbols can be found on every reel. Choose from the three options displayed in the picker. The options available depend on how many Bonus symbols appear on the reels when the bonus was triggered. 3 Bonus Symbols 4 Bonus Symbols 5 Bonus Symbols 15 free spins with 5 random Wild Symbols 30 free spins with 5 random Wild Symbols 45 free spins with 5 random Wild Symbols 10 free spins with 7 random Wild Symbols 20 free spins with 7 random Wild Symbols 30 free spins with 7 random Wild Symbols 5 free spins with 10 random Wild Symbols 10 free spins with 10 random Wild Symbols 15 free spins with 10 random Wild Symbols The Free Spins Bonus is retriggered when three or more Bonus scatter symbols appear anywhere on the reels. Retriggering the Free Spins Bonus awards another selection from the picker at the end of the current set of spins. The reels in the Free Spins Bonus are richer than the base game reels. The Free Spins Bonus can be retriggered up to 4 times. Free spins are played at same coin value as the triggering spin. Options All Sound Toggle game sounds on or off. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far-left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the coin value on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Bonus scatter symbols appear in the base game and in the Free Spins Bonus . Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there may be an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent, except in cases where one spin unlocks a feature for a subsequent spin or series of spins, per the game rules. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given spin of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next spin are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of spins by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. RTP:-96.43% Intellectual Property © 2021 IGT. The trademarks and/or service marks used herein are either trademarks or registered trademarks of IGT, its affiliates or its licensors. Last modification date: 4/12/2022