Roulette Classic 1. Overview In American Roulette, you try to predict the number slot where the ball will stop. The American version of Roulette has two zeros and offers more betting possibilities than the European Roulette. 2. General Specifications Note : The values of the chips are expressed in your currency. For example, if your currency is EURO, the value of the 0.1 chip means 0.1 EURO. Roulette type: American Roulette RTP: 94.74% for all bets except "0, 00, 1, 2, 3 bet" 92.11% for "0, 00, 1, 2, 3 bet" The game disconnects if you do not take any actions for a specific number of consecutive minutes (this number varies depending on jurisdiction); the session recovery feature will save the game progress so that the next time the game is loaded, you can continue where you left off. In the event of technical difficulties resulting in a dropped connection to the game server, the game you were playing is saved automatically and will load the next time you establish a connection to the game server. You will not be able to reconnect to the game server for the first 30 seconds after the disconnection. Note : In case of malfunction all pays and play are voided; any bet that was not yet accepted will be voided, any bet that was unsettled will be refunded. 3. Types of bet 3.1. Inside Bets Straight Up - 1 number - Pays 35:1 - You can bet on any number, including 0 and 00, by placing chips directly on a number. Split - 2 numbers - Pays 17:1 - You can bet on two numbers using the same wager by placing a chip on the line that separates the two numbers. Split 0 - 2 numbers - Pays 17:1 - You can bet on combinations such as 0+1 and 00+3, using the same wager, by placing a chip on the line that separates the 0 and 00 from the other numbers. Street - 3 numbers - Pays 11:1 - You can bet on three numbers using the same wager by placing chips on the exterior top borderline of the Roulette table - above the 3, 6, 9, 12, 15, 18, 21, 24, 27, 30, 33 and 36 roulette table numbers. Note: For Mobile (portrait) version you can bet by placing chips on the exterior right borderline on the Roulette table - on the right of the 3, 6, 9, 12, 15, 18, 21, 24, 27, 30, 33 and 36 roulette table numbers. Trio - 3 numbers - Pays 11:1 - You can bet using the same wager on the intersecting point between 0/1/2, 0/00/2 or 00/2/3. Corner - 4 numbers - Pays 8:1 - You can place a bet on four numbers at a time using the same wager, by placing chips on the corners where the four numbers meet. E.G.: the central point that the roulette numbers 4, 5, 7, and 8 meet. Top Line - 0, 00, 1, 2 and 3 - Pays 6:1 - You can bet on 0+00+1+2+3 using the same wager by placing chips on the exterior point where numbers 00 and 3 meet. Six Line - 6 numbers - Pays 5:1 - You can place a Six Line bet (meaning six different numbers in two adjacent rows of three numbers each - called streets), using the same wager, by placing chips on the exterior top border line where the line iding the two streets is cut. 3.2. Outside Bets Column - 12 numbers - Pays 2:1 - At the bottom of each of the three number columns, there is a box tagged “2 to 1”. You can bet on any of the three columns by placing chips on the “2 to 1” tagged boxes. You win if the extracted roulette number is on the column you had placed a bet. The wins are paid according to a 2:1 ratio; 0 and 00 are a losing number. Dozen - 12 numbers - Pays 2:1 - You can bet on a group of twelve numbers by placing chips on one of the three boxes marked “1st 12”, “2nd 12”, or “3rd 12”. If one of your 12 numbers is the number where the Roulette ball has stopped, you are paid according to a ratio of 2:1; 0 and 00 are a losing number. Red - 18 numbers - Pays 1:1 - A bet in the box marked with a red diamond. The 0 and 00 are not included. Black - 18 numbers - Pays 1:1 - A bet in the box marked with a black diamond. The 0 and 00 are not included. Even - 18 numbers - Pays 1:1 - A bet in the box marked with "EVEN". The 0 and 00 are not included. Odd - 18 numbers - Pays 1:1 - A bet in the box marked with "ODD". The 0 and 00 are not included. First half - 18 numbers - Pays 1:1 - A bet in the box marked with "1 to 18". The 0 and 00 are not included. Second half - 18 numbers - Pays 1:1 - A bet in the box marked with "19 to 36". The 0 and 00 are not included. 4. How to play The American Roulette wheel is marked with numbers ranging from 1 to 36 and of alternating color – red and black – and a green ‘0’ and '00'. Note: The table limits displayed on the roulette table are related to the Straight Up bet (MIN, MAX). On the info bar located under the main game buttons, you can view the current BALANCE, your BET and your current WINNINGS, in your currency. Recent Numbers: The History panel on the upper left corner of the screen shows the last 8 numbers where the roulette ball has stopped. The order is from right to left meaning newest to oldest. Hot Numbers: The panel on the upper right corner of the screen shows the three HOT numbers (most frequent numbers, from up to 500 spins). Placing the mouse pointer over a number on the roulette table highlights that number. Different numbers and/or different number combinations can be highlighted on different parts of the table. Example: If you place the mouse pointer over a number, that number is highlighted and if you place the mouse pointer on the line between two numbers, both numbers are highlighted (‘split bet’). The number where the ball stops is highlighted. In addition, the outside bets sections to which that number belongs are also highlighted. To play, follow these steps: Step 1 Click the desired chip stack. Once you select a chip value, it remains selected until you decide to change it by clicking a different chip stack. This means you can play on the same bet value without returning to the chip stacks. Note : You cannot place more than the allowed amount of chips on any of the numbers or sections. Step 2 After you choose a chip value, place the mouse pointer over the Roulette table and click the area(s) where you want to place a bet – each click places one chip on the highlighted area. To remove the last bet click the UNDO button . Click the CLEAR button to remove all bets from the table. To double the bet placed click the DOUBLE button . This will double all the bets placed on the table. Note : Bets cannot be removed if the ball is in motion. Step 3 Click the SPIN button to spin the roulette wheel. Once the ball is in motion, you cannot place any more bets until it stops. To skip the Roulette spin animation click the SKIP button . Note: Available only for specific jurisdictions. Step 4 Any amount you win is displayed on the info bar and is added to the balance. After the ball stopped, you can go to Step 1 or: Click the REBET button to add the previous bet on the table and then click the SPIN button to start the spin. Click the REBET & SPIN button to add the previous bet and start the spin. click the REBET X2 & SPIN button to add double the previous bet and start the spin. 5. Game options 5.1. Desktop version The following buttons are available: Click this button to toggle the game sound on or off. In the bottom left side of the game screen, click this button to open the Game Options panel. On the Game Options panel, click this button to open the Settings panel: SOUND - In the Settings panel, click this button to toggle the game sound On/Off. TURBO PLAY - (available only for specific jurisdictions) Move the On/Off switch adjacent to TURBO PLAY to ON to enable the turbo feature which skips the wheel spin and chip collect animations; move to OFF to disable this feature. MUSIC - In the Settings panel, click this button to toggle the game music On/Off. DEALER - In the Settings panel, click this button to toggle the dealer voice On/Off. Click to open the pay table where you can view: information about the payouts for the winning combinations; RULES - In the pay table, click this button to view detailed game rules in a new browser window. (in real mode only) On the Game Options panel, click this button to view the history screen where you can click HISTORY to view the gameplay history in a new browser window. On the Game Options panel, click this button to close the game and open the home website, in the same browser window. In the bottom right side of the game screen, click this button to go to full screen mode; to exit full screen mode, click or press ESC on your keyboard. On the game screen, click this button to save your current bet as one of your Favorites. On the game screen, click this button to open Favorite Bets. You can quickly place or delete your saved bets as well as adding new ones. 5.2. Mobile version The following buttons are available: Tap this button to toggle the game sound on or off. In the bottom right side (for landscape) or upper right (for portrait) of the game screen, tap this button to open the Game Options panel. On the Game Options panel, tap this button to open the Settings panel: SOUND - In the Settings panel, tap this button to toggle the game sound On/Off. TURBO PLAY - (available only for specific jurisdictions) Move the On/Off switch adjacent to TURBO PLAY to ON to enable the turbo feature which skips the wheel spin and chip collect animations; move to OFF to disable this feature. MUSIC - In the Settings panel, tap this button to toggle the game music On/Off. DEALER - In the Settings panel, tap this button to toggle the dealer voice On/Off. BET GRID ZOOM - Move the On/Off switch adjacent to BET GRID ZOOM to ON to enable the BET GRID ZOOM feature which allows you to activate the BET GRID ZOOM window; move to OFF to disable this feature. Note: You can activate the BET GRID ZOOM window by a long press on the screen (you can place bets inside the zoom window); Press anywhere outside the zoom window to close it. Tap to open the pay table where you can view: information about the payouts for the winning combinations; RULES - In the pay table, tap this button to view detailed game rules in a new browser window. (in real mode only) On the Game Options panel, tap this button to view the history screen where you can tap HISTORY to view the gameplay history in a new browser window. On the Game Options panel, tap this button to close the game and open the home website, in the same browser window. On the game screen, tap this button to save your current bet as one of your Favorites. On the game screen, tap this button to open Favorite Bets. You can quickly place or delete your saved bets as well as adding new ones. 6. Statistics 6.1. Desktop version Click the Statistics button on the bottom left corner of the game screen to open the in game statistics. These show the "RED/BLACK PERCENTAGE", "ODD/EVEN PERCENTAGE", "LOW/HIGH PERCENTAGE" and number of balls since last 0 or 00. Note: these statistics are shown up to 500 spins. 6.2. Mobile version Tap the Statistics button on the upper right corner of the game screen to open the in game statistics. These show the "RED/BLACK PERCENTAGE", "ODD/EVEN PERCENTAGE", "LOW/HIGH PERCENTAGE" and number of balls since last 0 or 00. Note: these statistics are shown up to 500 spins. Last modification date: 7/16/2024