Action Jack Seek ancient treasure as you explore the depths of the jungle in Action Jack! Dodge erupting volcanoes, uncover mysterious statues, and dig up sparkling gems when X marks the spot! Stacked symbols on the reels mean even more chances for massive wins. Find three or more Treasure Chests on the reels and trigger the Free Spins Bonus where all wins are tripled! How to Bet Action Jack features 40 paylines. Bet Configuration Menu (mobile/tablet/mini games) Press the arrow to open the bet configuration menu. Press the check mark to confirm and close the bet configuration menu. Lines Displays the current number of paylines. Betting is fixed at 40 paylines. Total Bet Displays the current total bet shown in currency. Press the minus button (–) to decrease the total bet. Press the plus button (+) to increase the total bet. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current line bet selected. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Auto Spin feature is not available in mini format. Synchronised Reels Feature Each reel in Action Jack includes stacks of the same symbol, except the Bonus scatter symbol. Before each spin, a reel set with one of the stacked symbols is randomly selected. The same symbol may appear in stacks on multiple reels on the same spin. When the same symbol appears in the stacks on adjacent reels, the potential for big wins increases. Free Spins Bonus The Free Spins Bonus is triggered when three or more Bonus scatter symbols appear anywhere on the reels. These symbols can be found on every reel. The number of free spins awarded depends on how many Bonus symbols appeared on the reels when the bonus was triggered. Number of Bonus Symbols Free Spins Awarded 5 60 4 40 3 20 The Free Spins Bonus is retriggered when three or more Bonus scatter symbols appear anywhere on the reels. Number of Bonus Symbols Free Spins Retriggered 5 60 4 40 3 20 All wins are tripled in the Free Spins Bonus. The bonus can be retriggered multiple times, up to a maximum of 500 free spins per bonus. If the number of additional free spins awarded makes the total free spin count higher than 500, then only a partial number of free spins are awarded up to the 500 free spin maximum. Free spins are played at the same line bet and same number of paylines as the triggering spin. RTP :92.34%. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the line bet on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Only the highest scatter win is paid per Bonus scatter symbol. Coinciding scatter wins from different Bonus scatter symbols are added. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Scatter wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. During Free Spins Bonus all wins are tripled. Wild symbol appears on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 in the base game. Wild symbol appears on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 in the Free Spins Bonus. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 RTP =92.34%. Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent, except in cases where one spin unlocks a feature for a subsequent spin or series of spins, per the game rules. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. Intellectual Property © 2018 IGT. All rights reserved. All other trademarks used herein are owned by IGT or its affiliates, may not be used without permission, and where indicated with a ®, are registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. Last modification date: 6/4/2020