Blackjack Poker and Pairs Singlehand Blackjack Poker & Pairs Singlehand Play Blackjack Poker & Pairs Singlehand and enhance your Blackjack experience with exciting side bets. All of your favourite bets are here as well: split bets, double-down bets, and insurance bets. A whole new level of play awaits…your table is ready. How to Bet Press the chip selector in the lower-right corner to select a chip value. Press one or more bet spots on the table to place a bet. The following commands are available during the game: DEAL - Press to begin a game. Place the minimum bet in order to play. DOUBLE BET - Press to double the current bet. REBET - Press after a game to place the previous bet. REBET AND DEAL - Press to place the previous bet and begin a new game with one touch. NEW BET - Start a new game, and clear the table. CLEAR - Press to remove all bets from the table. UNDO - Press to remove the last-placed bet from the table. DOUBLE REBET - Press after a game to double the previous bet. top ] --> How to Play Blackjack Poker & Pairs Singlehand In Blackjack Poker & Pairs Singlehand , the goal is to beat the Dealer's hand. Player's hand has a value that is determined by combining the values of its cards. All face cards are worth 10, Aces are worth 1 or 11, and all other cards are worth their face value. If the value of a hand exceeds 21, that hand is a "bust" and automatically loses. Aces are worth 11 unless that would cause the hand to bust. Getting a Blackjack initial cards are dealt to the player (on any bet spot where bets were placed) and the Dealer. The Dealer receives one face-up card and one face-down card. If the two initial cards equal a sum of 21, that hand is a "Blackjack". Who has Blackjack Outcome Player Player automatically wins and is paid 3 to 2 on the main bet. Dealer Dealer automatically wins and player’s main bet is forfeited. Both Player and Dealer This is a tie and Player’s bet is returned. Blackjack Insurance The game offers Blackjack insurance when the Dealer's face-up card is an Ace. If the Player accepts the Insurance bet offer, another bet equal to half the main bet is placed before the Dealer's hand is checked for Blackjack. Dealer's hand Main bet outcome Insurance bet outcome Blackjack Forfeited Paid 2 to 1 Not Blackjack Remains active Forfeited If the Dealer's face-up card is a 10-value card, the Dealer's face-down card is checked without any Insurance bet offer. Playing a Hand If neither the Player nor the Dealer have Blackjack, attempt to improve the outcome by playing out the hand. Depending on the cards that were dealt, choose from the following commands: HIT - Press to draw another card for this hand. Choose to continue drawing cards until the hand value becomes 21 or more. Or, choose to stand and receive no more cards. If the hand value becomes 21, the hand automatically stands. If the hand busts, all bets placed on that hand are forfeited. STAND - Press to take no more cards for this hand. SPLIT - This command is available if the first two cards in the hand are the same value. Press to split the cards into two separate hands and place an additional bet equal to the main bet. Split Aces receive only one card per split hand. Players may split again once per split hand, except for split Aces. DOUBLE DOWN - This command is available for the first two cards of any hand. Press to double the main bet and draw exactly one more card. Double Down on the first two cards of a split hand, except for split Aces. When play is finished on the player’s hand, the Dealer reveals the face-down card and draws until the value of the hand is 17 or higher. If the Dealer's hand value exceeds 21, the Dealer busts and all non-busted hands win. Otherwise, the Dealer's hand is compared to each non-busted hand. When comparing hands, only the highest values that are less than 21 are used for each hand. All winning hands pay 1 to 1. In the case of a tie, the bet for that hand "pushes" and is returned. Side bets - Poker & Pairs This variant of Blackjack uses the standard rules, but with two exciting side bets. The first bet is mandatory, meaning the player must place bets on the Blackjack spot to be able to place the bets on the side bets. Side bet - Pairs Pairs is an optional bet, offering players the choice to make a separate wager on whether their two cards will be paired. There are three types of pairs based on the table below. The pairs award payouts at the following odds: Outcome Pays Suited Pair (matched suits, e.g. 9s-9s, Ah-Ah) 30 to 1 Colored Pair (matched colors, e.g. 7s-7c, Qh-Qd) 10 to 1 Mixed Pair (matched ranks only, e.g. 6s-6d, Kc-Kh) 5 to 1 Card examples use the following abbreviations: c = Clubs, d = Diamonds, h = Hearts, s = Spades Side bet - Poker Poker is an optional bet based on the player's first two cards, plus the dealer's up card. These award payouts as follows: Outcome Pays Suited 3 of a Kind (e.g. Qs-Qs-Qs) 100 to 1 Straight Flush (e.g. 7d-8d-9d) 35 to 1 Three of a Kind (e.g. 3d-3h-3s) 33 to 1 Straight (e.g. 9c-10d-Jh) 10 to 1 Flush (e.g. 2h-6h-10h) 5 to 1 Card examples use the following abbreviations: c = Clubs, d = Diamonds, h = Hearts, s = Spades top ] --> Settings Card Animation SLOW - Slow speed of card animations. MEDIUM - Medium speed of card animations. FAST - Fast speed of card animations. OFF - Turbo speed skips card animations. All Sound OFF - Sound in the game turns off. ON - Sound in the game turns on. Ambient Sound OFF - Ambient sound in the game turns off. ON - Ambient sound in the game turns on. Insurance NORMAL - Offers the Insurance bet whenever the Dealer's face-up card is an Ace. NEVER - Insurance bet is never offered. Safety Net - Enable/Disable (on/off) the safety net that displays a warning at an attempt to hit on a soft 20 or on a hard 17 and above. top ] --> Other Rules Dealer must draw on 16. Dealer must stand on all 17's. This includes soft values where an Ace is worth 11. Player may draw a maximum of eight cards for any hand. An eight-card Player hand automatically wins, regardless of the Dealer's subsequent hand outcome. Cards are dealt from six decks of standard playing cards, shuffled for each game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 4/23/2024