Balloonies Pop and Swap Get ready to pop 'til you drop! Featuring exciting match-three gameplay and a cast of cute and crazy critters, Balloonies Swap and Pop is positively bursting with whimsical fun! To play, line up three or more matching Balloonies to collect shapes. Reveal all the shapes in a collection to win the associated prize. In an additional twist, each successful match has a chance to award an instant win prize! How to Bet Reveal All How to Play Rules Additional Information How to Bet Ticket Cost Displays the current ticket cost. Press the left arrow (–) to decrease the ticket cost. Press the right arrow (+) to increase the ticket cost. Press BUY to deduct the ticket cost from the balance and play the game. Reveal All Press REVEAL ALL to play the game to completion automatically. Game play continues until all selections have been made. To continue the game in manual mode, press STOP. How to Play Select 2 adjacent Balloonies to swap places on the grid. When a row or column of 3 matching Balloonies is formed, then a shape is created and the paytable is updated. If a row or column of 4 matching Balloonies is formed, then 2 shapes are created. Collect all the shapes in a row on the paytable to win the associated prize. An instant win prize can be won instead of creating a shape. If a bomb is revealed instead of a shape, all remaining Balloonies are popped in the explosion and the game ends. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. Instant wins are added to total winning prize values. Wins display as currency. Player choices made during gameplay do not affect the game’s outcome. Additional Information Expected Payback For this game, the long-term, theoretically-expected payback is minSingleRTP % from minRTP % to maxRTP % . The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Intellectual Property © 2017 IGT. All rights reserved. All other trademarks used herein are owned by IGT or its affiliates, may not be used without permission, and where indicated with a ®, are registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. Last updated 18 September 2017 Last modification date: 6/8/2020