Book of the Sphinx What secrets are waiting to be revealed in the mystical pages of the Book of the Sphinx ? Dig deep to excavate the glittering treasures of ancient Egypt! Discover wild Book symbols to win big and to trigger the Free Spins Bonus ! The Eye of Ra feature offers full symbol stacks on the reels, providing even more dazzling exciting win potential! How to Bet Book of the Sphinx features 20 fixed paylines. Bet Configuration Menu (mobile/tablet/mini games) Press the arrow to open the bet configuration menu. Press the check mark to confirm and close the bet configuration menu. Lines Displays the current number of paylines. Betting is fixed at 20 paylines. Line Bet Displays the current bet per line shown in currency. Press the minus button (–) to decrease the bet per line. Press the plus button (+) to increase the bet per line. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current line bet and number of paylines. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Auto Spin feature is not available in mini format. Eye of Ra Feature The Eye of Ra feature is triggered when three or more Eye of Ra symbols appear anywhere on the reels. The Eye of Ra symbols are then replaced by a randomly-selected symbol, excluding Book symbols. The randomly-selected symbol expands to replace all symbols on all reels on which it appears to pay for 3, 4, or 5 of a kind on any active payline regardless of reel position. Free Spins Bonus The Free Spins Bonus is triggered when three or more Book symbols appear anywhere on the reels. These symbols can appear on every reel. Number of Book symbols Free Spins Awarded 3 10 4 15 5 30 At the start of the Free Spins Bonus , one of the symbols, excluding the Book symbol, is randomly selected as the special symbol for the duration of the bonus. When three or more special symbols appear anywhere on the reels, special symbols expand to replace all symbols on that reel and form winning combinations on active paylines. Special symbols contribute to winning combination only after expanding. The winning combinations do not need to be aligned to the left and the symbols do not need to be positioned on consecutive reels. The Free Spins Bonus is retriggered when three or more Book symbols appear anywhere on the reels during the bonus. Number of Book symbols Additional Free Spins Awarded 3 10 4 15 5 30 The bonus can be retriggered multiple times, up to a maximum of 250 free spins per bonus. Free spins are played at same line bet and same number of paylines as the triggering spin. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, except Eye of Ra Feature where reels do not need to be consecutive, beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the line bet on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Only the highest scatter win is paid per Book symbol. Coinciding scatter wins from different Book symbols are added. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Scatter wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. The Book symbol is also a Wild symbol that substitutes for all symbols except the Eye of Ra symbol and the special symbol that is selected during Free Spins Bonus . Wild symbol appears on all reels in the base game. Wild symbol appears on all reels in the Free Spins Bonus . Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. RTP=96.24%. Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent, except in cases where one spin unlocks a feature for a subsequent spin or series of spins, per the game rules. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. Intellectual Property © 2019 IGT. All rights reserved. All other trademarks used herein are owned by IGT or its affiliates, may not be used without permission, and where indicated with a ®, are registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. Last modification date: 3/15/2022