Balloonies Farm Time to make hay in Balloonies Farm , where all the animals are high flying balloons. Raise big multipliers with the Star Multiplier feature while the Floating Reels feature pops away old wins to clear room for herds of more wins. Choose how you want to harvest your wins in the Free Spins Bonus, by selecting a balloon with more free spins or one with higher multipliers. How to Bet Auto Spin Feature Floating Reels Feature Star Multiplier Feature Free Spins Bonus Rules Additional Information How to Bet Balloonies Farm features 20 paylines for 20 coins. LINES Displays the current number of paylines selected. Betting is fixed at 20 paylines which costs 20 coins. LINE BET Displays the current bet per line shown in currency. Press the left arrow (-) to decrease the bet per line. Press the right arrow (+) to increase the bet per line. SPIN Press to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current line bet and number of paylines selected. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until the STOP button is pressed, a bonus is triggered, or the balance is insufficient to spin again. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Floating Reels Feature On any winning symbol combination: All winning symbol combinations are evaluated and award values are added to the win meter. All symbols in winning combinations disappear. Empty spaces are filled as symbols rise from below, in sequence. The reels are evaluated again for winning symbol combinations and values are added to the win meter. The Floating Reels feature repeats until no winning symbol combinations appear. Star Multiplier Feature Star symbols are wild and substitute for all symbols except the Bonus symbol. Any Star symbol that is part of at least one winning combination awards a random 2x, 3x, or 5x multiplier in the base game. In the Free Spins Bonus the possible multipliers revealed are based on the option chosen and can be as high as 10x! If more than one Star symbol multiplier is revealed during a single spin, including floats resulting from the Floating Reels feature, all multiplier values are added. At the end of the spin, the total win amount is multiplied by the total multiplier value. Free Spins Bonus 3 scattered Bonus symbols pay 2x your bet and trigger the Free Spins Bonus. Pop a balloon to choose your number of free spins and available multipliers. Option 1 2 3 4 Spins 15 12 19 5 Multipliers 2x 2x & 3x 3x & 5x 5x & 10x The reels in the Free Spins Bonus create more frequent Star Multiplier wins than the base game reels. Each Star Multiplier revealed is drawn from those available for the chosen option. Bonus symbols appear on reels 2, 3, and 4 only in the base game. The Free Spins Bonus cannot be retriggered. The bet in the bonus is equal to the bet on the reel spin that triggered the bonus. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the line bet on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Multipliers from all Star symbols revealed during a single spin, including any Floating Reels features, are added together and applied to all wins accumulated during the spin. Star symbol substitutes for all symbols except Bonus and appears on reels 2, 3, and 4 only. Bonus scatter symbol appears on reels 2, 3, and 4 only in the base game. Wins are shown in currency. Reels used in Free Spins Bonus are different from the reels used in the base game. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the Free Spins Bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. RTP=96.4%. Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. Intellectual Property All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of IGT in the U.S. and/or other countries. © 2016 IGT. All rights reserved.