Baccarat One of the oldest and most popular card games in the world is now ready for interactive play! Baccarat offers all the exclusive excitement you expect, as well as side bets on Tie hands, Player/Banker pairs, and the option to double your bet. Pull up a chair at the high-rollers’ table and place your bets…this game is a natural! How To Play The objective of Baccarat is to predict whether the banker's hand or the player's hand will add up to a value closest to 9. All face cards and tens count as zero and Aces count as one. The hand with the highest point value wins. Press a chip in the lower-right corner to select a chip value. Then place the chip/chips in the desired betting area for PLAYER , BANKER and/or TIE . Remove the last bet from the table by pressing UNDO . To remove all bets from a betting area, press CLEAR . Click DEAL to start the game. Two cards are dealt to both the PLAYER and the BANKER . Press REBET to repeat the bet from the previous game. The following commands are available: DEAL - Press to begin a game. Place the minimum bet in order to play. REBET - Press after a game to place the previous bet again. REBET AND DEAL - Press to place the previous bet and begin a new game with one touch. NEW GAME - Start a new game, and clear the table. CLEAR - Press to remove all bets from the table. UNDO - Press to remove the last bet from the table. Bet Limits Limits for minimum and maximum bets are displayed on the game tables. Rules The player and the banker are each dealt a two-card hand. Per the standard baccarat rules stated below, a third card may be dealt to the player and/or the banker. Ace = one point Face cards and tens = zero All other cards carry the point value stated on the card. If the cards in a hand total more than ten points, simply subtract ten; the remainder is the baccarat point value of the hand. For example: 8+8=16, which counts as a 6 in baccarat; and 8+9=17, which counts as a 7. To play the game, place a wager on the banker's hand, on the player's hand, on a tie, or on a combination of hands. A tie results when both hands have equal point values. If the game does result in a tie, wagers on the banker and the player are returned. A third card may or may not be dealt (that is "drawn") to either the player or the banker depending on the following rules: If either the player or the banker has a total of 8 or a 9, they both stand. This rule overrides all other rules. If the player's total is 5 or less, then the player draws; otherwise, the player stands (also shown in the Player table below). If the player stands, then the banker draws on a total of 5 or less. If the player does hit, see the Banker table below to determine whether the banker draws or stands. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Player Point Value of First Two Cards Player Action 0-1-2-3-4-5 Draws a card 6-7 Stands 8-9 "Natural hand", no further draw Banker Point Value of First Two Cards Draws when the player´s third card is: Does not draw when the player´s third card is: 0-1-2 Always draws a card - 3 0-1-2-3-4-5-6-7-9 8 4 2-3-4-5-6-7 0-1-8-9 5 4-5-6-7 0-1-2-3-8-9 6 6-7 0-1-2-3-4-5-8-9 7 Always stands - 8-9 Player cannot draw Player cannot draw Number of Card Decks Eight decks of cards are used. The decks are shuffled before each round. Options On the OPTIONS tab, you can turn the sound effects off and on, as well as change the game speed and felt colour. Paytable Winning Wager Pays On the banker or the player (If the player wins by betting on the banker, the bank receives 5% commission on the net win.) 1 to 1 On a tie 8 to 1 Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, all cards come from a fair deck that has been randomly shuffled. Thus every card remaining in a given deck is equally likely to be the next card dealt. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. The expected payback value is also based upon correct player choices for any game that involve main game and/or bonus game play strategy. The theoretical return to player (RTP) is 98.94%. Last modification date: 7/14/2020