TRANSFORMERS Battle for Cybertron TRANSFORMERS Battle for Cybertron FreeFall Symbols and five mystery features keep the action going! Choose the number of free spins and range of multipliers in the Free Spins Bonus! How to Bet Auto Spin Feature FreeFall Symbols Feature Mystery features Free Spins Bonus Options Rules Additional Information How to Bet TRANSFORMERS Battle for Cybertron features five mystery features and a selection of four Free Spins Bonuses. COIN VALUE Displays the current coin value as currency. Press the left arrow (-) to decrease the coin value. Press the right arrow (+) to increase the coin value. 40 LINES + FEATURE Enable 40 paylines plus all bonus features for a fixed stake of 60 coins. SPIN Press to spin the reels and submit the bet. [ top ] Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a selected number of spins at the current line bet. Select the desired line bet, press AUTO SPIN and choose how many spins to play. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until the STOP button is pressed, a bonus is triggered, or the balance is insufficient to spin again. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. [ top ] FreeFall Symbols Feature On any winning symbol combination: 1. All winning symbol combinations are evaluated and award values are added to the win meter. 2. All symbols in winning combinations disappear. 3. Empty spaces are filled as symbols cascade from above, in sequence. 4. The reels are evaluated again for winning symbol combinations and values are added to the win meter. 5. The FreeFall Symbols feature repeats until no winning symbol combinations appear. [ top ] Mystery Features Randomly, after a spin and any resulting FreeFall Symbols action have completed, one of the following mystery features may be triggered. Any symbols destroyed are replaced with symbols cascading from above. On certain reels, Wild symbols cascade to replace symbols destroyed. For Ratchet, a bonus symbol cascades. Grimlock and Shockwave do not destroy Wild or Bonus symbols. Optimus Prime Optimus Prime destroys all Decepticon symbols on the reels (Megatron, Shockwave, and Decepticon Logo symbols). Megatron Megatron destroys all Autobot symbols on the reels (Optimus Prime, Bumblebee, and Autobot Logo symbols). Grimlock Grimlock burns away a random pattern of symbols. Shockwave Shockwave blows up a random pattern of symbols. Ratchet Ratchet may appear when there are two Bonus symbols on the reels and cause a third Bonus symbol to cascade, triggering the Free Spins Bonus! [ top ] Free Spins Bonus Trigger the Free Spins Bonus with three scattered Bonus symbols. Bonus symbols are on reels 1, 3, and 5 only in the base game. Choose the number of free spins and the range of multipliers from the following bonus options: Megatron - 5 free spins with 8x-10x multipliers Optimus Prime - 8 free spins with 4x-10x multipliers Shockwave - 12 free spins with 3x-5x multipliers Bumblebee - 15 free spins with 2x-4x multipliers Free spins cannot be retriggered. The bet in the bonus is equal to the bet on the reel spin that triggered the bonus. [ top ] Options Graphics Quality: BEST - Graphics look best, but performance may suffer HIGH - Optimal graphics and performance setting MEDIUM - Lower quality, but increased performance LOW - Degraded graphics, but smoothest animation performance on slower computers [ top ] Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. Only highest winner paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the line bet on the winning line. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. Wild symbol appears on reels 2, 3, and 4 only. Bonus symbol appears on reels 1, 3, and 5 only in the base game. Reels used in the Free Spins Bonuses are different from the reels used in the base game. There are no bonus symbols in the Free Spins Bonus. Coinciding wins on different paylines are added. Wins are shown in currency. Regardless of the bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the Free Spins Bonus plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately irrespective of any remaining free spins. [ top ] Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given spin of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next spin are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of spins by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. Intellectual Property TRANSFORMERS and its associated characters are trademarks of Hasbro and are used with permission. © 2013 Hasbro. All rights reserved. All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of IGT in the U.S. and/or other countries. © 2013 IGT. All rights reserved. [ top ] Last modification date: 12/27/2021