Brilliant Diamonds Hold and Win BRILLIANT DIAMONDS: HOLD & WIN™ 1. OVERVIEW The goal is to obtain a winning combination on a winning line spread across the reels. Game specifications: Type Slots Number of reels 5 Number of rows 3 Number of lines 25 (cannot be changed) Number of Diamonds you can bet 25 (cannot be changed) Progressive No Double feature No Auto spin feature Yes Wild symbols Yes Multiplier symbols Yes Scatter symbols Yes (Diamonds & Gold Diamonds) Bonusround Yes (Hold& Win Respins) Free spins No Instant win Yes RTP Standard Play: 96.00% Bonus Buy: 96.90% The game disconnects if you do not take any actions for a specific number of consecutive minutes (this number varies depending on jurisdiction); the session recovery feature will save the game progress so that the next time the game is loaded, you can continue where you left off. In the event of technical difficulties resulting in a dropped connection to the game server, the game you were playing is saved automatically and will load the next time you establish a connection to the game server. You will not be able to reconnect to the game server for the first 30 seconds after the disconnection. Note: In case of malfunction all pays and play are voided; any bet that was not yet accepted will be voided, any bet that was unsettled will be refunded. 2. HOW TO PLAY Note: If you do not have enough money to play a game, the bet can be set to the minimum selectable amount through a dialog window informing about this. All winning lines pay from left to right, beginning with the far-left reel. All line win symbols must appear on consecutive reels. Wins on different lines are all added. Only the highest winning combination on each line is paid.Winnings from Free Spins are added to the total win. The auto spin feature does not automatically start free spins - player input is required (Available only for specific jurisdictions). On the info bar, you can view the current BET, your BALANCE and your current WIN, displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 2.1. Desktop version To play, follow these steps: 1. Click on the main screen, and then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value. Click to save the settings and return to the main screen. Note: The total BET is displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 2. Click to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won will be shown in the WIN field from the info bar, in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 2.2. Mobile version To play, follow these steps: 1. Tap on the main screen, then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value. Tap to save the settings and return to the main screen. Note: The total BET is displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 2. Tap to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won will be shown in the WIN field from the info bar, in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. To toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 3. SPECIAL SYMBOLS AND FEATURES 3.1. Wild The Wild symbol will always land fully stacked and can land on all 5 reels. The Wild symbol replaces any other symbols, except the Gold, Platinum and Special Diamonds symbol, to form winning combinations. Note: If no specific payouts for Wild are displayed in the pay table, a combination formed exclusively with Wild will pay just like the highest paying symbol, if that combination is the highest winning combination on a way. 3.2. Platinum Diamond symbol Landing 5 or more Platinum Diamond symbols anywhere in view will award the Brilliant Diamonds Hold & Win Respins. 3.3. Gold Diamond symbol Any Gold Diamond symbol that forms the trigger will add a multiplier to the Brilliant Diamonds Hold & Win Respins. Starting Multiplier is 1 (to which +1 is added for each Gold Diamonds triggering the feature). Gold Diamonds are not in play during the Brilliant Diamonds Hold & Win Respins. 3.4. Brilliant Diamonds Hold & Win Respins Triggered by 5 or more Platinum Diamond symbols anywhere in view, Brilliant Diamonds Hold & Win Respins will award 3 respins with all cash values remaining in place. Can also be triggered with 5 Gold Diamonds or a combination of Platinum & Gold Diamonds. During Brilliant Diamonds Hold & Win Respins only Diamond symbols are in play and every time a new one lands, the respins will reset to 3. Minor, Major and Grand special Diamonds can land as part of the trigger or in Brilliant Diamonds Hold & Win Respins. Minor - 20x total bet. Major - 200x total bet. Grand - 1000x total bet. If the respins run down to zero, the feature will end and all cash values in view will be collected. Values displayed on the Platinum Diamond symbols are shown in the selected currency/Diamond. Platinum Diamond symbol values are random values from 1x to 2500x times bet. Possible Values during Respins are as follows in times bet values: 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 8x, 10x, 15x, 20x, 25x, 30x, 50x, 100x, 200x, 250x, 1000x. 3.5. Diamond Modifiers Randomly on any spin, Diamonds can fall over the reels and announce a special win. During the game Diamonds can fall over the reels and award either a Big Win (20 x Total Bet or more) or Brilliant Diamonds Hold & Win Respins. It can also transform Platinum Diamonds into Gold multiplier Diamonds as part of the feature trigger. 3.6. Brilliant Diamonds Bonus Buy The Bonus Buy costs 50 x Total Bet ( 1,250 coins). The Brilliant Diamonds Bonus Buy spin is guaranteed to trigger the Brilliant Diamonds Hold & Win Respins. Note: History application keys. RespinsLeft,RespinsUsed= Spins Multiplier= Multiplier BONUS_BUY_ENTERED= Brilliant Diamonds Bonus Buy RESPINS_TRIGGER= Respins Triggered Prizes, Respins winnings= Hold&win Win WinningSymbols= Hold&Win Symbols Prizes cash= Cash Prize 4. OTHER GAME BUTTONS 4.1. Desktop version The following buttons are available: Click this button to toggle the game sound on or off. Click this button to open the PAYOUTS tab, where you can view several screens: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in either credit or your real currency - to toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area. information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts, or specific awards; the game lines and basic game rules. To navigate among the various screens in the PAYOUTS tab, click on the left and right arrows at the bottom of the screen. RULES In the last of the screens from the PAYOUTS tab, click this button to view detailed game rules, in a new browser window. (in real mode only) This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Click on it to view the gameplay history, in a new browser window. This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Click on it to close the game and to open the home website, in the same browser window. (available while the reels are spinning)(available only for specific jurisdictions) Click this button to stop the reels earlier. (available during winning animations) Click this button to skip the winning animations. (available only for specific jurisdictions) Click this button to activate Turbo mode. The Turbo mode speeds up the gameplay - the spin time is reduced to a minimum. 4.2. Mobile version The following buttons are available: Tap this button to toggle the game sound on or off. Tap this button to open the PAYOUTS tab, where you can view several screens: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in either credit or your real currency - to toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area. information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts, or specific awards; the game lines and basic game rules. To navigate among the various screens in the PAYOUTS tab, tap on the left and right arrows at the bottom of the screen. RULES In the last of the screens from the PAYOUTS tab, tap this button to view detailed game rules, in a new browser window. (in real mode only) This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap on it to view the gameplay history in a new browser window. This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap on it to close the game and to open the home website, in the same browser window. (available while the reels are spinning)(available only for specific jurisdictions) Tap this button to stop the reels earlier. (available during winning animations) Tap this button to skip the winning animations. (available only for specific jurisdictions) Tap this button to activate Turbo mode. The Turbo mode speeds up the gameplay - the spin time is reduced to a minimum. 5. AUTO SPIN FEATURE The loss limit setting allows stopping the auto spin feature automatically when the selected limit, plus your cumulative winnings, and minus your cumulative bets, is less than 0. 5.1. Desktop version Click the AUTO SPIN button to open the AUTO SPIN settings window where you can set up the following: Number of auto spins: click + or - to select the number of auto spins to play. Loss limit: click + or - to select the value of the loss limit; Stop if a win reaches: click + or - to select the value of the maximum win; Stop if JACKPOT is won (only for games with Progressive Jackpots): to enable this setting, tick the checkbox; to disable it, remove the tick. Click the ACTIVATE button to close the AUTO SPIN settings window and to start the auto spin feature with the currently selected bet and auto spin setup. Click the CLOSE button to close the window without starting the auto spin feature. Click the STOP AUTO SPIN button to stop the auto spin feature at any time. 5.2. Mobile version Tap the AUTO SPIN button to open the AUTO SPIN settings window where you can set up the following: Number of auto spins: tap + or - to select the number of auto spins to play. Loss limit: tap + or - to select the value of the loss limit; Stop if a win reaches: tap + or - to select the value of the maximum win; Stop if JACKPOT is won (only for games with Progressive Jackpots): to enable this setting, tick the checkbox; to disable it, remove the tick. Tap the ACTIVATE button to close the SPIN settings window and to start the auto spin feature with the currently selected bet and auto spin setup. Tap the CLOSE button to close the window without starting the auto spin feature. Tap the STOP AUTO SPIN button to stop the auto spin feature at any time. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Last modification date: 1/24/2024