Bubble Craze Introduction Plunge headfirst into Bubble Craze , a world of colourful bubbles that can transform and multiply your wins. Get paid for four or more matching adjacent bubbles anywhere, up to 19 matching bubbles! Multiplier bubbles magnify wins by 2X or 5X and Transform bubbles transform all adjacent bubbles to the same colour. 3 Bonus bubbles award 5 free spins where every spin is a winner. How To Bet Bubble Craze costs 50 coins to play. COIN VALUE Displays the current coin value in currency. Press the left arrow (-) to decrease the coin value. Press the right arrow (+) to increase the coin value. SPIN Press to submit the bet and play the game Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of games at the current coin value. Select the desired coin value, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many games to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of games until the STOP button is pressed or the balance is insufficient to spin again. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. How To Win There are no paylines in Bubble Craze . Rather, any group of four or more matching adjacent bubbles is a win. A group of matching adjacent bubbles may be any shape and may appear anywhere on the outcome. Win with up to 19 matching bubbles and up to four different bubble colours on the same outcome. All wins are multiplied by the coin value. Special Bubbles 2X and 5X Multiplier bubbles multiply winning combinations by 2X and 5X respectively. Only the highest multiplier in each winning combination is used to multiply the win; multipliers do not multiply each other. A Transform Bubble transforms all neighboring bubbles to the same colour as itself. It is possible to get multiple Transform Bubbles on the same spin, but all Transform Bubbles on the same spin are the same colour. Multiplier Bubbles keep their multiplier during colour transformation. Winning combinations are determined only after all transforms have taken place. Free Spins Bonus Get 3 Bonus scatter bubbles to trigger 5 free spins. The triggering Bonus bubbles may be of different colours or of the same colour. The Bonus bubbles only appear at three positions: the middle bubble of the top row, the middle bubble of the middle row, and the middle bubble of the bottom row. Every free spin is a guaranteed winner and free spins have more Transform and Multiplier bubbles. The Free Spins Bonus cannot be retriggered. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. Any group of four or more matching adjacent bubbles anywhere on the outcome is a win. Only the highest win is paid per bubble colour. Coinciding bubble wins of different colours are added. All bubble wins multiplied by coin value. Only the highest multiplier per bubble colour is used to multiply that bubble colour win. Wins are shown in currency. Regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. RTP=96.2%. Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. Intellectual Property All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of IGT in the U.S. and/or other countries. © 2014 IGT. All rights reserved. .. Last modification date: 12/22/2021