Blackjack How To Bet How To Play Options Other Rules How To Bet Click on a chip in the lower left corner to select a chip value. Click on the bet circle in the centre of the table to add the value of the selected chip to your bet. The following commands are available to you during the game: DEAL - Click to begin a game. You must have placed the minimum bet in order to play. DOUBLE BET - Click to double your current bet. REBET - Click after a game to place your previous bet. REBET AND DEAL - Click to place your previous bet and begin a new game in one click. CLEAR ALL - Click to remove your bet from the table. How To Play Blackjack Overview In Player ♥ s Suite ® Blackjack , your goal is to beat the Dealer's hand. Each hand has a value that is determined by combining the values of its cards. All face cards are worth 10, Aces are worth 1 or 11, and all other cards are worth their face value. If the value of a hand exceeds 21, that hand is a "bust" and automatically loses. Aces are worth 11 unless that would cause the hand to bust. Getting a Blackjack Two initial cards are dealt to each you and the Dealer. The Dealer receives one face-up card and one face-down card. If you or the Dealer are initially dealt two cards that sum to 21, that hand is a "blackjack". Who has blackjack Outcome Only you You automatically win and get paid 3 to 2 on your main bet. Only Dealer Dealer automatically wins and your main bet is forfeited. Both you and Dealer This is a tie and your bet is returned. Blackjack Insurance You are offered blackjack insurance when the Dealer's face-up card is an Ace. If you accept the Insurance bet offer, another bet equal to half your main bet is placed before the Dealer's hand is checked for blackjack. Dealer's hand Main bet outcome Insurance bet outcome Blackjack Forfeited Paid 2 to 1 Not blackjack Remains active Forfeited If the Dealer's face-up card is a 10-value card, the Dealer's face-down card is checked without any Insurance bet offer. Playing Your Hand If neither you nor the Dealer have blackjack, you can attempt to improve your outcome by playing out your hand. Depending on your cards, you can choose the following commands: HIT - Click to request another card for this hand. You can continue to draw cards until you stand, or the hand value becomes 21 or more. If the hand value becomes 21, your hand automatically stands. If the hand busts, all bets placed on that hand are forfeited. STAND - Click to take no more cards for this hand. SPLIT - This command is available if the first two cards in your hand are the same value. Click to split your cards into two separate hands and place an additional bet equal to your main bet. Split Aces get only one card per split hand. You may split again once per split hand, except for split Aces. DOUBLE DOWN - This command is available for the first two cards of any hand. Click to double your main bet and draw exactly one more card. You can Double Down on the first two cards of a split hand, except for split Aces. When you are done playing all hands, the Dealer reveals the face-down card and draws until the value of the hand is 17 or higher. If the Dealer's hand value exceeds 21, the Dealer busts and all of your non-busted hands win. Otherwise, the Dealer's hand is compared to each of your non-busted hands. When comparing hands, only the highest values that are less than 21 are used for each hand. All winning hands pay 1 to 1. In the case of a tie, the bet for that hand "pushes" and is returned. Options Speed NORMAL - Normal speed plays all animations. TURBO - Turbo speed skips certain animations. Graphics Quality BEST - Graphics look best, but performance may suffer. HIGH - Optimal graphics and performance setting. MEDIUM - Lower quality, but increased performance. LOW - Degraded graphics, but smoothest animation performance is achieved on slower computers. Offer Insurance NORMAL - Offers the Insurance bet whenever the Dealer's face-up card is an Ace. ONLY ON PLAYER BLACKJACK - Offers the Insurance bet whenever the Dealer's face-up card is an Ace and you have a blackjack. NEVER - Insurance bet is never offered. Safety Net - Enable/Disable the safety net that warns you if you attempt to hit on a soft 20 or on a hard 17 and above. Voiceover - Enable/Disable voiceover audio. Other Rules Dealer must draw on 16. Dealer must stand on all 17's. This includes soft values where an Ace is worth 11. Player may draw a maximum of eight cards for any hand. An eight-card Player hand automatically wins, regardless of the Dealer's subsequent hand outcome. Cards are dealt from six decks of standard playing cards, shuffled for each game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. RTP: 99.6% Last modification date: 3/17/2026