Bustin Bacon Tap Bustin' Bacon Tap Game Rules (1.2 - 14-October-2024) 1. Overview Bustin' Bacon Tap is a game where the aim is to break open the Piggy Bank to win. Each successful shot will award cash prizes and can also trigger a Bonus Round. Game specifications : Type Instant Tap Number of coins you can bet 25 (cannot be changed) Multiplier Yes Free Games Yes Instant win Yes RTP 95.00 % The game disconnects if you do not take any actions for a specific number of consecutive minutes (this number varies depending on jurisdiction); the session recovery feature will save the game progress so that the next time the game is loaded, you can continue where you left off. In the event of technical difficulties resulting in a dropped connection to the game server, the game you were playing is saved automatically and will load the next time you establish a connection to the game server. You will not be able to reconnect to the game server for the first 30 seconds after the disconnection. Note : In case of malfunction all pays and play are voided; any bet that was not yet accepted will be voided, any bet that was unsettled will be refunded. 3. Special Symbols and Features 3.1. Winning Shot A winning shot will award between 3 & 10 Cash Prizes and light some of the B-O-N-U-S letters. Possible Cash Prizes (x BET): 0.2x, 0.4x, 0.6x, 0.8x, 1x, 1.2x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 6x, 8x, 12x, 16x, 24x, 40x, 80x. On any winning shot a random multiplier of between x2 and x10 can also boost the cash values. Lighting all 5 B-O-N-U-S letters will trigger Free Games . Winning shot animations will play randomly. 3.2. Losing Shot A losing shot will not award any winnings. Losing shot animations will play randomly. 3.3. Free Games Bonus Free Games are triggered by lighting all 5 B-O-N-U-S letters on a winning shot. 15 Free Games are awarded. Any successful Free Games shot will highlight one cash prize or boost the win multiplier. The win multiplier starts at x1 and increases by x1 every time a multiplier is awarded. When Free Games end, all highlighted prizes will be collected and the final multiplier applied. Minimum number of Cash Prizes = 5. Maximum number of Cash Prizes = 10. Maximum multiplier = x10 5. Auto spin feature The loss limit setting allows stopping the auto spin feature automatically when the selected limit, plus your cumulative winnings, and minus your cumulative bets, is less than 0. 5.1. Desktop version Click the AUTO SPIN button to open the AUTO SPIN settings window where you can set up the following: Number of auto spins : click + or - to select the number of auto spins to play. Loss limit : click + or - to select the value of the loss limit; Stop if a win reaches : click + or - to select the value of the maximum win; Stop if JACKPOT is won (only for games with Progressive Jackpots): to enable this setting, tick the checkbox ; to disable it, remove the tick. Click the ACTIVATE button to close the AUTO SPIN settings window and to start the auto spin feature with the currently selected bet and auto spin setup. Click the CLOSE button to close the window without starting the auto spin feature. Click the STOP AUTO SPIN button to stop the auto spin feature at any time. 5.2. Mobile version Tap the AUTO SPIN button to open the AUTO SPIN settings window where you can set up the following: Number of auto spins : tap + or - to select the number of auto spins to play. Loss limit : tap + or - to select the value of the loss limit; Stop if a win reaches : tap + or - to select the value of the maximum win; Stop if JACKPOT is won (only for games with Progressive Jackpots): to enable this setting, tick the checkbox ; to disable it, remove the tick. Tap the ACTIVATE button to close the SPIN settings window and to start the auto spin feature with the currently selected bet and auto spin setup. Tap the CLOSE button to close the window without starting the auto spin feature. Tap the STOP AUTO SPIN button to stop the auto spin feature at any time. Malfunction Void all pays and plays. Last modification date: 8/5/2025