Balloonies Introduction Pop into Balloonies for fun-filled excitement and float away with bursting riches! With the new Floating Reels feature and Star Multiplier feature, wins can inflate to soaring heights. Collect multipliers on a single spin to multiply wins by up to 25x in the base game and 30x in the Free Spins Bonus! How to Bet Balloonies features 20 paylines for 20 coins. BET CONFIGURATION MENU Press {menu} to open the bet configuration menu. LINE BET Displays the current bet per line shown in currency. Press {left} to decrease the bet per line. Press {right} to increase the bet per line. LINES Displays current number of paylines. Betting is fixed at 20 paylines for 20 coins. CONFIRM Press {tick} to confirm and close the bet configuration menu. SPIN Press {spin} to submit the bet and spin the reels. Floating Reels Feature On any winning symbol combination during base game and Free Spins Bonus game play: 1: All winning symbol combinations are evaluated and award values are added to the win meter. 2: All symbols in winning combinations burst. 3: Empty spaces are filled as symbols rise from below, in sequence. 4: The reels are evaluated again for winning symbol combinations and values are added to the win meter. 5: The Floating Reels feature repeats until no winning symbol combinations appear. Star Multiplier Feature Each Star scatter symbol awards a random 2x, 3x, or 5x multiplier, and pays a scatter win. If two or more Star scatter symbols appear during a single spin and across floats, as a result of the Floating Reels feature, the multiplier values are added. After awarding a multiplier, the Star scatter symbol pops causing symbols to rise from below for more chances to win. At the end of the spin, the total win amount is multiplied by the total multiplier value. "Pop-Me" Picker/Free Spins Bonus The Free Spins Bonus is triggered by getting three Bonus scatter symbols anywhere on the first three reels. These symbols are only found on reels 1, 2, and 3. Pop one of the three balloons to reveal the number of free spins (between 4 and 14) awarded for the bonus. The reels in the Free Spins Bonus have a richer, more frequent Star Multiplier feature than the base game reels. There are no Bonus symbols on the Free Spins Bonus reels, therefore the bonus cannot be retriggered. Free spins are played at the same line bet as the triggering spin. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. Only highest win paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the line bet. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Each star scatter symbol pays independently. Scatter wins are multiplied by the line bet. Coinciding scatter wins from different scatter symbols are added. Scatter wins are independent from payline wins and are also added to the total amount paid. Multipliers from all Star scatter symbols appearing during a single spin, including any Floating Reels features, are added and applied to all wins accumulated during the spin. Bonus scatter symbol appears on reels 1, 2, and 3 in the base game only. Wild symbol appears on reels 2, 3, and 4 only. Star scatter symbol appears on reels 1, 2, and 3 only. Wins are shown in currency. Regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the Free Spins Bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. The theoretical return to player of this game is 96.23% Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. Intellectual Property All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of IGT in the U.S. and/or other countries. © 2014 IGT. All rights reserved. Last modification date: 12/22/2021