Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure Dude! Bill and Ted are about to fail history class in a most egregious way. If they do, Ted is getting shipped off to military school and their soon-to-be-famous band, Wyld Stallyns, will break up! It’s up to you to travel through time, bring famous historical figures to San Dimas High, and make sure Bill and Ted ace their final report - and save the future while they’re at it! When Bill and Ted both appear on the reels, they may randomly team up to form their legendary band, Wyld Stallyns, transforming all Bill and Ted symbols into Wyld symbols for bodacious win potential. Trigger the Lock and Respin Bonus to hop in the iconic phone booth and travel through time collecting historical characters. The more characters you collect, the better the history report - and the bigger the reward! No way? Yes way! How to Bet Bill & Ted’s Excellent Adventure features 20 paylines. Bet Configuration Menu (mobile/tablet) Press the arrow to open the bet configuration menu. Press the check mark to confirm and close the bet configuration menu. Coins Displays the current number of coins being played. Betting is fixed at 20 paylines. Coin Value Displays the current coin value shown in currency. Total Bet Displays the current total bet shown in currency. Press the minus button (–) to decrease the total bet. Press the plus button (+) to increase the total bet. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current coin value selected and number of paylines. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Wyld Stallyns Feature The Wyld Stallyns feature may trigger on any base game spin where 1 or more Bill scatter symbol and 1 or more Ted scatter symbol land anywhere on the reels. When the Wyld Stallyns feature is triggered, all Bill symbols and all Ted symbols on the reels become Wyld symbols. Wyld symbols substitute for all symbols except the Bonus symbol. If the Lock and Respin Bonus is triggered on the same reel spin as the Wyld Stallyns feature, the Wyld Stallyns feature is awarded after the Lock and Respin Bonus is complete. No Way, Yes Way! Feature The No Way, Yes Way! feature offers a second chance at triggering the Lock and Respin Bonus on any spin where Bonus scatter symbols land on reels 1 and 3 only. When the No Way, Yes Way! feature is triggered, reel 5 respins. If the Respin results in a Bonus symbol landing on reel 5, the Lock and Respin Bonus is triggered. Lock and Respin Bonus The Lock and Respin Bonus is triggered when three Bonus scatter symbols appear on reels 1, 3, and 5 in the base game. Triggering the bonus awards an initial 3 respins. The three triggering Bonus symbols lock into position for the remainder of the bonus, and each award either a prize value or a Historical Character. During each Respin, additional Phone Booth symbols may land, revealing additional prize values or Historical Characters. All revealed prize values and Historical Characters are locked in position for the remainder of the bonus. Every time a Phone Booth symbol lands, the Respin counter resets to 3 respins remaining. Each prize value awards one of the following: 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 10x, 20x, 50x, or 100x multiplied by the total bet. Prize values are shown in currency. Historical Characters revealed on the reels during the bonus are collected to win jackpot awards. At the start of the bonus, 1 of 8 possible Historical Characters is randomly selected to act as the Jackpot Upgrade symbol. The number of Historical Characters collected always starts at zero on each bonus trigger. Triggering symbols Jackpot Starting Value 15 Locked symbols 2000 8 Historical Characters 500 6 Historical Characters 250 4 Historical Characters 100 2 Historical Characters 50 If the Jackpot Upgrade Historical Character appears on the reels, all 5 jackpot values are upgraded. When upgraded, each jackpot increases by its starting value. After each successful Jackpot Upgrade, a new Historical Character that has not already appeared on the reels is selected to be the new Jackpot Upgrade symbol. Jackpots may upgrade up to a maximum of 8 times. The Lock and Respin Bonus continues until no respins remain or until all 15 reel positions are filled. At the end of the bonus, the total number of Historical Characters and total number of locked symbols are compared to the Jackpot symbol collection thresholds, and the highest single eligible jackpot is awarded. Locked prize values are cumulative and are awarded in addition to any eligible Jackpot award. Reels used in the Lock and Respin Bonus are different from the reels used in the base game. The Lock and Respin Bonus is played at the same coin value as the triggering spin. Jackpot values are multiplied by the coin value. The bonus cannot be retriggered. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far-left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the coin value on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Bonus symbol appears on reels 1, 3, and 5 in the base game only. Wyld symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols except the Bonus symbol. The Lock and Respin Bonus is played on independent reels. All awards are scattered. No paylines are used. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the Paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent, except in cases where one spin unlocks a feature for a subsequent spin or series of spins, per the game rules. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given spin of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next spin are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of spins by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. The theoretical return to player (RTP) is 94.51%. Last modification date: 9/28/2021