Boss Level 1. Overview The goal is to obtain a winning combination on a winning way spread across the reels. Game specifications : Type Slots Number of reels 5 Number of rows 4 up to 10 Number of ways 1024 up to 100,000 Ways Number of coins you can bet 20 (cannot be changed) Progressive No Double feature No Auto spin feature Yes Wild symbols Yes (Standard Wild & Powerblock Multiplier Wilds) Multipliers Yes Scatter symbols Yes (Bonus symbols) Bonus round Yes Free s pins Yes Instant win No RTP 94.04% The game disconnects if you do not take any actions for a specific number of consecutive minutes (this number varies depending on jurisdiction); the session recovery feature will save the game progress so that the next time the game is loaded, you can continue where you left off. In the event of technical difficulties resulting in a dropped connection to the game server, the game you were playing is saved automatically and will load the next time you establish a connection to the game server. You will not be able to reconnect to the game server for the first 30 seconds after the disconnection. Note : In case of malfunction all pays and play are voided; any bet that was not yet accepted will be voided, any bet that was unsettled will be refunded. 2.1. Desktop version To play, follow these steps: Click on the main screen, and then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value. Click to save the settings and return to the main screen. Note: The total BET is displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). Click to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won will be shown in the WIN field from the info bar, in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 2.2. Mobile version To play, follow these steps: Tap on the main screen, then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value. Tap to save the settings and return to the main screen. Note: The total BET is displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won will be shown in the WIN field from the info bar, in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. To toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 3. Special Symbols and Features 3.1. Ways Each spin can have 1024 up to 100,000 ways to win. Wins are awarded for left to right adjacent symbols, starting on reel 1, regardless of size. 3.2. Increasing Ways & Cascading Wins Any win triggers a cascade and adds an extra row of symbols. This can continue up to a maximum of 10 rows. Wins will be multiplied according to the rows on which they appear. 3.3. Wild The Wild symbol can replace any other symbols, except Bonus symbols, to form winning ways. Wild symbols can only appear on reels 2, 3, 4 & 5. 3.4. Keycards There are special Keycard symbols that can land on the reels that will increase the rows without having a win. The Green Keycard will add one row. The Blue Keycard will add two rows. The Red Keycard will add three rows. It is possible to land multiple Keycard symbols in the same spin and the total amount of rows will be added. 3.5. Powerblocks Powerblock safe symbols appear above reels 2,3 & 4. Landing a Powerblock activation symbol on the reels 2, 3 & 4 will move the Powerblock safe above it to its position. Any connecting winning ways with the Powerblock safe will unlock one level of security, turning off the green Powerblock safe lights for each separate connecting win. Winning symbols must be connecting to the Poweblock safe by touching one of the four sides of the Powerblock safe . Upon unlocking the Powerblock safe , it will reveal a Wild multiplier from x2 up to a max of x20, as follows: Bronze safe - x2, x3, x4 Silver safe - x5, x7, x10 Gold safe - x12, x15, x20 Two or more Wild Multipliers in a win will be added together. Locked Powerblocks on reels will move down one row each spin until either creating a win or moving out of view. Once a Powerblock safe moves to the reels, a new Powerblock will appear above the reels in its place. 3.6. Modifiers During the base game on any spin one of 3 Modifiers can occur: Mega Symbols - A random symbol will be hit and can transform into a larger 2x2, 3x3 or 4x4 sized Mega symbol . Max Ways - The reels will drop in the maximum amount of ways for one spin. Powerblock Add - From 1-3 Powerblocks will be added to the reels randomly. Without the need for a Powerblock activation symbol. 3.7. Free Spins Landing 3 or more Bonus symbols will trigger Free Spins . 3 Bonus symbols - 8 Free Spins 4 Bonus symbols - 10 Free Spins 5 Bonus symbols - 12 Free Spins Free Spins cannot be triggered if any Powerblocks are active on reels. During Free Spins every win will add an extra row but will not reset and can continue up to 10 rows max. Both Powerblock safe and Keycards symbols can land during Free Spins . Both Max Ways and Mega symbols can land during Free Spins . Any Bonus symbols that land will award +1 extra Free Spin . After Free Spins end, any Powerblocks that remain on the reels will not transition to Base Game. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. 4. Other game buttons 4.1. Desktop version The following buttons are available: Click this button to toggle the game sound on or off. Click this button to open the PAYOUTS tab, where you can view several screens: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in either credit or your real currency - to toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area. information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts, or specific awards; the game lines and basic game rules. To navigate among the various screens in the PAYOUTS tab, click on the left and right arrows at the bottom of the screen. RULES In the last of the screens from the PAYOUTS tab, click this button to view detailed game rules, in a new browser window. (in real mode only) This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Click on it to view the gameplay history, in a new browser window. This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Click on it to close the game and to open the home website, in the same browser window. (available while the reels are spinning) Click this button to stop the reels earlier. (available during winning animations) Click this button to skip the winning animations. (available only for specific jurisdictions) Click this button to activate Turbo mode. The Turbo mode speeds up the gameplay - the spin time is reduced to a minimum. 4.2. Mobile version The following buttons are available: Tap this button to toggle the game sound on or off. Tap this button to open the PAYOUTS tab, where you can view several screens: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in either credit or your real currency - to toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area. information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts, or specific awards; the game lines and basic game rules. To navigate among the various screens in the PAYOUTS tab, tap on the left and right arrows at the bottom of the screen. RULES In the last of the screens from the PAYOUTS tab, tap this button to view detailed game rules, in a new browser window. (in real mode only) This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap on it to view the gameplay history in a new browser window. This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap on it to close the game and to open the home website, in the same browser window. (available while the reels are spinning) Tap this button to stop the reels earlier. (available during winning animations) Tap this button to skip the winning animations. (available only for specific jurisdictions) Tap this button to activate Turbo mode. The Turbo mode speeds up the gameplay - the spin time is reduced to a minimum. Last modification date: 1/30/2025