Black Widow Introduction Become entwined in the web of Black Widow and catch rich rewards! With the Super Stacks feature, earn massive wins as large stacks of symbols appear on each spin! Make a killing with the Web Capture feature, which allows you to capture symbols in the Free Spins Bonus for increasing wins! How To Bet Black Widow features 40 paylines. LINE BET Displays the current bet per line shown in currency. Press the left arrow (-) to decrease the bet per line. Press the right arrow (+) to increase the bet per line. LINES Betting is fixed at 40 lines for 40 coins. SPIN Press to spin the reels and submit the bet. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of games at the current number of lines and line bet. Select the desired line bet, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many games to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of games until the STOP button is pressed, a bonus is triggered, or the balance is insufficient to spin again. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Super Stacks Feature Each reel in Black Widow includes large stacks of the same symbol. Before each spin, a symbol is randomly selected to fill each reel’s stacks. Any symbol may appear in any stack, except the Bonus scatter symbol which may appear on reels 2, 3, and 4 only. The same symbol may appear in large stacks on multiple reels on the same spin. When the same symbol appears in the stacks on adjacent reels, the potential for big wins increases. Web Capture Feature In the Free Spins Bonus, capturing a Male symbol in the centre position on reel 3 pays the value on his respective meter. After each Male symbol capture, the value on the respective meter increases, up to a maximum of 13 increases per meter per bonus. Capturing the Female symbol in the centre position on reel 3 pays the total value of the three meters for that spin and increases the value on each of the three meters, up to a maximum of 13 increases per meter per bonus. Meter values are 2 to 1000 times the total bet in the triggering game. Free Spins Bonus The Free Spins Bonus is triggered by getting nine Bonus scatter symbols on the centre reels. These symbols are only found on reels 2, 3, and 4. Triggering the Free Spins Bonus awards 7 free spins. In the Free Spins Bonus, the Web Capture feature pays for Male symbols and the Female symbol captured in the centre position on reel 3. During the Free Spins Bonus, the Bonus can be retriggered by getting nine Bonus scatter symbols on the centre three reels. These symbols are only found on reels 2, 3, and 4. The Bonus can be retriggered multiple times, up to a maximum of 98 free spins per Bonus. Free spins are played at same line bet and same number of lines as the triggering game. Options Graphics Quality Adjust the quality of the graphics to get the optimal animation performance. BEST mode - Graphics look best, but performance may suffer. HIGH mode (default) - Optimal graphics and performance setting. MEDIUM mode - Lower quality but increased performance. LOW mode - Degraded graphics, but smoothest animation performance is achieved even on slower computers. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the line bet on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Only the highest scatter win is paid. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Scatter wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Wins are shown in currency. Regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the Free Spins Bonus plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately irrespective of any remaining free spins. Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. Intellectual Property The theoretical return to player of this game is 96.00% All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of IGT in the U.S. and/or other countries. © 2014 IGT. All rights reserved. Last modification date: 12/22/2021