Book of Unseen Book of Unseen How to Bet Bet Settings Menu Press the cog or TOTAL BET to open the Bet Settings menu. Coins Displays the current number of coins being played. Betting is fixed at 10 paylines. Coin Value Displays the current coin value shown in currency. Total Bet Displays the current total bet shown in currency. Change by selecting the desired total bet. On desktop devices, optionally press the minus button (–) to decrease the total bet or press the plus button (+) to increase the total bet. Press OK to confirm and close the Bet Settings menu. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current coin value and number of paylines selected. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins and where available, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN, and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Free Spins Bonus The Free Spins Bonus is triggered when 3 or more Wild Book Scatter Symbols appear anywhere on the reels. Each Free Spins Bonus has a guaranteed number of spins with Expanding Symbols based on the number of triggering symbols. Wild Book Symbols Guaranteed Expansions 5 10 4 6 3 4 At the start of the bonus, 1 symbol is chosen at random to become an Expanding Symbol. All symbols except the Book Symbol may be chosen to expand. For the remainder of the bonus, each spin is evaluated for a win. After any wins are paid, if the chosen Expanding Symbol appears anywhere on the reels and an expansion would result in a win, they expand to replace all symbol positions on that reel. Expanding Symbols pay on any active payline regardless of reel position. After the expansion, reels are evaluated again and any wins involving the Expanding Symbol are paid. After each expansion, the number of guaranteed expansions is reduced by 1. Any spins that do not result in an expansion do not reduce the number of expansions remaining. The Free Spins Bonus is retriggered when 3 or more Wild Book Scatter Symbols appear anywhere on the reels awarding additional guaranteed Expanding Symbol spins. Wild Book Symbols Guaranteed Expansions 5 10 4 6 3 4 The bonus can be retriggered multiple times, up to a maximum of 99 guaranteed expansions per bonus. The bonus ends when all guaranteed expansions have been played. Reels used in the Free Spins Bonus are different from the reels used in the base game. Free spins are played at same coin value and same number of paylines as the triggering spin. Bonus Buy The Free Spins Bonus may be purchased by paying 100x the total bet. Once purchased, the Free Spins Bonus triggers with a random draw of 3, 4, or 5 Wild Bonus Symbols. The Free Spins Bonus is played as described above. Options All Sound Toggle game sounds on or off. Sound Effects Toggle sound effects on or off. Music Toggle music on or off. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, except during expansions in the Free Spins Bonus where reels do not need to be consecutive, beginning with the far-left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins shown at current bet. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Only the highest scatter win is paid per Book Symbol. Scatter wins shown at current bet. Scatter wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Book Symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols, except during expansions in the Free Spins Bonus. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there may be an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. Last modification date: 3/11/2025