Big City 5's ping the swinging metropolis to life with pight lights and bonus-packed action in Big City 5’s ! All 3- and 4-of-a-Kind combinations and 5-of-a-Kind combinations with wilds increase the corresponding bonus pot. 5-of-a-Kind combinations without wilds award the corresponding bonus pot! During the Free Spins Bonus , the excitement builds, and all 5-of-a-Kind combinations award the corresponding bonus pot! How to Bet Big City 5's features 20 paylines. Bet Settings Menu Press the cog or TOTAL BET to open the bet settings menu. Coins Displays the current number of coins being played. Betting is fixed at 20 paylines. Coin Value Displays the current coin value shown in currency. To change the bet: Select the desired total bet. On desktop devices, optionally press the minus button (–) to decrease the total bet, or press the plus button (+) to increase the total bet. Press OK to confirm and close the bet settings menu. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current coin value. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins and where available, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Bonus Pots Feature All game symbols except Bonus and Wild Symbols have a bonus pot associated with them. Bonus pot values are the associated 5-of-a-Kind prize plus any player contribution. Initial bonus pot values include an additional contribution. After a bonus pot has been awarded, the bonus pot for that symbol resets to the associated 5-of-a-Kind prize. Any 3- or 4-of-a-Kind win (with or without Wild Symbols) increments the corresponding bonus pot. A 5-of-a-Kind win with Wild Symbols increments the corresponding bonus pot. During the base game, a 5-of-a-Kind win without Wild Symbols awards the corresponding bonus pot. During the Free Spins Bonus , 5-of-a-Kind wins (with or without Wild Symbols) award the corresponding bonus pot. A 5-of-a-Kind all Wild Symbols win awards the Jackpot Symbol pot. No 5-of-a-Kind wins increment the corresponding bonus pots. Bonus pot contributions are not shared across bet levels and do persist across play sessions. Bonus pot values are multiplied by coin value. Free Spins Bonus The Free Spins Bonus is triggered when 3 or more Bonus Scatter Symbols appear on consecutive reels starting from reel 1. Number of Bonus Symbols Free Spins Awarded 3 15 4 20 5 25 The reels in the Free Spins Bonus are richer than the base game reels. The Free Spins Bonus is retriggered when 3 or more Bonus Scatter Symbols appear on consecutive reels starting from reel 1. Number of Bonus Symbols Additional Free Spins Awarded 3 15 4 20 5 25 The bonus can be retriggered multiple times, up to a maximum of 200 free spins per bonus. Reels used in the Free Spins Bonus are different from the reels used in the base game. Free spins are played at same coin value and same number of paylines as the triggering spin. Options All Sound Toggle game sounds on or off. Music Toggle music on or off. Sound Effects Toggle sound effects on or off. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far-left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline (including bonus pot pays). Line wins are multiplied by the coin value on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Wild Symbol appears on reels 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5 in the base game and Free Spins Bonus . Wild Symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols except Bonus Scatter Symbol in the base game and the Free Spins Bonus . Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there may be an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. Additional Information In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent, except in cases where 1 spin unlocks a feature for a subsequent spin or series of spins, per the game rules. The odds of getting any particular standard outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given spin of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next spin are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of spins by numerous players over an extended period of time. After a bonus pot is won, that symbol's pot resets to the associated 5-of-a-Kind prize. For this game, the long-term, theoretically expected payback is 94.05%. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. The expected payback value is also based upon correct player choices for any games which involve main game and/or bonus game play strategy. Last modification date: 1/25/2023