Bounty O'Bucks Cash Link 2 Bounty O'Bucks May the road to riches rise up to meet you in Bounty O'Bucks! Thanks to the amazing Ca$hLink 2 feature, you could instantly win cash prizes. Trigger the Wheel Bonus to spin for prizes, a Ca$hLink 2 multiplier, or the Ultra prize! With a retriggering Free Spins Bonus and the Expanding feature, which nudges symbols up or down to fill more positions, this game may reward you with the luck of the Irish! How to Bet Bounty O'Bucks features 20 paylines. Bet Settings Menu Press the cog or TOTAL BET to open the Bet Settings menu. Coins Displays the current number of coins being played. Betting is fixed at 20 paylines. Coin Value Displays the current coin value shown in currency. Total Bet Displays the current total bet shown in currency. Change by selecting the desired total bet. On desktop devices, optionally press the minus button (–) to decrease the total bet or press the plus button (+) to increase the total bet. Press OK to confirm and close the Bet Settings menu. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current coin value. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins and where available, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Ca$hLink 2 Feature If a Treasure Chest Scatter Symbol appears on reel 5 and a Wheel Pot of Gold Scatter Symbol does not appear on reel 1, the Ca$hLink 2 feature is triggered. All Pot of Gold Scatter Symbols that do not contain a Mini, Minor, Major, Mega, or Grand prize are assigned a cash value. All revealed cash values and prizes are awarded. Cash values and prize awards are shown in currency and are not multiplied by any value. More than 1 prize may be awarded in the Ca$hLink 2 feature. Wheel Bonus A Wheel Pot of Gold Scatter Symbol appearing on reel 1 and a Treasure Chest Scatter Symbol appearing on reel 5 trigger the Wheel Bonus. When the Wheel Bonus is triggered, a Ca$hLink 2 prize value is determined. The Ca$hLink 2 value is the sum of all Wheel Pot of Gold Scatter Symbol and Pot of Gold Scatter Symbol values on the reels of the triggering spin. There are 7 pointers available. The number of active pointers is based on the triggering bet amount. Prize values and multipliers are available on the wheel. After the wheel stops spinning, all prizes indicated by active pointers are awarded. If the Ultra segment is indicated by an active pointer, the Ultra prize is awarded. Prize values are multiplied by the minimum coin value. Ultra prize is not multiplied by any value. When a multiplier is indicated by an active pointer, the Ca$hLink 2 value for that bonus is multiplied. More than 1 multiplier segment may be indicated by active pointers, in which case the Ca$hLink 2 value for that bonus is multiplied by the sum of all indicated multipliers. Prize values are not multiplied by this multiplier. Segments on the wheel are not equally weighted. Expanding Feature During the Free Spins Bonus, Wild or Pot of Gold Symbols in any position on the reels triggers the Expanding feature. Wild or Pot of Gold Symbols appearing in any position on the reel may nudge up or down 1, 2 or 3 positions to fill all positions on that reel with that symbol respectively. Wins are evaluated after all transformations are complete. Free Spins Bonus 3 Free Spins Scatter Symbols appearing anywhere on reels 1, 3, and 5 trigger the Free Spins Bonus and award 10 free spins. If the Ca$hLink 2 feature is triggered during the Free Spins Bonus, the total of the prize values displayed on all Coin Scatter Symbols appearing on the reels is awarded. During the bonus, 3 Free Spins Scatter Symbols appearing anywhere on reels 1, 3, and 5 retrigger the Free Spins Bonus and award an additional 10 free spins. The bonus can be retriggered multiple times, up to a maximum of 200 free spins per bonus. Free spins are played at same coin value and same number of paylines as the triggering spin. Options All Sound Toggle game sounds on or off. Music Toggle music on or off. Sound Effects Toggle sound effects on or off. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far-left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the coin value on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Bonus and Feature wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Free Spins Scatter Symbol appears on reels 1, 3, and 5 in the base game and the Free Spins Bonus. Wild Symbol appears on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5 in the base game and on reels 2, 3, and 4 in the Free Spins Bonus. Wild Symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols except Treasure Chest Scatter Symbol, Wheel Pot of Gold Scatter Symbol, Pot of Gold Scatter Symbol, and Free Spins Scatter Symbols in the base game and the Free Spins Bonus. Treasure Chest Scatter Symbol appears on reel 5 only in the base game and the Free Spins Bonus. Wheel Pot of Gold Scatter Symbol appears on reel 1 only in the base game. Pot of Gold Scatter Symbol appears on reels 1, 2, 3, and 4 only in the base game and the Free Spins Bonus. Randomly, the leprechaun may add Chest Symbols to reel 5. The appearance of the leprechaun does not increase the chance of triggering the Ca$hLink 2 feature. Wins are shown in currency. In this game, the wheel is a graphical animation for entertainment purposes only and does not represent an actual wheel. The chances of obtaining a specific segment are therefore not equiprobable. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there may be an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. Last modification date: 5/8/2024