Baywatch Ride the cash waves with the Baywatch lifeguards! Each spin offers a chance at two mystery features that can combine for massive wins! Tidal Wilds splash over the reels, leaving behind wild reels in their wake. Lifeguards join forces in the Teamwork feature to patrol the beach for larger wins. Trigger the bonus and choose from Mitch, Cody, CJ, and Caroline to create a winning team for more stacked lifeguard symbols, more free spins, or a combination of both. The fun heats up in the Free Spins Bonus with the lifeguards always on duty in the Teamwork feature and more intense wild waves. How To Bet Desktop Auto Spin Feature Symbol Replacement Feature Teamwork Feature Tidal Wilds Feature Free Spins Bonus Rules Additional Information How To Bet Baywatch features 15 paylines for 25 coins. Bet Configuration Menu (mobile/tablet devices only) Press the green arrow to open the bet configuration menu. Press the green check mark to confirm and close the bet configuration menu. 15 LINES + FEATURE Displays the current number of coins being played. Betting is fixed at 15 paylines which costs 25 coins. COIN VALUE Displays the current coin value shown in currency. Press the minus button (–) to decrease the coin value. Press the plus button (+) to increase the coin value. SPIN Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. [ top ] Desktop Auto Spin Feature When playing on a desktop device, Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current coin value. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press the AUTO SPIN icon, and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until the STOP icon is pressed, a bonus is triggered, or the balance is insufficient to spin again. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. [ top ] Symbol Replacement Feature In the base game, the reels contain a pair of symbols that transform into one of the following pairs of lifeguard symbols: Mitch and CJ, Mitch and Caroline, Cody and CJ, or Cody and Caroline. Before each spin, a pair of symbols is randomly selected to fill every reel's dynamic symbol positions. [ top ] Teamwork Feature The Teamwork feature can trigger after any base game spin, turning all lifeguard symbols into a combined team symbol for upgraded wins. See the paytable for details. The Teamwork feature is always active in the Free Spins Bonus. [ top ] Tidal Wilds Feature The Tidal Wilds feature can trigger after any base game or Free Spins Bonus spin. Each Wild symbol expands vertically to fill the reel, and can further expand horizontally to the right to fill one or two more reels. Wild symbols on reel 4 can only expand to fill one additional reel. Both the Teamwork feature and Tidal Wilds feature can trigger on the same spin. Wins are paid only after all features resolve. [ top ] Free Spins Bonus The Free Spins Bonus is triggered when three Bonus scatter symbols appear anywhere on the centre reels. These symbols are only found on reels 2, 3, and 4. Choose one lifeguard from each of the following options to create a team for the bonus: Pick One Pick One Mitch Cody CJ Caroline More Stacks More Spins More Stacks More Spins 3 - 5 free spins 7 - 12 free spins 3 - 6 free spins 7 - 12 free spins Choosing More Stacks awards reels with the selected lifeguard symbol appearing in 2 symbol-high stacks. Choosing More Spins awards a greater number of free spins. Each lifeguard awards a random number of free spins. Free spins awarded from each pick are added. The selected lifeguards are the only lifeguard symbols that appear on the free spins reels. All choices have the same expected payback, but may provide very different play experiences. The reels in the Free Spins Bonus have a more plentiful Tidal Wilds feature, and the Teamwork feature is always active. The bonus cannot be retriggered. Reels used in the Free Spins Bonus are different from the reels used in the base game. Free spins are played at same coin value and same number of paylines as the triggering spin. [ top ] Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the coin value on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Only the highest scatter win is paid. Scatter wins are multiplied by the coin value. Scatter wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Wild symbol appears on reels 2, 3, and 4 in the base game. Wild symbol appears on reels 2, 3, and 4 in the Free Spins Bonus. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the Free Spins Bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. [ top ] Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent, except in cases where one spin unlocks a feature for a subsequent spin or series of spins, per the game rules. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. Intellectual Property BAYWATCH: The Baywatch Production Company. ©2017. All Rights Reserved. Licensed by FremantleMedia North America, Inc. © 2017 IGT. All rights reserved. All other trademarks used herein are owned by IGT or its affiliates, may not be used without permission, and where indicated with a ®, are registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. [ top ] Last modification date: 5/16/2018