Battleship BATTLESHIP Introduction How To Bet Auto Spin Feature Stacked 2X Wilds Feature Victory Bonus Options Rules Additional Information Introduction Climb aboard! Sail off into battle on the wide open seas in BATTLESHIP ! The Stacked 2X Wilds feature doubles the firepower for explosive wins! In the Victory Bonus, fire missiles to sink the enemy fleet for free spins, free spins multipliers, and bonus wins! Celebrate the enemy defeat with the Stacked 2X Wilds feature in the free spins to ensure this game is a hit! top How To Bet BATTLESHIP features 40 paylines. LINE BET Displays the current bet per line shown in currency. Press the left arrow (-) to decrease the bet per line. Press the right arrow (+) to increase the bet per line. LINES Displays the current number of paylines selected. Press the left arrow (-) to decrease the number of paylines played. Press the right arrow (+) to increase the number of paylines played. SPIN Press to spin the reels and submit the bet. top Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of games at the current number of lines and line bet. Select the desired line bet, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many games to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of games until the STOP button is pressed, a bonus is triggered, or the balance is insufficient to spin again. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. top Stacked 2X Wilds Feature With the Stacked 2X Wilds feature, each reel is loaded with groups of three or more consecutive 2X Wild symbols. If one or more 2X Wild symbol substitute in a win, the win is doubled. top Victory Bonus The Victory Bonus is triggered by getting three or more Bonus scatter symbols anywhere on the reels. These symbols are found on reels 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5. Triggering the Victory Bonus awards 5 missiles and a number of extra missiles in the picker, based on the number of triggering Bonus scatter symbols. Three Bonus scatter symbols award 2 extra missiles. Four Bonus scatter symbols award 3 extra missiles. Five Bonus scatter symbols award 4 extra missiles. The picker displays five ships and automatically targets one missile on each ship. Place the extra missiles to target any of the ships. Each ship may be targeted by one additional extra missile. Press FIRE to launch the missiles and reveal a number of free spins (between 1 and 15), a free spins multiplier (between 1X and 5X), or a bonus win (between 1 and 25 times the total triggering bet) on each ship. Ships pay their award once per missile hit. For a ship targeted with two or more missiles, each extra missile generates an additional award equal to the award earned by the first missile. If two or more multipliers are awarded within the same picker round, the free spins multiplier is the sum of each of the awarded multipliers. The bonus win amount paid in the picker is not multiplied by the free spins multiplier. Free spins are played out with the given free spins multiplier. There are no Bonus symbols on the free spin reels, therefore the Bonus cannot be retriggered. Free spins are played at same line bet and same number of lines as the triggering game. top Options Graphics Quality Adjust the quality of the graphics to get the optimal animation performance. BEST mode - Graphics look best, but performance may suffer. HIGH mode (default) - Optimal graphics and performance setting. MEDIUM mode - Lower quality but increased performance. LOW mode - Degraded graphics, but smoothest animation performance is achieved even on slower computers. top Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the line bet on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Only the highest scatter win is paid per scatter symbol. Coinciding scatter wins from different scatter symbols are added. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Scatter wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Wins are shown in currency. Regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the Free Spins Bonus plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately irrespective of any remaining free spins. top Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. Intellectual Property BATTLESHIP is a trademark of Hasbro and is used with permission. © 2013 Hasbro. All Rights Reserved. All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of IGT and/or its licensors in the U.S. and/or other countries. © 2013 IGT. All rights reserved. top