Champion Raceway Champion Raceway Enjoy a profitable day at the races with Champion Raceway ! You will have to rein yourself in from all the action this game ponies up! In the Raceway Derby, five champion race horses advance down the track each time their ribbon appears on the reels. The winning horse awards either a jackpot or a chance for lucrative multiplied wins in the Victory Lap Bonus. Only one can be crowned the winner, so place your bets! How To Bet Auto Spin Feature 3x Wild Multiplier Raceway Derby and Jackpots Victory Lap Bonus Rules Additional Information How To Bet Champion Raceway features 5 paylines for 5 coins. LINE BET Displays the current bet per line shown in currency. Press the left arrow (–) to decrease the bet per line. Press the right arrow (+) to increase the bet per line. LINES Displays current number of paylines. Betting is fixed at 5 paylines for 5 coins. SPIN Press to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current line bet. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until the STOP button is pressed, a bonus is triggered, jackpot is awarded, or the balance is insufficient to spin again. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. 3x Wild Multipliers Each reel is loaded with Wild Multiplier symbols that boost the payout. Wins for outcomes with one 3x Wild Multiplier symbol and two non-Wild symbols are multiplied by 3. Wins for outcomes with two 3x Wild Multiplier symbols and one non-Wild symbol are multiplied by 9. Wins composed of ONLY one, two, or three 3x Wild Multiplier symbols are not multiplied. Raceway Derby and Jackpots During the base game, five horses begin at the starting line of the race track at the top of the screen. Each horse is attributed to a feature, either a jackpot award or a Victory Lap Bonus. The base game reels are loaded with ribbons that are each assigned to a single horse in the accumulator. When a ribbon fully appears on the reels, its assigned horse advances one space towards the finish line. If more than one ribbon appears, then all horses advance the appropriate amount. All symbols, except the Wild symbol, can include a ribbon. The first horse to reach the end of the race awards its feature. In the event that two or more horses finish the race on the same spin, one of the horses is picked to be the winner during a Photo Finish. All horses involved in the Photo Finish have an equal chance of winning. When more ribbons are displayed than needed to award a feature, the excess is discarded. When a horse wins the Raceway Derby, all horses' progress is reset to the beginning at the start of the following spin. The positions of the horses are saved across game sessions. The positions of the horses are saved per line bet amount. Victory Lap Bonus The Victory Lap Bonus is awarded when either the 5 free spins horse or 10 free spins horse wins the Raceway Derby. Triggering the Victory Lap Bonus awards either 5 or 10 free spins, depending on which horse wins. During the five-spin Victory Lap Bonus, each free spin awards a Victory Lap Multiplier, which is applied to all wins in that spin. The range of the random multipliers increases over time according to the table below: Spins 1 and 2 Spins 3 and 4 Spin 5 2x, 3x, 4x, or 5x 4x, 5x, 6x, or 7x 6x, 7x, 8x, or 10x During the ten-spin Victory Lap Bonus, each free spin awards a Victory Lap Multiplier, which is applied to all wins in that spin. The range of the random multipliers increases over time according to the table below: Spins 1 - 4 Spins 5 - 8 Spins 9 and 10 4x, 5x, 6x, or 7x 6x, 7x, 8x, or 10x 10x, 11x, 12x, or 13x Free spins cannot be retriggered. Free spins are played at same line bet and same number of paylines as the triggering spin. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the line bet on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the Victory Lap Bonus plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. RTP=96.66%. Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. Intellectual Property All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of IGT in the U.S. and/or other countries. © 2016 IGT. All rights reserved. Last modification date: 12/22/2021