Dungeons & Dragons: Crystal Caverns Dungeons & Dragons - Crystal Caverns Introduction How To Bet Auto Spin Feature Tumbling Reels™ Feature Tumbling Treasures Bonus with Super Scatter Options Rules Additional Information Introduction Lead your band of heroes on a bold adventure into the mythical realm of Dungeons & Dragons - Crystal Caverns. Legends describe huge, dazzling caverns containing glittering gems and jewels beyond compare. Defeat hordes of trolls, ogres and skeletons and reap the rewards of incredible treasure. Play 20 lines of action and enjoy the unique wonder of the Tumbling Reels™ feature. With the Tumbling Reels™ feature, symbols fall from the top of the screen instead of spinning down upon a reel. Winning symbol combinations disappear and new symbols tumble down to replace the vanished symbols. You can win again and again and again on the same spin! Gain entrance into the amazing Crystal Caverns by getting three Bonus symbols on a payline. Inside the caverns enjoy the Tumbling Treasures Bonus starting with 6 free spins on richers reels and the chance to retrigger the Bonus multiple times. As you battle wave after wave of monsters, reap the rewards of the super scatter feature. All monster symbols pay as scatter pays which can lead to more tumbles and bigger awards. With richer reels and more ways to win, you will want to go on this quest again and again. Your adventure and fortune awaits in Dungeons & Dragons - Crystal Caverns. [ top ] How To Bet Dungeons & Dragons - Crystal Caverns provides 20 paylines of action. You can choose how much to bet per line. You can also use Auto Spin to play the game for you. LINE BET Displays current bet per line shown in currency. Click the left arrow (with a minus sign) to decrease bet per line. Click the right arrow (with a plus sign) to increase bet per line. Clicking the left and right arrows does not necessarily decrease or increase your line bet in a linear fashion. Rather, your line bet decreases or increases at preset increments which represent the most popular bet amounts. LINES Displays current number of paylines, which is fixed at 20 paylines. SPIN Click to spin the reels and submit your bet. [ top ] Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of games at the current number of lines and line bet. Once you have selected your desired number of lines and line bet, click AUTO SPIN and choose how many games you want to play. Auto Spin will keep playing the specified number of games until you click the STOP button, or you trigger a Bonus, or your balance is insufficient to spin again. [ top ] Tumbling Reels™ Feature All paytable-defined symbol combinations trigger the Tumbling Reels™ feature during regular and Free Spins Bonus game play. All winning symbol combinations are evaluated and values are added to the win meter. All symbols in winning combinations disappear. All symbol positions on each reel are filled as symbols tumble from above, in sequence, to fill all empty spaces. The game screen is re-evaluated for symbols in winning combinations and award values are added to the win meter. The Tumbling Reels™ feature continues to work until no paytable-defined symbol combinations are created as a result of new symbols tumbling from above. [ top ] Free Spins Bonus with Super Scatter You can trigger the Free Spins Bonus by getting three Bonus symbols on a payline. You can only trigger the Bonus once on a given play of the reels. Upon triggering the Free Spins Bonus, you receive 6 free spins. During the Free Spins Bonus, you can retrigger the Bonus multiple times. Your Free Spins Bonus continues until you have 0 spins remaining, or until you have played 300 free spins. To retrigger the Free Spins Bonus, you need to get 3, 4, or 5 Bonus symbols anywhere on the Free Spins Bonus reels. If you get 3 Bonus symbols, you win an additional 2, 3, or 4 free spins. If you get 4 Bonus symbols, you win an additional 4, 6, 8, or 10 free spins. If you get 5 Bonus symbols, you win an additional 6, 8, 10, 12 or 15 free spins. Your bet per line in the Bonus is equal to the bet per line on the reel spin that triggered the Bonus. In the Free Spins Bonus, the reels are richer and there are more ways to win. In additional to paying on lines, all monster symbols pay a super scatter award as well. For these super scatter symbols, you only need to get 3 or more of the same symbol anywhere on the Free Spins Bonus reels to win! See the paytable for details. [ top ] Options Graphics Quality Adjust the quality of the graphics to get the optimal animation performance. BEST mode - Graphics look best, but performance may suffer. HIGH mode (default) - Optimal graphics and performance setting. MEDIUM mode - Lower quality but increased performance. LOW mode - Degraded graphics, but smoothest animation performance is achieved even on slower computers. [ top ] Rules Malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. All payline wins occur on bet lines only. Only highest winner paid on each payline. Only highest scatter pay award paid. Line wins are multiplied by the line bet on the winning line. Coinciding wins on different paylines are added. Scatter awards are independent from payline awards and are also added to the total amount paid. Awards are shown in currency. Regardless of your bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the Free Spins Bonus plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the Bonus, the Bonus may end early before all free spins have been completed. [ top ] Additional Information In addition to the features described in the How To Bet , the Controls Bar on the bottom of the game screen displays the current balance in the chosen currency, the amount paid if a win occurs, and the amount bet on the last/current proposition. DUNGEONS & DRAGONS, WIZARDS OF THE COAST, and their respective logos are trademarks of Wizards of the Coast LLC in the USA and other countries. © 2011 Wizards of the Coast LLC. Licensed by Hasbro. Copyright © 2011 IGT. All rights reserved. All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of IGT and/or its licensors in the U.S. and/or other countries. Last modification date: 12/22/2021