Cleopatra Grand The Egyptian queen has returned in Cleopatra Grand! This 5-reel game offers 25 paylines in the base game and 50 paylines in the Free Spins Bonus. Trigger the Multiplier Bonus to win a multiplier of up to 100x! Win the Grand prize during the Lock and Respin Bonus when you collect 40 Pharaoh Symbols! The treasure of the pharaohs awaits! How to Bet Cleopatra Grand features 25 paylines in the base game and 50 paylines in the Free Spins Bonus. Bet Settings Menu Press the cog or TOTAL BET to open the Bet Settings menu. Coins Displays the current number of coins being played. Betting is fixed at 25 paylines. Coin Value Displays the current coin value shown in currency. Total Bet Displays the current total bet shown in currency. Change by selecting the desired total bet. On desktop devices, optionally press the minus button (–) to decrease the total bet or press the plus button (+) to increase the total bet. Press OK to confirm and close the Bet Settings menu. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current coin value and number of paylines selected. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins and where available, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN, and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. 2x Wilds Feature If 1 or more Cleopatra Symbols substitute in a win in the base game, that win is doubled, except for wins containing Cleopatra Symbols only. Cleopatra Symbol substitutes for all symbols except for Pharaoh Scatter Symbol in the base game. If 1 or more Cleopatra Symbols substitute in a win in the Free Spins Bonus, that win is multiplied by the current value in the multiplier meter, except for wins containing Cleopatra Symbols only. Cleopatra Symbol substitutes for all symbols in the Free Spins Bonus. Bonus Selection The Bonus Selection is triggered when 3 or more Pharaoh Scatter Symbols appear anywhere on the reels. When the Bonus Selection is triggered, the Pharaoh Symbol scatter pay is not awarded. Pick a box to reveal the Multiplier Bonus, Free Spins Bonus, or Lock and Respin Bonus. The selection does not affect the outcome of the Bonus Selection. The awarded bonus begins and the Bonus Selection ends. Multiplier Bonus If the Multiplier Bonus is awarded during the Bonus Selection, 3 Pharaoh Symbols are displayed. Select 1 Pharaoh Symbol to reveal a multiplier. The selection does not affect the outcome of the Multiplier Bonus. The available multiplier awards depend on the number of Pharaoh Symbols appearing in the spin that triggered the Bonus Selection. Number of Triggering Pharaoh Symbols Available Multiplier Awards 3 5x, 10x, 12x, 15x, 25x, 50x 4 15x, 20x, 25x, 35x, 50x, 75x 5 20x, 25x, 40x, 50x, 75x, 100x After the selection, a value equal to the current total bet times the indicated multiplier is awarded, and the Multiplier Bonus ends. Free Spins Bonus The Free Spins Bonus is triggered when free spins are awarded during the Bonus Selection. The number of free spins awarded corresponds to the number of Pharaoh Scatter Symbols appearing in the spin that triggered the Bonus Selection. Number of Triggering Pharaoh Symbols Free Spins Awarded 3 10 4 15 5 20 The bonus cannot be retriggered. Free spins are played on 50 lines at the same total bet as the spin that triggered the Bonus Selection. During each free spin, if reel 3 spins in an upward direction, the multiplier meter increases by 1. The multiplier meter starts at 2x. If 1 or more Cleopatra Symbols substitute in a line win, the pay for that line win is multiplied by the current value in the multiplier meter, except for wins containing Cleopatra Symbols only. During the Free Spins Bonus, Cleopatra Symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols. Different reels are used during the Free Spins Bonus. Reels are determined at the start of each free spin. Lock and Respin Bonus The Lock and Respin Bonus is triggered when the Lock and Respin Bonus is awarded during the Bonus Selection. Triggering the Lock and Respin Bonus awards an initial 3 respins. At the start of the bonus, rows 1 to 3 are active. Pharaoh Symbols from the spin that triggered the Bonus Selection move to the corresponding reel positions in row 1 to 3 and lock for the remainder of the bonus. Pharaoh Symbols that triggered the Bonus Selection appear with a prize value or Major, Maxi, Minor, or Mini prize icon. During the bonus, each Pharaoh Symbol on the reels appears with a prize value or a Grand, Super, Major, Maxi, Minor, or Mini prize icon. Each unlocked symbol position is a separate reel during the respins. After each respin, Pharaoh Symbols appearing on 1 or more unlocked reel positions in active rows resets the number of respins remaining to 3 if the number of locked positions is less than 40. All Pharaoh Symbols appearing in active rows are collected, and all reel positions containing Pharaoh Symbols, including those on locked rows, lock in place for the remainder of the bonus. Only Pharaoh Symbols on active rows are paid at the end of the bonus. Additional rows are unlocked and activated when the required number of Pharaoh Symbols are collected in active rows. Number of Pharaoh Symbols Collected Row Unlocked 6 4 12 5 18 6 24 7 30 8 If 40 Pharaoh Symbols lock into position on active rows during the bonus, the Grand prize is awarded. The Lock and Respin Bonus continues until no respins remain or until 40 reel positions are filled with Pharaoh Symbols, with all accumulated wins awarded to the player. More than 1 prize may be awarded during the Lock and Respin Bonus. The Grand prize may be awarded only once per bonus. Multiple Super, Major, Maxi, Minor, and Mini prizes may be awarded. Grand, Super, Major, Maxi, Minor, and Mini prizes are displayed in currency. Line wins are not evaluated during the Lock and Respin Bonus. Different reels are used during the Lock and Respin Bonus. The Lock and Respin Bonus is played at same coin value as the triggering spin. Options All Sound Toggle game sounds on or off. Music Toggle music on or off. Sound Effects Toggle sound effects on or off. Voice Toggle voice on or off. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far-left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the coin value on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Only the highest scatter win is paid. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Scatter wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Cleopatra Symbol appears on reels 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5 in the base game and the Free Spins Bonus. Pharaoh Scatter Symbol appears on reels 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5 in the base game and the Lock and Respin Bonus. Cleopatra Symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols except Pharaoh Scatter Symbol in the base game. Cleopatra Symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols in the Free Spins Bonus. The Lock and Respin Bonus is played on independent reels. All awards are scattered. No paylines are used. Grand prize can only be won once during the Lock and Respin Bonus. However, more than 1 prize can be won during the same Lock and Respin Bonus. More than 1 Super, Major, Maxi, Minor, and Mini prize can be won during the same Lock and Respin Bonus. All accumulated wins are awarded to the player. The likelihood of winning the Grand prize, Super prize, Major prize, Maxi prize, Minor prize, or Mini prize is not equal. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there may be an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. Last modification date: 7/20/2023