Cash Eruption Fa Cai Shu Golden wins could be yours in Fa Cai Shu ! 3 or more Bonus Symbols trigger the Free Spins Bonus , where reels 2, 3, and 4 expand into jumbo symbols. Collect 6 or more Gold Pots to trigger the Ju Bao Peng Bonus , where collecting all 15 Gold Pots awards the Grand Treasure! How to Bet Fa Cai Shu features 20 paylines. Bet Settings Menu (mobile/tablet) Press the cog or TOTAL BET to open the Bet Settings menu. Lines Displays the current number of paylines. Coin Value Displays the current coin value shown in currency. Change by selecting the desired total bet. On desktop devices, optionally press the minus button (–) to decrease the total bet, or press the plus button (+) to increase the total bet. Press OK to confirm and close the Bet Settings menu. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current coin value and number of paylines selected. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins and where available, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Expanding Wild Feature After the reel spin in the base game or Free Spins Bonus , Wild Symbols in any position on reels 2, 3, 4, or 5 expand vertically and transform all symbols on the reel into Wild Symbols. Wild Symbol substitutes for all symbols except the Gold Pot and Bonus Symbols. Wins are evaluated after all transformations are complete. Wild Symbols only expand if a winning combination is possible. Pattern Feature In the base game when all positions on reel 1 are filled with Gold Tree Symbols and all positions on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5 are filled with Wild Symbols a pattern win is awarded. Wild Symbols do not substitute for Gold Tree Symbols in a pattern win. Line wins are not paid in addition to pattern win. Ju Bao Peng Bonus The Ju Bao Peng Bonus is triggered when 6 or more Gold Pot Scatter Symbols appear anywhere on the reels in the base game, or when a Gold Pot Symbol appears on the linked reels in the Free Spins Bonus . During the base game, Gold Pot Scatter Symbols are collected in the meter above the reels. The meter resets after every spin. The Ju Bao Peng Bonus awards 3 initial respins. Each Gold Pot Symbol that appears reveals either a prize value or a Jackpot award. All revealed prize values or Jackpot awards are locked in position for the remainder of the feature. Every time a Gold Pot Symbol appears, the respin counter is reset to 3 respins remaining. During each respin, additional Gold Pot Symbols may appear, revealing further prize values or Jackpot awards. Available coin values for the bonus triggered in the base game and small Gold Pots in the Free Spins Bonus are 20, 40, 60, 80, 100, 200, 300, 400, 500, 1000, or 1500 times the coin value of the triggering spin, or mini, minor, or major jackpots. Available coin values for the big Gold Pot triggered from the Free Spins Bonus are 100, 200, 300, 400, 500, 600, 800, 1000, 1200, 1600, or 1800 times the coin value of the triggering spin, or mini, minor, or major jackpots. Fill all 15 positions on the reels to win the Grand Treasure. The Grand Treasure is a fixed award and will not increase with higher bets. The Ju Bao Peng Bonus continues until no respins remain or until all 15 reel positions are filled. Locked prize values are cumulative and are awarded in addition to any eligible Jackpot award. Jackpot values are fixed awards based on the amount wagered and are not shared – they are only winnable by the player. Reels used in the Ju Bao Peng Bonus are different from the reels used in the base game and Free Spins Bonus . The Ju Bao Peng Bonus is played at the same coin value as the triggering spin. The Ju Bao Peng Bonus cannot be retriggered. Free Spins Bonus The Free Spins Bonus is triggered when 3 or more Bonus Scatter Symbols appear anywhere on the reels. Triggering the Free Spins Bonus awards 6 free spins. During the Free Spins Bonus , reels 2, 3, and 4 are linked, and only 1 jumbo symbol appears. All jumbo symbols appearing on the linked reels are 3 symbol positions high and 3 symbol positions wide. During the Free Spins Bonus , Bonus and Gold Pot Symbols only appear on the linked reels. A jumbo Bonus Symbol on the linked reels awards 3 additional free spins, up to a maximum of 15 free spins per bonus. Reels used in the Free Spins Bonus are different from the reels used in the base game. Free spins are played at the same coin value as the triggering spin. Options All Sound Toggle game sounds on or off. Music Toggle music on or off. Sound Effects Toggle sound effects on or off. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far-left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the coin value on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Only the highest scatter win is paid. Scatter wins are independent from Ju Bao Peng Bonus wins and are added to the total amount paid. Bonus Scatter Symbol wins are multiplied by the total bet. Scatter wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Pattern wins are independent from line wins. Wild Symbol appears on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5 in the base game. Wild Symbol appears on the linked reels and reel 5 in the Free Spins Bonus . Wild Symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols except Bonus and Gold Pot Symbols in the base game and the Free Spins Bonus . Gold Pot and Bonus Symbols appear on all reels in the base game. Gold Pot and Bonus Symbols appear on the linked reels only in the Free Spins Bonus . The Ju Bao Peng Bonus is played on independent reels. All awards are scattered. No paylines are used. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there may be an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. Additional Information In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent, except in cases where one spin unlocks a feature for a subsequent spin or series of spins, per the game rules. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given spin of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next spin are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of spins by numerous players over an extended period of time. Last modification date: 4/18/2023