Cash Eruption Hoggin Cash How to Bet Bet Settings Menu Press the cog or TOTAL BET to open the Bet Settings menu. Coins Displays the current number of coins being played. Betting is fixed at 20 paylines. Coin Value Displays the current coin value shown in currency. Change by selecting the desired total bet. On desktop devices, optionally press the minus button (–) to decrease the total bet, or press the plus button (+) to increase the total bet. Press OK to confirm and close the Bet Settings menu. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current coin value. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins and where available, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Cash Eruption Bonus The Cash Eruption Bonus is triggered when 6 or more Coin Scatter Symbols are collected in the meter on a single base game spin. The Cash Eruption Bonus awards 3 initial respins. Each Coin Symbol that appears reveals either a prize value or a Major, Minor or Mini award. All revealed prize values and awards are locked in position for the remainder of the bonus. During each respin, additional Coin Symbols may appear, revealing further prize values or awards, and resetting the respins remaining to 3. Fill all 15 positions on the reels to win the Grand award. The Cash Eruption Bonus continues until no respins remain or until all 15 reel positions are filled. Locked prize values are cumulative and are awarded in addition to any eligible Grand, Major, Minor, or Mini awards. Multiple Major, Minor, and Mini awards may be awarded during the Cash Eruption Bonus. Reels used in the Cash Eruption Bonus are different from the reels used in the base game and Free Spins Bonus . The Cash Eruption Bonus is played at the same coin value as the triggering spin. The Cash Eruption Bonus cannot be retriggered. Free Spins Bonus The Free Spins Bonus is triggered when 3 Bonus Scatter Symbols appear anywhere on the reels 2, 3, and 4, or when 2 Bonus Scatter Symbols appear on reels 2 and 3 and a Super Bonus Scatter Symbol appears on reel 4. 5 or 10 free spins are awarded, respectively. In addition to line wins, Safe Scatter Symbols may appear on the reels and award a prize based on a randomly value assigned at the beginning of the bonus. Each symbol pays the same prize. Each Diamond Scatter Symbols appearing on the reels increases the value of additional Safe Symbols by a randomly assigned value for the following free spin. Each Diamond Symbol may have a different value. Starting on the last initially awarded free spin, if 1 or more Diamond Symbols appears anywhere on the reels, 1 additional free spin is awarded up to a maximum of 50 spins. Wins are evaluated after the reels stop spinning and before any Diamond Symbol values are added to Safe Symbol values. Reels used in the Free Spins Bonus are different from the reels used in the base game. Free spins are played at the same coin value as the triggering spin. Options All Sound Toggle game sounds on or off. Music Toggle music on or off. Sound Effects Toggle sound effects on or off. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far-left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins shown at current bet. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Only the highest scatter win is paid per Scatter Symbol. Coinciding scatter wins from different Scatter Symbols are added. Scatter wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Scatter wins shown at current bet. Bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Wild Symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols except Bonus, Super Bonus, and Coin Symbols in the base game, and Safe and Diamond Symbols in the Free Spins Bonus . 15 Wilds pay 5000x total bet. Bonus Symbols appear on reels 2, 3, and 4 in the base game. Super Bonus Symbols appear on reel 4 in the base game. Safe and Diamond Symbols appear in the Free Spins Bonus only. Coin Symbols appear in the base game and Cash Eruption Bonus only. The Cash Eruption Bonus is played on independent reels. All awards are scattered. No paylines are used. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there may be an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. Last modification date: 3/5/2025