Cleopatra Gold Cleopatra Gold features the classic Cleopatra gameplay you know and love, but now includes the added excitement of the incredible Gold Spins respin feature! Cleopatra and Cleopatra Gold symbols are both wild, doubling the pay of any line win they substitute in during the base game, and tripling any line win they substitute in during the bonus. When a full stack of Cleopatra Gold symbols lands, enjoy a free spin on a brand-new set of reels that appears stacked on top of the triggering reel window! And keep an eye on those Cleopatra Gold symbols – every time they land in a partial stack, there is a chance they will all nudge up or down to fill the reels and award the Gold Spins feature! How to Bet Cleopatra Gold features 20 paylines. Bet Configuration Menu (mobile/tablet) Press the arrow to open the bet configuration menu. Press the check mark to confirm and close the bet configuration menu. The theoretical return to player of this game is 94.96%. Lines Displays the current number of paylines. Betting is fixed at 20 paylines. Coin Value Displays the current coin value shown in currency. Total Bet Displays the current total bet shown in currency. Press the minus button (–) to decrease the total bet. Press the plus button (+) to increase the total bet. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current coin value and number of paylines. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Gold Spins Feature During the base game or Free Spins Bonus , Cleopatra Gold symbols in all positions on a reel trigger the Gold Spins feature. Cleopatra Gold symbols appearing in any position on a reel may nudge up or down 1 or 2 positions to fill all positions on that reel. When triggered, the Gold Spins feature awards a free respin on a new reel window that appears above the triggering reel window. A total of 3 reel windows may appear stacked on top of one another during the feature: Gold Spins Reel Window Positions 3 2 1 Reel windows 2 and 3 are available only when a Gold Spins spin is awarded for that reel window. If 1 or 2 Bonus scatter symbols appear in any position on the reels of a base game or free spin that awards a Gold Spins reel window, or appear on any position on the reels of a Gold Spins feature position, those symbols are collected in the bonus collection meter. When 3 Bonus scatter symbols have been collected in the bonus collection meter, 10 free spins are awarded. Each additional Bonus scatter symbol appearing in any position on the reels during that Gold Spins feature adds 2 extra free spins to the free spins collection meter in the base game, or in the Free Spins Bonus . Free spins, if awarded, are played after the completion of a Gold Spins feature. The bonus collection meter, or the free spins collection meter is cleared after the completion of the Gold Spins feature. The Gold Spins feature starts on reel window 2. If the feature-awarding symbols appear after the Gold Spin on reel window 2, a Gold Spin on reel window 3 is awarded. If the feature-awarding symbols appear after the Gold Spin on reel window 3, an additional Gold Spin on reel window 3 is awarded. If the feature-awarding symbols appear after the Gold Spin on reel window 1, a Gold Spin on reel window 2 is awarded. If the feature-awarding symbols do not appear after a Gold Spin on reel window 2, a Gold Spin on reel window 1 is awarded. If the feature-awarding symbols do not appear after a Gold Spin on reel window 3, an additional Gold Spin on reel window 2 is awarded. If the feature-awarding symbols do not appear after a Gold Spin on reel window 1, the feature ends. If full stacks of Cleopatra Gold symbols land 30 times in a single Gold Spins feature, no additional Gold Spins are awarded during that feature. Gold Spins in each reel window are played automatically on the same lines and at the same coin value as the spin that triggered the feature. Line wins in each reel window are evaluated independently. Wins are evaluated after all reel nudges are complete. The feature ends after reel window 1 spins without triggering the feature. Different reels are used in reel windows 2 and 3. Free Spins Bonus The Free Spins Bonus is triggered when three or more Bonus scatter symbols appear anywhere on the reels during a base game spin or any Gold Spins feature triggered during that base game spin. The initial 3 Bonus symbols award 10 free spins. Each additional Bonus symbol appearing in any position on the reels on that base game spin or during a Gold Spins feature triggered from that base game spin awards 2 additional free spins. Free spins are played at the same coin value and same number of paylines as the triggering spin. During the bonus, if one or more Cleopatra or Cleopatra Gold symbol substitutes in a win, the pay for that win is tripled. The Free Spins Bonus is retriggered when three or more Bonus scatter symbols appear anywhere on the reels during a bonus spin or any Gold Spins feature triggered during that bonus spin. The initial 3 Bonus symbols award 10 extra free spins. Each additional Bonus symbol appearing in any position on the reels on that bonus spin or during a Gold Spins feature triggered from that bonus spin awards 2 additional free spins. The bonus can be retriggered multiple times, up to a maximum of 150 free spins per bonus. Reels used in the Free Spins Bonus are different from the reels used in the base game. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. Reels are determined at the start of each spin. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far-left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the coin value on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Scatter symbols pay in any position on the reels of a single reel window. Only the highest scatter win is paid. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Scatter wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Cleopatra and Cleopatra Gold symbols are wild and substitute for all symbols except the Bonus symbol. Cleopatra symbol does not substitute for Cleopatra Gold symbols to award the Gold Spins Feature. When one or more Cleopatra and/or Cleopatra Gold symbols substitute in a win, that win is doubled in the base game only. When one or more Cleopatra and/or Cleopatra Gold symbols substitute in a win, that win is tripled in the Free Spins Bonus only. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent, except in cases where one spin unlocks a feature for a subsequent spin or series of spins, per the game rules. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given spin of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next spin are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of spins by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. Intellectual Property © 2020 IGT. All rights reserved. All other trademarks used herein are owned by IGT or its affiliates, may not be used without permission, and where indicated with a ®, are registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. Last updated 24 October 2019 The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/5/2020