Cleopatra Mega Jackpots A single spin could change your life! Line up 5 MegaJackpots symbols on the center payline to win a life-changing MegaJackpots fortune! The higher your bet, the better your odds are of winning the MegaJackpots progressive. Take a trip down the Nile and experience the mysteries of ancient Egypt One or more MegaJackpots symbols substituting in a line win double that win. 15 free spins in the Cleopatra Bonus bestow luxurious rewards with all wins tripled (excluding the 5 MegaJackpots award and the progressive) and offer even more chances at winning the MegaJackpots progressive! How To Bet MegaJackpots Cleopatra features 20 paylines Bet Configuration Menu (mobile/tablet/mini games) Press the arrow to open the bet configuration menu. Press the check mark to confirm and close the bet configuration menu. Lines Displays the current number of paylines. Betting is fixed at 20 paylines Line Bet Displays the current bet per line shown in currency. Press the minus button (-) to decrease the bet per line. Press the plus button (+) to increase the bet per line. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current line bet. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins, and where available the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN ; and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, or the balance is insufficient to spin again. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions Auto spin is not available in mini format Winning the MegaJackpots Progressive Every bet offers a chance to win the MegaJackpots progressive. The higher the bet, the better the odds of winning. Win the Jackpot with 5 MegaJackpots symbols on the center payline on any base game spin or on any free spin in the Cleopatra Bonus. After every spin that doesn't award the Jackpot, a behind-the-scenes Second Chance drawing occurs that can also award the MegaJackpots progressive The odds of winning the Jackpot are proportional to the actual bet amount within an accuracy of 3%. If 5 MegaJackpots symbols appear on a payline other than the center payline, then the standard paytable award for a 5 MegaJackpots symbol is won. Cleopatra Bonus The Cleopatra Bonus is triggered when three or more Sphinx scatter symbols anywhere on the reels. Triggering the Cleopatra Bonus awards 15 free spins. All wins, except the 5 MegaJackpots award and the progressive, are tripled in the Bonus. The Cleopatra Bonus is retriggered when three or more Sphinx scatter symbols appear anywhere on the reels. The bonus can be retriggered multiple times, up to a maximum of 180 free spins per bonus. Free spins are played at same line bet and same number of paylines as the triggering spin. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel Only the highest winner is paid on each payline_ Line wins are multiplied by the line bet on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Only the highest scatter win is paid. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Scatter wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Wins are shown in currency One or more MegaJackpots symbols completing a line win doubles the award value; except when the line win consists of only MegaJackpots symbols. When you win the Jackpot; a message appears notifying you that customer service will contact you within 24 hours with details of your Jackpot payout The win verification may take up to 72 hours, and the win will not be reflected in your account balance. You may continue to play. It will not affect your Jackpot. The amount paid after verification is approximately the amount seen on the Jackpot meter when the win occurs. Potentially, the awarded Jackpot could be somewhat higher because of display delays. All applicable taxes and fees in connection with any winnings awarded to you and any other payments to you are your sole responsibility Winnings cannot be transferred, substituted; or redeemed for any other consideration. Jackpot represents an increasing top award where the growth is funded by a fixed percentage of each bet placed by all players playing for the jackpot. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction, excluding the MegaJackpots progressive. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the Cleopatra Bonus plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus; the bonus ends immediately; even if there are remaining free spins Additional Information Lost Connection During Jackpot Win In the unlikely event of a lost connection or game reset during a jackpot-triggering spin, the jackpot will be awarded. Notification of the jackpot win will not appear on the game screen when the game is reloaded; and the win will not be reflected in your account balance. Any standard wins will be reflected in your account balance. Continued play, whether in this game or any other; does not affect the jackpot payout The Customer Service Team will contact you within 24 hours with the details of your jackpot payout The award verification may take up to 72 hours Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent, except in cases where one spin unlocks a feature for a subsequent spin or series of spins, per the game rules The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes; bet size (except the jackpot), balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced Intellectual Property @ 2017 IGT All rights reserved. All other trademarks used herein are owned by IGT or its affiliates, may not be used without permission, and where indicated with a e, are registered in the US Patent and Trademark Office. Last modification date: 5/24/2022