Candy Bars If you've got a sweet tooth for delicious wins, nothing will satisfy you like Candy Bars . Lollipops, peppermints, gumdrops, and candy 7s pay left to right and right to left. Fill every reel with any of these delectable treats and earn extra sweet Blackout wins. On top of all that, load reels with scrumptious chocolate to win progressive jackpots. Gumballs in line wins are Wild and double the line win pays. Two Wild Gumball symbols quadruple the line win pays! What could be sweeter than that? How to Bet Auto Spin Feature Progressive Jackpots Blackout Wins Rules Additional Information How to Bet Candy Bars features 50 paylines for 75 coins. 50 Lines Displays the current number of coins being played. Betting is fixed at 50 paylines which costs 75 coins. Coin Value Displays the current coin value shown in currency. Press the left arrow (–) to decrease the coin value. Press the right arrow (+) to increase the coin value. Spin Button Press to submit the bet and spin the reels. [ top ] Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current coin value. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until the STOP button is pressed, or the balance is insufficient to spin again. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. [ top ] Progressive Jackpots Filling reel 2 entirely with chocolate wins the Snack Size Jackpot. Filling reels 2 and 3 with chocolate wins the King Size Jackpot. Filling reels 2, 3, and 4 with chocolate wins the Giant Size Jackpot! Only highest winning progressive jackpot is paid in addition to any line wins. Chocolate appears on reels 2, 3, and 4 only. [ top ] Blackout Wins Fill the reels with a single symbol, or with mixed 7s, to win a sweet Blackout win! See paytable for details. Wild symbols do not substitute in Blackout wins. [ top ] Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. Line wins pay left to right or right to left. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with either the far left or the far right reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins and Blackout wins are multiplied by the coin value. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Line wins are paid in addition to Blackout wins. Wild symbols substitute for all other symbols and multiply line wins by 2. Two Wild symbols in a line win multiply that win by 4. Wild symbols appear on reels 2 and 3 only and do not substitute in Blackout wins. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. [ top ] Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given spin of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next spin are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of spins by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. The theoretical return to player of this game is 94.89% Intellectual Property All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of IGT in the U.S. and/or other countries. © 2016 IGT. All rights reserved. [ top ]