Cleopatra Keno How to Bet Press a number on the play area to mark spots. Press a marked spot to cancel that mark. The following commands are available during the game: BET UP – Press to increase the bet. BET DOWN – Press to decrease the bet. QUICK PICK – Press to automatically mark spots. Quick Pick defaults to 6 marked spots. CHANGE SPOTS - Change already selected spots, delete old spots, or add new spots. ERASE – Press to erase marked spots. START – Press to start the game at the current bet. How to Play Press the screen to mark 3 to 10 spots or press the Quick Pick button to randomly select spots. Press a marked spot to cancel that mark. To start the game, place a bet and press START. 20 numbers are drawn. If a drawn number matches the number of a marked spot, a hit is counted. Wins are based on the number of marks, the number of hits, and the bet amount. Bonus games are awarded if the last spot hit is a marked spot and it is a winning game. Autoplay Feature Autoplay plays the game automatically for a given number of games with the same marked spots. For jurisdictions where Autoplay is enabled: Press AUTOPLAY, then select the number of games to play and where available, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press START to begin. Autoplay plays the specified number of spins until AUTOPLAY STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to play, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Autoplay is only available in approved jurisdictions. Bonus games When the bonus is triggered, the player is awarded 12 bonus games. Bonus games cannot be retriggered. Any prize won during the bonus games is multiplied by 2. Options Sound Press to turn game sounds on or off. Paytable Press to see the award value for each winning outcome. Speed Press to change how fast the game plays. Only available in approved jurisdictions. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. Only the highest winner is paid. Wins are shown in currency and are based on the size of the bet. For jurisdictions where spacebar functionality is enabled it can be used as an alternative to the Start Button for a faster, smoother game experience. RTP - 94.22% Last modification date: 11/18/2025