Cleopatra II Return to the opulence of ancient Egypt in Cleopatra II . Fan-favourite Cleopatra grants royal riches with 2x wilds and reveals her hidden power in the Free Spins Bonus . Discover fabulous fortunes in the Free Spins Bonus with increasing multipliers – up to 50x! How to Bet Cleopatra II features 20 fixed paylines. Bet Settings Menu Press the cog or TOTAL BET to open the bet settings menu. Coins Displays the current number of coins being played. Coin Value Displays the current coin value shown in currency. To change the bet: Select the desired total bet. On desktop devices, optionally press the minus button (–) to decrease the total bet, or press the plus button (+) to increase the total bet. Press OK to confirm and close the bet configuration menu. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current total bet. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. 2x Wilds Feature If one or more Cleopatra II symbol substitutes in a win in the base game or in the Free Spins Bonus , that win is doubled, except for wins containing Cleopatra II symbols only. Cleopatra II symbol substitutes for all symbols except for Sphinx scatter symbol. Free Spins Bonus The Free Spins Bonus is triggered when three or more Sphinx scatter symbols appear anywhere on the reels. Choose a box to reveal the number of free spins awarded. Each box reveals a random number of free spins based on the number of triggering Sphinx symbols: Number of Sphinx Symbols Free Spin Range 5 10 – 20 4 8 – 18 3 5 – 15 The Free Spins Bonus has an initial multiplier value of 1x and increases by 1x on each spin, for up to a 50x multiplier. Free spin wins are multiplied by the coin value and the bonus multiplier on the winning spin, except for wins containing 5 Cleopatra II symbols only, which does not include a bonus multiplier. The reels in the Free Spins Bonus are richer than the base game reels. The Free Spins Bonus is retriggered when three or more Sphinx scatter symbols appear anywhere on the reels. Retriggering the Free Spins Bonus awards additional free spins equal to the initial number of free spins. The bonus can be retriggered multiple times, up to a maximum of 50 free spins per bonus. Free spins are played at same coin value as the triggering spin. Options All Sound Toggle game sounds on or off. Voice Toggle voiceover on or off. Music Toggle music on or off. Sound Effects Toggle sound effects on or off. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far-left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the coin value on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Only the highest scatter win is paid. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Scatter wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. When one or more Cleopatra II symbols substitute in a win, that win is doubled, except for wins containing Cleopatra II symbols only. Cleopatra II symbol substitutes for all symbols except for Sphinx scatter symbol. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there may be an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent, except in cases where one spin unlocks a feature for a subsequent spin or series of spins, per the game rules. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given spin of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next spin are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of spins by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. Intellectual Property Last updated 03 Feb 2021 The overall theoretical return to player is 95.88%. Last modification date: 12/19/2023