Cash Melon Cash Melon Cash Melon is a 5-reel game with 20 paylines and increasing scatter pays during the Free Spins Bonus . The value of the Mighty Melon Scatter Symbol increases with every Coin Symbol that appears during the Free Spins Bonus ! How to Bet Cash Melon features 20 paylines. Bet Settings Menu Press the cog to open the bet settings menu. Coins Displays the current number of coins being played. Betting is fixed at 20 paylines. Coin Value Displays the current coin value shown in currency. To change the bet: Select the desired total bet. On desktop devices, optionally press the minus button (–) to decrease the total bet, or press the plus button (+) to increase the total bet. Press OK to confirm and close the bet settings menu. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current coin value. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins and where available, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Mighty Melon Feature During the Free Spins Bonus , the Mighty Melon Scatter Symbol may appear in any symbol position on the reels, and may be stacked up to 3 symbol positions high. On the triggering spin of the Free Spins Bonus , the total sum value of all Coin Scatter Symbols appearing on the reels is awarded, and is the initial value for each Mighty Melon Symbol that appears during the remaining free spins. Available Coin Symbol values are 10, 12, 14, 16, 18, 20, 22, 24, 26, 28, 30, 40, 50, 60, 80, 90, 100, 200, and 500 coins. Coin Symbols that appear on the reels during the Free Spins Bonus are added to the total value of each Mighty Melon Symbol by the amount shown on the Coin Symbol. Each Mighty Melon Symbol that appears on the reels awards its current total value and is paid in addition to any line wins. Wins are evaluated after the reels stop spinning and before any Coin Symbol values are added to the Mighty Melon Scatter Symbol. Mystery Melon Feature During the base game, the Mystery Melon feature may be triggered. When the Mystery Melon feature is triggered, a Mystery Melon appears and awards 5 Coin Scatter Symbols on the reels. Free Spins Bonus The Free Spins Bonus is triggered when 5 or more Coin Scatter Symbols appear anywhere on the reels. Triggering the Free Spins Bonus awards 5 free spins. Starting from the fifth free spin, if 1 or more Coin Symbols appears anywhere on the reels, 1 additional free spin is awarded. Only 1 additional spin may be awarded per spin. At least one Coin on the last spin awards 1 additional spin. Maximum of 50 Free Spins can be played. Reels used in the Free Spins Bonus are different from the reels used in the base game. Free spins are played at same coin value as the triggering spin. Options Sound Toggle game sounds on or off. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far-left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the coin value on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Only the highest scatter win is paid per Scatter Symbol. Coinciding scatter wins from different Scatter Symbols are added. Scatter wins are multiplied by the coin value. Scatter wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Wild Symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols except Coin and Mighty Melon Symbols in the base game and the Free Spins Bonus . Mighty Melon Symbol appears on reels 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5 during the Free Spins Bonus only. Coin Scatter Symbol values are multiplied by coin value. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there may be an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. Last modification date: 3/15/2023