Cash Eruption Fiery wins could be yours as you explore the volcano in Cash Eruption ! The rewards are even hotter when 3 or more Volcanoes trigger the Free Spins Bonus , where reels 2, 3, and 4 erupt into jumbo symbols and ensure explosive big win potential! Collect 6 Fireballs to trigger the Cash Eruption Bonus, where collecting all 15 Fireballs awards the sizzling Grand Treasure! How to Bet Cash Eruption features 20 fixed paylines. Bet Configuration Menu (mobile/tablet) Press the arrow to open the bet configuration menu. Press the check mark to confirm and close the bet configuration menu. Lines Displays the current number of paylines. Coin Value Displays the current coin value shown in currency. Press the minus button (–) to decrease the coin value. Press the plus button (+) to increase the coin value. Total Bet Displays the current total bet shown in currency. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current coin value. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Expanding Wild Feature After the reel spin in the base game or in the Free Spins Bonus , Wild symbols in any position on reels 2, 3, 4, or 5 expand vertically and transform all symbols on the reel into Wild Fire Goddess symbols. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except the Fireball and Volcano symbols. Wins are evaluated after all transformations are complete. Wild symbols only expand if a winning combination is possible. Pattern Feature Earn a pattern win in the base game when all positions on reel 1 are filled with Red7 symbols and all positions on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5 are filled with Fire Goddess Wild symbols. Wild symbol does not substitute for Red7 symbols in a pattern win. Line wins are not paid in addition to pattern win. Cash Eruption Bonus The Cash Eruption Bonus is triggered when 6 or more Fireball scatter symbols appear anywhere on the reels in the base game, or when a Fireball symbol appears on the linked reels in the Free Spins Bonus . The Cash Eruption Bonus awards 3 initial respins. Each Fireball symbol that lands reveals either a prize value or a Jackpot award. All revealed prize values or Jackpot awards are locked in position for the remainder of the bonus. During each respin, additional Fireball symbols may land, revealing further prize values or Jackpot awards. Every time a Fireball symbol lands, the respin counter is reset to 3 respins remaining. Available credit values for bonus triggered from base game and small fireballs in Free Spins Bonus are 20, 40, 60, 80, 100, 200, 300, 400, 500, 1000, or 1500 times the line bet of the triggering spin, or mini, minor, or major jackpots. Available credit values for big fireball triggered from Free Spins Bonus are 100, 200, 300, 400, 500, 600, 800, 1000, 1200, 1600, or 1800 times the line bet of the triggering spin, or mini, minor, or major jackpots. Fill all 15 positions on the reels to win the Grand Treasure. The Grand Treasure is a fixed award and will not increase with higher bets. The Cash Eruption Bonus continues until no respins remain or until all 15 reel positions are filled. Locked prize values are cumulative and are awarded in addition to any eligible Jackpot award. Jackpot values are fixed awards based on the amount wagered and are not shared – they are only winnable by the player. Reels used in the Cash Eruption Bonus are different from the reels used in the base game and Free Spins Bonus . The Cash Eruption Bonus is played at the same coin value as the triggering spin. The Cash Eruption Bonus cannot be retriggered. Free Spins Bonus The Free Spins Bonus is triggered when 3 or more Volcano scatter symbols appear anywhere on the reels. The Free Spins Bonus awards 6 free spins. During the Free Spins Bonus , reels 2, 3, and 4 are linked, and only one jumbo symbol appears. All jumbo symbols appearing on the linked reels are 3 symbol positions high and 3 symbol positions wide. During the Free Spins Bonus , Volcano and Fireball symbols appear on the linked reels only. A jumbo Volcano symbol on the linked reels awards 3 additional free spins, for up to a maximum of 15 free spins per bonus. Reels used in the Free Spins Bonus are different than the reels used in the base game. Free spins are played at the same coin value as the triggering spin. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far-left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the coin value on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Only the highest Volcano scatter win is paid. Volcano scatter wins are independent from Cash Eruption Bonus wins and are added to the total amount paid. Volcano scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Scatter wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Pattern wins are independent from line wins. Wild symbol appears on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5 in the base game. Wild symbol appears on the linked reels and reel 5 in the Free Spins Bonus . Fireball and Volcano symbols appear on all reels in the base game. Fireball and Volcano symbols appear on the linked reels only in the Free Spins Bonus . The Cash Eruption Bonus is played on independent reels. All awards are scattered. No paylines are used. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent, except in cases where one spin unlocks a feature for a subsequent spin or series of spins, per the game rules. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. The Theoretical return to player (rtp) is 95%. Last modification date: 9/26/2025