Cats How to Play Cats™ · Introduction · How To Bet · Auto Spin · Split Symbols™ Feature · Free Spins Bonus · Options · Rules · Additional Information Introduction The old proverb still holds true, You will always be lucky if you know how to make friends with strange cats . Enter this rich land filled with wild cats that can double your playing experience and pocketbook. The Split Symbols™ feature counts for 2 symbols instead of just 1. A winning payline may have as few as 3 and as many as 10 symbols. In a great twist, wild symbols count for the Split Symbols™ feature, maximizing your wild wins. The Split Symbols™ feature gives you the best of both worlds: lots of wins and big win potential too. Get 5 or 6 paw prints anywhere on the middle three reels to enter the Free Spins Bonus. Enjoy 5 or 10 free spins depending on the number of triggering paw prints. Play Cats™ and see if you too can go wild with winnings! How To Bet Cats™ features 30 paylines. You can choose how much to bet per line and how many lines to play. You can also use Auto Spin to play the game for you. LINE BET Displays current bet per line shown in currency. Click the left arrow (with a minus sign) to decrease bet per line. Click the right arrow (with a plus sign) to increase bet per line. Clicking the left and right arrows does not necessarily decrease or increase your line bet in a linear fashion. Rather, your line bet decreases or increases at preset increments which represent the most popular bet amounts. SPIN Click to spin the reels and submit your bet. LINES Controls and changes the number of paylines played. The LINES box displays the current number of paylines played. Click the left arrow (minus sign) to decrease number of paylines played. Click the right arrow (plus sign) to increase number of paylines played. Choose between 1, 3, 5, 9, 15 or 30 paylines. Auto Spin Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of games at the current number of lines and line bet. Once you have selected your desired number of lines and line bet, click AUTO SPIN and choose how many games you want to play. Auto Spin will keep playing the specified number of games until you click the STOP button, you trigger a Bonus, or your balance is insufficient to spin again. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Split Symbols™ Feature In Cats™, each cat symbol comes in two varieties: single symbols and double symbols. Single symbols have one cat on them. Double symbols, which use the Split Symbols™ feature, have two of the same cat on them. There are single and double versions of each cat on every reel. Winning outcomes are based on the number of matching cats on a payline (from left to right), not just the number of matching symbols. Enjoy wins by getting as few as 3 matching cats and as many as 10 matching cats for huge wins. Similarly, you can win a 3-symbol pay or even a 4-symbol pay on just the first two reels. This lucrative Split Symbols™ feature is enhanced by the Cats ™ Logo symbol. The Cats ™ Logo symbol is wild and can substitute for the highest-paying cat symbol or highest-paying royal symbol that completes a win. When substituting for an cat symbol, Cats ™ Logo symbols are always evaluated using the Split Symbols™ feature - making these wild symbols extremely valuable. Free Spins Bonus Get 5 or 6 paw prints anywhere on reels 2, 3, or 4 to trigger the Free Spins Bonus. Just like the other cats symbols, paw prints appear either as single symbols or double symbols which use the Split Symbols™ feature. Two Double Paw Print symbols and one Single Paw Print symbol equal 5 paw prints. Three Double Paw Print symbols equal 6 paw prints. More paw prints trigger more free spins. Get 5 paw prints and win 5 free spins. Get 6 paw prints and win 10 free spins. (Get 4 paw prints and win a scatter award. See paytable for details.) These Free Spin Bonus reels are extraordinarily rich - several times richer than the main game reels. Options Graphics Quality Adjust the quality of the graphics to get the optimal animation performance. BEST mode - Graphics look best, but performance may suffer. HIGH mode - (default) Optimal graphics and performance setting. MEDIUM mode - Lower quality but increased performance. LOW mode - Degraded graphics, but smoothest animation performance is achieved even on slower computers. Rules Malfunction voids all pays and plays. All payline award symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. All payline wins occur on bet lines only. Only highest winner paid on each payline. Only one award paid per payline. Line wins are multiplied by the line bet on the winning line. Coinciding wins on different paylines are added. Scatter awards are independent from payline awards and are also added to the total amount paid. 4 paw prints award scatter pay; no bonus triggered. 5 or 6 paw prints trigger bonus; no scatter pay awarded. Awards are shown in currency. The Split Symbols™ feature counts for two of that symbol in a winning outcome. A winning outcome of cat symbols is based on the number of matching cats on that payline starting from left to right. Wild symbols substitute using the Split Symbols™ feature when part of a winning outcome of cats. There is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the Free Spins Bonus plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the Bonus, the Bonus may end early before all free spins have been completed. Additional Information In addition to the features described in the How To Bet section, the Controls Bar on the bottom of the game screen displays the current balance in the chosen currency, the amount paid if a win occurs, and the amount bet on the last/current proposition. The theoretical return to player of this game is 94.93% Cats and Split Symbols are trademarks or registered trademarks of IGT in the U.S. and/or other countries, and are used with permission. Copyright © 2010 IGT. All rights reserved. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/5/2020