Cash Eruption Red Hot Joker Cash Eruption Red Hot Joker Cash Eruption Red Hot Joker features Joker and Red Hot Joker Symbols that can expand to fill the reel. When a Wild Red Hot Joker Symbol substitutes in a line win, that win is doubled! Collect 6 or more Fireball Symbols to trigger the Cash Eruption Bonus , where collecting all 15 Fireballs awards the Grand Jackpot! How to Bet Cash Eruption Red Hot Joker features 10 paylines. Bet Settings Menu Press the cog or TOTAL BET to open the Bet Settings menu. Coins Displays the current number of coins being played. Betting is fixed at 10 paylines. Coin Value Displays the current coin value shown in currency. Total Bet Displays the current total bet shown in currency. Change by selecting the desired total bet. On desktop devices, optionally press the minus button (–) to decrease the total bet or press the plus button (+) to increase the total bet. Press OK to confirm and close the Bet Settings menu. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current coin value. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins and where available, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Expanding Wild Feature During the base game, if a Red Hot Joker Symbol appears in any position on reel 3, all symbol positions on that reel transform into Wild Red Hot Joker Symbols if a winning combination is possible. Red Hot Joker Symbol appears on reel 3 only. Wild Red Hot Joker Symbol substituting in a line win multiplies the pay for that win by 2x. During the base game, if a Joker Symbol appears in any position on a reel, all symbol positions on that reel transform into Wild Joker Symbols if a winning combination is possible. Joker Symbol appears on reels 2, 3, and 4 only. Wins are evaluated after all symbol transformations are complete. Cash Eruption Bonus The Cash Eruption Bonus is triggered when 6 or more Fireball Scatter Symbols appear anywhere on the reels in the base game. During the base game, Fireball Scatter Symbols are collected in the meter above the reels. The meter resets after every spin. The Cash Eruption Bonus awards 3 initial respins. Each Fireball Symbol that lands reveals either a prize value or a Jackpot award. All revealed prize values or Jackpot awards are locked in position for the remainder of the bonus. During each respin, additional Fireball Symbols may land, revealing further prize values or Jackpot awards. Every time a Fireball Symbol lands, the respin counter is reset to 3 respins remaining. Fireballs may reveal cash prizes or Mini, Minor, or Major Jackpots. Fill all 15 positions on the reels to win the Grand Jackpot. The Cash Eruption Bonus continues until no respins remain or until all 15 reel positions are filled. Locked prize values are cumulative and are awarded in addition to any eligible Jackpot award. Jackpot values are fixed awards based on the amount wagered and are not shared – they are only winnable by the player. Multiple Major, Minor, Mini Jackpots may be awarded during the Cash Eruption Bonus . Reels used in the Cash Eruption Bonus are different from the reels used in the base game. The Cash Eruption Bonus is played at the same coin value as the triggering spin. The Cash Eruption Bonus cannot be retriggered. Options All Sound Toggle game sounds on or off. Sound Effects Toggle sound effects on or off. Music Toggle music on or off. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far-left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the coin value on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Only the highest scatter win is paid per Scatter Symbol. Coinciding scatter wins from different Scatter Symbols are added. Scatter wins are multiplied by the coin value. Scatter wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Joker and Wild Joker Symbols appear on reels 2, 3, and 4 in the base game. Red Hot Joker and Wild Red Hot Joker Symbols appear on reel 3 in the base game. Wild Joker Symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols except Fireball, Dollar Scatter, Star Scatter, Red Hot Joker, and Wild Red Hot Joker Symbols. Wild Red Hot Joker is wild and substitutes for all symbols except Fireball, Dollar Scatter, Star Scatter, Joker, and Wild Joker Symbols. Star Scatter Symbol appears on reels 1, 3, and 5 only. The Cash Eruption Bonus is played on independent reels. All awards are scattered. No paylines are used. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there may be an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately. Last modification date: 4/1/2025