Crazy Wizard Introduction Grab your spell-book and brew up your favorite potion as to summon some big wins in Crazy Wizard ! Meet the wild Wizard himself, who conjures spells that double a win when he appears in a winning payline. His magical Dragon joins in the fun and triggers the Free Spins Bonus , where even more Wizard symbols can appear! The Free Spins Bonus offers mesmerizing multipliers and fascinating free spins, as well as a Random Wild feature that randomly replaces 2 or more symbols with the wild Wizard symbol. The charming fun continues with a chance to win the Mystery Jackpot on any spin in the base game! It’s a spellbinding good time with Crazy Wizard ! How to Bet Crazy Wizard features 10 paylines. Bet Configuration Menu (mobile/tablet/mini games) Press the arrow to open the bet configuration menu. Press the check mark to confirm and close the bet configuration menu. Lines Displays the current number of paylines. Betting is fixed at 10 paylines. Coin Value Displays the current coin value shown in currency. Press the minus button (–) to decrease the coin value. Press the plus button (+) to increase the coin value. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current coin value and number of paylines. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Auto Spin feature is not available in mini format. Jackpot Every bet offers a chance to win the Jackpot . The higher the bet, the better the odds of winning. The Jackpot is a fixed award, and is not shared – can only be won by the player. The value of the Jackpot is displayed above the reels in the base game. Free Spins Bonus The Free Spins Bonus is triggered when three or more Bonus scatter symbols appear anywhere on the reels. These symbols can be found on every reel. During each free spin 2, 3 or 4 non-Wild symbols on the reels are randomly replaced by the Wild symbol. The Wild symbol cannot replace a Bonus scatter symbol or another Wild symbol. Wins are evaluated after all WILD symbols are revealed. Number of Scatter Symbols Free Spins Awarded 3 10 4 20 5 30 The Free Spins Bonus is retriggered when three or more Bonus scatter symbols appear anywhere on the reels during the Free Spins Bonus . Number of Scatter symbols Additional Free Spins Awarded 3 10 4 20 5 30 The Free Spins Bonus can be retriggered multiple times, up to a maximum of 250 free spins per bonus. Free spins are played at same coin value and same number of paylines as the triggering spin. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the coin value on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Scatter wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Only the highest scatter win is paid. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. The Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except the Bonus scatter symbol. Wild symbols included in a winning combination double the win. This only applies if in combination with other symbols than itself. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the Paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately. Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent, except in cases where one spin unlocks a feature for a subsequent spin or series of spins, per the game rules. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size (except the Jackpot), balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. The Theoretical Return To Player (RTP) is 96.56%. Last modification date: 3/18/2021