Cleopatra HyperHits Cleopatra Hyper Hits! Take a trip down the Nile and unravel the mysteries of ancient Egypt in Cleopatra Hyper Hits! Watch for Hyper Scatter Symbols to trigger the Hyper Hits! feature, where Cleopatra Symbols can substitute and multiply Hyper Hits! wins! During the Free Spins Bonus , collect Cleopatra Symbols to increase the Cleopatra multiplier and win additional free spins. How to Bet Cleopatra Hyper Hits! features 20 paylines. Bet Settings Menu Press the cog or TOTAL BET to open the Bet Settings menu. Coins Displays the current number of coins being played. Betting is fixed at 20 paylines. Coin Value Displays the current coin value shown in currency. Total Bet Displays the current total bet shown in currency. Change by selecting the desired total bet. On desktop devices, optionally press the minus button (–) to decrease the total bet or press the plus button (+) to increase the total bet. Press OK to confirm and close the Bet Settings menu. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current coin value. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins and where available, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. 2x Wilds Feature In the base game, if 1 or more Cleopatra Symbols substitutes in a win, that win is doubled. Cleopatra Symbol substitutes for all symbols except the Sphinx Scatter Symbol. Hyper Hits! Feature The Hyper Hits! feature is triggered when 3 or more Hyper Scatter Symbols appear on the center reels. These symbols are only found on reels 2, 3, and 4. Triggering the Hyper Hits! feature awards a scatter pay based on the number of Hyper Scatter Symbols and Cleopatra Symbols on the reels. Cleopatra Symbol substitutes for Hyper Scatter Symbols when both Hyper Scatter Symbols and Cleopatra Symbols are on the reels. During the base game, when 1 or more Cleopatra Symbols substitute in the Hyper Hits! feature, the win is doubled. For example, if there are 2 Hyper Scatter Symbols and 2 Cleopatra Symbols, the award is for 4 Hyper Scatter Symbols, which pays 3x total bet. This award is multiplied by the 2x Wilds feature, for a total of 6x total bet. During the Free Spins Bonus , when 1 or more Cleopatra Symbols substitute in the Hyper Hits! feature, the win is multiplied by the current Cleopatra multiplier. Free Spins Bonus The Free Spins Bonus is triggered when 3 or more Sphinx Scatter Symbols appear anywhere on the reels. Number of Sphinx Symbols Free Spins Awarded 3 10 4 15 5 20 During the Free Spins Bonus , if 1 or more Cleopatra Symbols substitutes in a win, that win is multiplied by the Cleopatra multiplier. The Cleopatra multiplier starts at x3. During the Free Spins Bonus , Cleopatra Symbols are collected in the meter above the reels. For every 4 Cleopatra Symbols collected, the Cleopatra multiplier increases, and 5 free spins are awarded. Number of Cleopatra Symbols Collected Cleopatra Multiplier Additional Free Spins Awarded 4 4 5 8 5 5 12 10 5 A maximum of 12 Cleopatra Symbols may be collected for a total of x10 multiplier and 15 additional free spins. The Free Spins Bonus is retriggered when 3 or more Sphinx Scatter Symbols appear anywhere on the reels. Number of Sphinx Symbols Additional Free Spins Awarded 3 10 4 15 5 20 The bonus can be retriggered multiple times, up to a maximum of 200 free spins per bonus. Reels used in the Free Spins Bonus are different from the reels used in the base game. Reels are determined at the start of each free spin. Free spins are played at same coin value as the triggering spin. Options All Sound Toggle game sounds on or off. Music Toggle music on or off. Sound Effects Toggle sound effects on or off. Voice Toggle voiceover on or off. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far-left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the coin value on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Only the highest scatter win is paid per Scatter Symbol. Coinciding scatter wins from different Scatter Symbols are added. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Scatter wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Cleopatra Symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols except Sphinx Scatter Symbol in the base game and the Free Spins Bonus . Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there may be an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. Last modification date: 11/13/2024