Cool Catch 2: License 2 Krill How to Bet Bet Settings Menu Press the wheel or TOTAL BET to open the Bet Settings menu. Coins Displays the current number of coins being played. Betting is fixed at 20 paylines. Coin Value Displays the current coin value shown in currency. Total Bet Displays the current total bet shown in currency. Change by selecting the desired total bet. On desktop devices, optionally press the minus button (–) to decrease the total bet or press the plus button (+) to increase the total bet. Press OK to confirm and close the Bet Settings menu. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current bet. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins and where available, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN, and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Wheel Bonus In the base game, a Wheel Scatter Symbol appearing on reel 1 triggers the Wheel Bonus. 1 wheel spin is awarded. After the wheel stops spinning, the prize indicated by the wheel pointer is awarded. Cash prizes, Coin Boost multipliers and free spins (10) are available on the wheel. When a Coin Boost multiplier is awarded, the multiplier is added to the Coin Booster meter. Each Coin Boost multiplier awarded increases the Coin Booster meter by 1x up to maximum value of 5x. Cash prizes awarded on the wheel are shown in currency and are not multiplied by the Coin Boost multiplier. Ca$hLink Deluxe Feature In the base game, a Collect Scatter Symbol appearing on reel 5 and any Coin Scatter Symbols appearing on reel 1, 2, 3 or 4, trigger the Ca$hLink Deluxe feature. All Coin Scatter Symbols that do not reveal MEGA, MAXI, MINOR, or MINI are assigned a cash value. Cash values are multiplied by the current value displayed in the Coin Booster meter. All revealed prizes, including any MEGA, MAXI, MINOR, or MINI are awarded. All prizes are shown in currency. More than 1 MEGA, MAXI, MINOR, or MINI may be awarded. MEGA, MAXI, MINOR, and MINI are available in the base game and Free Spins, and are multiplied by the Coin Boost multiplier. The Coin Booster meter resets after each Ca$hLink Deluxe feature in the base game is completed. Multipliers in the Coin Booster meter are saved across play sessions and individually for each total bet. During the base game, the Submarine Cash Link feature may award Ca$hLink Deluxe feature randomly. During the Free Spins Bonus, the Albert Ross Cash Link feature may award Ca$hLink Deluxe feature randomly. Free Spins Bonus 3 Free Spins Scatter Symbols appearing anywhere on reels 1, 3, and 5, or when Free Spins are indicated in the Wheel Bonus, trigger the Free Spins Bonus. 10 free spins, with 10 additional paylines are awarded. During the bonus, Collect Scatter Symbols can appear on any reel. Coin Symbols land in stacks that fill an entire reel. If a Collect Symbol and any Coin Symbols appear on the reels the Ca$hLink Deluxe feature is triggered. If 2 Collect Symbols appear on the reels during the Ca$hLink Deluxe feature, all Coin Symbols on the reels are collected twice. The value of the Coin Booster meter when entering the bonus remains the same throughout the Free Spins Bonus and does not reset after each Ca$hLink Deluxe feature trigger. Any Coin Symbols that land on the reels that do not trigger the Ca$hLink Deluxe feature are collected in a Catch All meter. When the Bonus ends, spin the Catch All reels. If 3 Coins land on the payline the prize value in the Catch All meter is awarded. Prizes awarded in the Catch All meter are shown in currency and are not multiplied by the Coin Booster meter. Free spins are played at the same total bet as the triggering spin. Different reels are used in the Free Spins Bonus. The Free Spins Bonus cannot be retriggered. Free spins are played on a 5x5 reel matrix with 30 paylines. Options All Sound Toggle game sounds on or off. Sound Effects Toggle sound effects on or off. Music Toggle music on or off. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far-left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are shown at current bet. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Free Spins Scatter Symbol appears on reels 1, 3, and 5 only in the base game. Bonus and feature wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Wild Symbol appears on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5 in the base game and the Free Spins Bonus. Collect Scatter Symbol appears on reel 5 only in the base game, and on all reels in the Free Spins Bonus. Wheel Scatter Symbol appears on reel 1 only in the base game. Coin Scatter Symbols appear on reels 1, 2, 3, and 4 only in the base game and on all reels in the Free Spins Bonus. More than 1 MEGA, MAXI, MINOR, or MINI can be won in the base game and the Free Spins Bonus. Wins are shown in currency. In this game, the wheel is a graphical animation for entertainment purposes only and does not represent an actual wheel. The chances of obtaining a specific segment are therefore not equiprobable. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there may be an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. Last modification date: 9/16/2025