Cats The old proverb still holds true, You will always be lucky if you know how to make friends with strange cats . Enter this rich land filled with wild cats that can double your playing experience and pocketbook. The Split Symbols feature counts for 2 symbols instead of just 1. A winning payline may have as few as 3 and as many as 10 symbols. In a great twist, wild symbols count for the Split Symbols feature, maximizing your wild wins. The Split Symbols feature gives you the best of both worlds: lots of wins and big win potential too. Get 5 or 6 paw prints anywhere on the middle three reels to enter the Free Spins Bonus . Enjoy 5 or 10 free spins depending on the number of triggering paw prints. Play Cats and see if you too can go wild with winnings! How To Bet Cats features 30 paylines. LINE BET Displays the current bet per line shown in currency. Press the left arrow (-) to decrease bet per line. Press the right arrow (+) to increase bet per line. LINES Displays the current number of paylines selected. Press the left arrow (-) to decrease the number of paylines played. Press the right arrow (+) to increase number of paylines played. SPIN Press SPIN to submit the bet and spin the reels. Split Symbols Feature In Cats , each cat symbol comes in two varieties: single symbols and double symbols. Single symbols have one cat on them. Double symbols, which use the Split Symbols feature, have two of the same cat on them. There are single and double versions of each cat on every reel. Winning outcomes are based on the number of matching cats on a payline (from left to right), not just the number of matching symbols. Enjoy wins by getting as few as 3 matching cats and as many as 10 matching cats for huge wins. Similarly, you can win a 3-symbol pay or even a 4-symbol pay on just the first two reels. This lucrative Split Symbols feature is enhanced by the Cats Logo symbol. The Cats Logo symbol is wild and can substitute for the highest-paying cat symbol or highest-paying royal symbol that completes a win. When substituting for an cat symbol, Cats Logo symbols are always evaluated using the Split Symbols feature - making these wild symbols extremely valuable. Free Spins Bonus The Free Spins Bonus is triggered by getting 5 or 6 paw prints anywhere on the reels. These symbols are only found on reels 2, 3 and 4. Just like the other cats symbols, paw prints appear either as single symbols or double symbols which use the Split Symbols feature. Two Double Paw Print symbols and one Single Paw Print symbol equal 5 paw prints. Three Double Paw Print symbols equal 6 paw prints. More paw prints trigger more free spins. Get 5 paw prints and win 5 free spins. Get 6 paw prints and win 10 free spins. (Get 4 paw prints and win a scatter award. See paytable for details.) Free Spins Bonus reels are extraordinarily rich - several times richer than the base game reels. Free Spins are played at same line bet and same number of paylines as the triggering game. Bonus ends and total bonus win is awarded when 0 free spins remain or if top award limit reached. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the line bet on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are addedWins are shown in currency. 4 paw prints award scatter win; no bonus triggered. 5 or 6 paw prints trigger bonus; no scatter win awarded. Scatter wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. The Split Symbols feature counts for two of that symbol in a winning outcome. A winning outcome of cat symbols is based on the number of matching cats on that payline starting from left to right. Wild symbols substitute using the Split Symbols feature when part of a winning outcome of cats. Paw and Double Paw symbols appear on reels 2, 3, and 4 only. No Paw and Double Paw symbols in the Free Spins Bonus . Regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the Free Spins Bonus plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the Bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent, except in cases where one spin unlocks a feature for a subsequent spin or series of spins, per the game rules. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. RTP = 94.93% Intellectual Property © 2017 IGT. All rights reserved. All other trademarks used herein are owned by IGT or its affiliates, may not be used without permission, and where indicated with a ®, are registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. Last modification date: 12/22/2021