Casino Zeppelin Welcome to Cazino Zeppelin Video Slot with Free Spins featuring Wild Transfers and Sticky Wilds! ABOUT THE GAME Cazino Zeppelin is a Video Slot with 5 reels and 20 paylines oriented from the left to right. The game has eight regular symbols that win if three or more are lined up in sequence on a payline, beginning in the leftmost position. There are 5 different Wild symbols which substitute for all symbols except the Free Spin symbol. Wild symbols have a different appearance on each reel but act in the same way. Whenever 2 or more Free Spin symbols appear anywhere on the reels you win x2 the bet. When 3 or more Free Spin symbols appear anywhere on the screen, you win x2 the bet and Free Spins: 3 symbols award 10 spins, 4 symbols award 15 spins, 5 symbols award 20 spins. The Free Spin mode is played with the same bet and lines that activated it. Wild Transfers: Any wilds appearing in the base spin activating Free Spins; will be transferred to the Free Spin and stay in that position on the reel during the entire Free Spin session. Sticky Wilds: All wilds that appear during the Free Spin session will stay in their places during the entire Free Spin session. Extended Free Spins: If all five reels contain at least one Wild symbol, the Free Spin session is extended by five extra spins at the end of initially triggered Free Spin session. Extra Free Spins can only be awarded once per Free Spin session. Winning probabilities in Free Spins are dynamically adjusted based on previous spins during the bonus. HOW TO PLAY Press the Spin button to start game HOW TO CALCULATE PAYLINE WINS To calculate your total payline win, calculate all payline wins and add them together. To calculate a single payline win, count the number of identical symbols lined up in sequence on the line. If the payline pays from the left, then start counting from the far left. If the payline pays from the right, then start counting from the far right. If three or more identical symbols lined up, find the payout in the Pay Table. There you can find the value for 3 in a row, 4 in a row, and 5 in a row for all symbols. Only the highest winning combination per line is paid out. If the winning combination starts with 3 or 4 wilds, there can be many ways to interpret the win. In this scenario, only the highest win combination is paid out. 5 wilds in line pay out as 5 highest paying symbols. The above doesn't include Free Spin symbols which pay scattered. Scattered Free Spin symbols payout x2 the bet. GAME OPTIONS Click the PLUS icon in the bottom left corner to expand or collapse the options tray. Pay Table – Find how much each symbol pays out, explanations of the game features, and information on the paylines. Game Settings – Change the game speed, sound volume, and other settings. Game History – If this feature is enabled on your gaming website, you may review and replay your last 10 game rounds. Game Rules – Opens the rules of the game. Mute – Turn the sounds on or off. (Some features and options may not be available in your jurisdiction) GAME PANEL Lines – Displays the number of lines in the game. The number of lines is fixed and cannot be changed. Bet Level – Changes the bet size. Bet – Displays the current bet. Max Bet – Available on desktop. Sets the bet value to the largest available. Press the Max Bet-button again to go back to the bet value you had before. Spin Button– Start the game. Players can spin with the scroll button. Autoplay – Players can make the game play without pressing the spin button each time. Choose the number of rounds to auto play by pressing the autoplay button. Players can choose additional conditions for when to stop autoplay in the Game Settings. The loss limit in some game client versions prevent players from losing above a set limit during an autoplay session. Pressing the autoplay button a second time stops the autoplay. Win – Displays the win for the current or last win payout step. Balance – Displays your account balance. RETURN TO PLAYER The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of spins by numerous players over an extended period of time. The overall theoretical return to player is 96.24% In some jurisdictions, regardless of the bet size, there may be an award cap on any single transaction. Max award cap is $250,000.00. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining Free Spins. Malfunction voids all pays and plays Last modification date: 4/10/2024