Cash Eruption Vegas It’s a hot time on the Strip tonight in Cash Eruption Vegas ! Get ready for sizzling big win potential when 3 Bonus Symbols trigger the Free Spins Bonus , where reels 2, 3, and 4 expand into jumbo symbols. Collect 6 or more Gold Coins to trigger the Cash Eruption Bonus , where collecting all 15 Gold Coins awards the Grand award! Fiery wins could be yours! How to Bet Cash Eruption Vegas features 20 paylines. Bet Settings Menu Press the cog or TOTAL BET to open the Bet Settings menu. Coin Value Displays the current coin value shown in currency. Change by selecting the desired total bet. On desktop devices, optionally press the minus button (–) to decrease the total bet, or press the plus button (+) to increase the total bet. Press OK to confirm and close the Bet Settings menu. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current coin value. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins and where available, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Cash Eruption Bonus The Cash Eruption Bonus is triggered when 6 or more Gold Coin Scatter Symbols appear anywhere on the reels in the base game, in the Free Spins Bonus, or when a jumbo Gold Coin Symbol appears on the linked reels in the Free Spins Bonus . During the base game, Gold Coin Scatter Symbols are collected in the meter above the reels. The meter resets after every spin. The Cash Eruption Bonus awards 3 initial respins. Each Gold Coin Symbol that appears reveals either a prize value or a Major, Minor or Mini award. All revealed prize values and awards are locked in position for the remainder of the bonus. When the Cash Eruption Bonus is triggered by a jumbo Coin Symbol, the jumbo Coin Symbol splits into 9 small Coin Symbols with the same value on all 9 symbols. Every time a Gold Coin Symbol appears, the respin counter is reset to 3 respins remaining. During each respin, additional Gold Coin Symbols may appear, revealing further prize values or awards. Available prize values for the bonus triggered in the base game and small Gold Coins in the Free Spins Bonus are 15, 20, 25, 30, 50, 75, 125, or 200 times the coin value of the triggering spin, or Mini, Minor, or Major awards. Available prize values for the jumbo Gold Coin triggered from the Free Spins Bonus are 15, 20, 25, 30, 50, 75, 125, or 200 times the coin value of the triggering spin, or Mini, Minor, or Major awards. Fill all 15 positions on the reels to win the Grand award. The Cash Eruption Bonus continues until no respins remain or until all 15 reel positions are filled. Locked prize values are cumulative and are awarded in addition to any eligible Grand, Major, Minor, or Mini awards. Multiple Grand, Major, Minor, and Mini awards may be awarded during the Cash Eruption Bonus. Reels used in the Cash Eruption Bonus are different from the reels used in the base game and Free Spins Bonus . The Cash Eruption Bonus is played at the same coin value as the triggering spin. The Cash Eruption Bonus cannot be retriggered. Free Spins Bonus The Free Spins Bonus is triggered when 3 Bonus Scatter Symbols appear anywhere on the reels. Triggering the Free Spins Bonus awards 10 free spins. During the Free Spins Bonus , reels 2, 3, and 4 are linked, and only 1 jumbo symbol appears. All jumbo symbols appearing on the linked reels are 3 symbol positions high and 3 symbol positions wide. During the Free Spins Bonus , Bonus Symbols only appear on the linked reels. A jumbo Bonus Symbol on the linked reels awards 10 additional free spins, up to a maximum of 200 free spins per bonus. Reels used in the Free Spins Bonus are different from the reels used in the base game. Free spins are played at the same coin value as the triggering spin. Options All Sound Toggle game sounds on or off. Music Toggle music on or off. Sound Effects Toggle sound effects on or off. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far-left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the coin value on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Only the highest scatter win is paid. Scatter wins are independent from Cash Eruption Bonus wins and are added to the total amount paid. Bonus Scatter Symbol wins are multiplied by the total bet. Scatter wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Wild Symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols except Bonus and Gold Coin Symbols in the base game and the Free Spins Bonus . Bonus Symbol appear on reels 2, 3, and 4 in the base game. Bonus Symbols appear on the linked reels only in the Free Spins Bonus . The Cash Eruption Bonus is played on independent reels. All awards are scattered. No paylines are used. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there may be an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. Additional Information In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent, except in cases where one spin unlocks a feature for a subsequent spin or series of spins, per the game rules. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given spin of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next spin are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of spins by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. The expected payback value is also based upon correct player choices for any games which involve main game and/or bonus game play strategy. If applicable, the maximum win on any transaction including the results of any triggered bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus, is capped at 250,000.00. Last modification date: 12/6/2023