Cleopatra MEGA A single spin could change your life! Line up 5 MegaJackpots symbols on the centre payline to win a life-changing MegaJackpots fortune! The higher your bet, the better your odds are of winning the MegaJackpots progressive. Take a trip down the Nile and experience the mysteries of ancient Egypt. One or more MegaJackpots symbols substituting in a line win double that win. 15 free spins in the Cleopatra Bonus bestow luxurious rewards with all wins tripled (excluding the 5 MegaJackpots award and the progressive) and offer even more chances at winning the MegaJackpots progressive! How To Bet MegaJackpots Cleopatra features 20 paylines. LINE BET Displays the current bet per line shown in currency. Press the left arrow (–) to decrease the bet per line. Press the right arrow (+) button to increase the bet per line. LINES Lines are fixed at 20 paylines for this game. SPIN BUTTON Press to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current line bet and at 20 paylines. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN, and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until the STOP button is pressed, a bonus is triggered, or the balance is insufficient to spin again. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Winning the MegaJackpots Progressive Every bet offers a chance to win the MegaJackpots progressive. The higher the bet, the better the odds of winning. Win the Jackpot with 5 MegaJackpots symbols on the centre payline on any base game spin or on any free spin in the Cleopatra Bonus. After every spin that doesn't award the Jackpot, a behind-the-scenes Second Chance drawing occurs that can also award the MegaJackpots progressive. The odds of winning the Jackpot are exactly proportional to the actual bet amount. Therefore, the game is completely fair, offering the same odds per amount bet per currency. For example, a player playing at a 0.20 line bet has twice the chance of winning the Jackpot as a player playing at a 0.10 line bet in the same game and currency. The expected return to player is the same for both players. If 5 MegaJackpots symbols appear on a payline other than the centre payline, then the standard paytable award for a 5 MegaJackpots symbol is won. Cleopatra Bonus The Cleopatra Bonus is triggered by getting three or more Sphinx scatter symbols anywhere on the reels. Triggering the Cleopatra Bonus awards 15 free spins. All wins, except the 5 MegaJackpots award and the progressive, are tripled in the Bonus. Retrigger the Cleopatra Bonus by getting three or more Sphinx scatter symbols anywhere on the reels. The bonus can be retriggered multiple times, up to a maximum of 180 free spins per bonus. Free spins are played at same line bet and same number of paylines as the triggering spin. Options Graphics Quality Adjust the quality of the graphics to get the optimal animation performance. BEST mode - Highest quality graphics, but performance may suffer. HIGH mode (default) - Balance graphics and performance setting. MEDIUM mode - Lower quality but increased performance. LOW mode - Minimal graphics, but smoothest animation performance is achieved even on slower computers. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the line bet on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Only the highest scatter win is paid. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Scatter wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Wins are shown in currency. One or more MegaJackpots symbols completing a line win doubles the award value, except when the line win consists of only MegaJackpots symbols. When you win the Jackpot, a message appears notifying you that customer service will contact you within 24 hours with details of your Jackpot payout. The win verification may take up to 72 hours, and the win will not be reflected in your account balance. You may continue to play. It will not affect your Jackpot. The amount paid after verification is approximately the amount seen on the Jackpot meter when the win occurs. Potentially, the awarded Jackpot could be somewhat higher because of display delays. The Jackpot paid may also be higher due to meter smoothing, when some meter growth from peak times may be spread across slower periods. In an exceptionally rare case, the award value could be the Jackpot seed amount if your Jackpot winning outcome occurred just after another player's Jackpot win but before the Jackpot meter was able to reset due to this earlier winner. All applicable taxes and fees in connection with any winnings awarded to you and any other payments to you are your sole responsibility. Winnings cannot be transferred, substituted, or redeemed for any other consideration. The Casino may deactivate this game at any time. If the Casino decides to continue the game after a Jackpot is won, the Casino is under no obligation to re-seed the Jackpot with the amount of the previous seed or any other amount. In the event that the Casino decides to terminate the game, or the game becomes permanently unavailable due to unforeseeable circumstances, the Casino holds any funds shown in the Jackpot meter. The Casino may increase or decrease the size of the Jackpot award by contributing or removing money at any time. Jackpot represents an increasing top award where the growth is funded by a fixed percentage of each bet placed by all players playing for the jackpot. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction, excluding the MegaJackpots progressive. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the Free Spins Bonus plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. RTP=92.48%. Additional Information Lost Connection During Jackpot Win In the unlikely event of a lost connection or game reset during a jackpot-triggering spin, the jackpot will be awarded. Notification of the jackpot win will not appear on the game screen when the game is reloaded, and the win will not be reflected in your account balance. Any standard wins will be reflected in your account balance. Continued play, whether in this game or any other, does not affect the jackpot payout. The Customer Service Team will contact you within 24 hours with the details of your jackpot payout. The award verification may take up to 72 hours. Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. Intellectual Property All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of IGT in the U.S. and/or other countries. © 2015 IGT. All rights reserved Last modification date: 12/22/2021