Cash Eruption: Hephaestus How to Bet Cash Eruption Hephaestus features 20 paylines. Bet Settings Menu Press the cog or TOTAL BET to open the Bet Settings menu. Coins Displays the current number of coins being played. Betting is fixed at 20 paylines. Coin Value Displays the current coin value shown in currency. Total Bet Displays the current total bet shown in currency. Change by selecting the desired total bet. On desktop devices, optionally press the minus button (–) to decrease the total bet or press the plus button (+) to increase the total bet. Press OK to confirm and close the Bet Settings menu. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current coin value. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins and where available, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Pattern Feature Earn a pattern win when all positions are filled with Aphrodite Symbols, or when all positions on reel 1 are filled with Aphrodite Symbols and all positions on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5 are filled with stacked Wild or Aphrodite Symbols. Line wins are not paid in addition to pattern win. Cash Eruption Bonus The Cash Eruption Bonus is triggered when 6 or more Fire Ring Scatter Symbols appear anywhere on the reels in the base game, or when a Fire Ring Symbol is selected during the Free Spins Bonus . During the base game, Fire Ring Scatter Symbols are collected in the meter above the reels. The meter resets after every spin. The Cash Eruption Bonus awards 3 initial respins. Each Fire Ring Symbol that lands reveals either a prize value or a Jackpot award. All revealed prize values or Jackpot awards are locked in position for the remainder of the bonus. During each respin, additional Fire Ring Symbols may land, revealing further prize values or Jackpot awards. Every time a Fire Ring Symbol lands, the respin counter is reset to 3 respins remaining. Available prize values for bonus triggered from base game and small Fire Rings in the Free Spins Bonus are 20, 40, 60, 80, 100, 200, 300, 400, 500, 1000, or 2000 times the coin value of the triggering spin, or MINI, MINOR, or MAJOR award. Available prize values for jumbo Fire Ring triggered from the Free Spins Bonus are 100, 200, 300, 400, 500, 600, 800, 1000, 1200, 1600, or 2000 times the coin value of the triggering spin, or MINI, MINOR, or MAJOR award. Fill all 15 positions on the reels to win the GRAND Treasure. The Cash Eruption Bonus continues until no respins remain or until all 15 reel positions are filled. Locked prize values are cumulative and are awarded in addition to any eligible Jackpot award. Jackpot values are fixed awards based on the amount wagered and are not shared – they are only winnable by the player. Reels used in the Cash Eruption Bonus are different from the reels used in the base game and Free Spins Bonus . The Cash Eruption Bonus is played at the same coin value as the triggering spin. The Cash Eruption Bonus cannot be retriggered. Free Spins Bonus The Free Spins Bonus is triggered when 3 or more Bonus Scatter Symbols appear anywhere on the reels. Triggering the Free Spins Bonus awards free spins equal to the number of triggering Bonus Symbols. At the start of each bonus spin, pick 1 of the tiles on reels 2, 3, or 4. The selected tile reveals a symbol. Available symbols are Wild, Aphrodite, Taurus, Mask, Chariot, Sledgehammer, Ambos, Ace, King, Queen, and Fire Ring. Some symbols may not be available for each bonus. Once a symbol has been selected, it cannot be selected again during that bonus. If a tile containing a Fire Ring Symbol is selected, the Cash Eruption Bonus is triggered. The Free Spins Bonus continues after the Cash Eruption Bonus has been played. If 5 Bonus Scatter Symbols triggered the Free Spins Bonus , the first pick is a Fire Ring Symbol. If a selected tile contains a symbol other than a Fire Ring Symbol, the revealed symbol becomes a jumbo symbol and appears across reels 2, 3, and 4. All jumbo symbols appearing on reels 2, 3, and 4 are 3 symbol positions high and 3 symbol positions wide. Each jumbo symbol appearing in a winning combination is evaluated as 3 of the corresponding inpidual symbols on each payline that passes through that jumbo symbol. The Free Spins Bonus cannot be retriggered. Reels used in the Free Spins Bonus are different from the reels used in the base game. Reels are determined at the start of each spin. Fire Ring Symbol may appear on reels 2, 3, and 4 only. Free spins are played at same coin value and same number of paylines as the triggering spin. Options All Sound Toggle game sounds on or off. Sound Effects Toggle sound effects on or off. Music Toggle music on or off. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far-left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the coin value on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Line wins are not paid in addition to pattern wins. Wild Symbol appears on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5 in the base game and the Free Spins Bonus . Wild Symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols except Bonus and Fire Ring Symbols in the base game and the Free Spins Bonus . Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there may be an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. Last modification date: 8/14/2024