Coin O Mania Arrrrr, matey! It's a pirate's bounty of loot, ready for the taking, in Coin O Mania . Gold coins rain down from the treasure chest above. A multiplier up to 20x might appear and give a boost to your booty! Trigger the Wilds Mania feature when coins collect below all 5 reels, or when the Chest symbol appears on reel 3, and watch Wild symbols appear on the reels! Earn 15 free spins in the Free Spins Bonus , where more Chest symbols can appear on reel 3 for even more chances to trigger the Wilds Mania feature! Shiver me timbers! How To Bet Coin O Mania features 40 paylines. Bet Configuration Menu (mobile/tablet) Press the coins to open the bet configuration menu. Press the check mark to confirm and close the bet configuration menu. LINES Displays the current number of paylines. Betting is fixed at 40 paylines. Coin Value Displays the current coin value shown in currency. Total Bet Displays the current total bet shown in currency. Press the minus button (-) to decrease the total bet. Press the plus button (+) to increase the total bet. SPIN Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current coin value. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN, and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Wilds Mania Feature During any spin, 1 to 5 coins may spill from the chest onto each reel. One coin per reel may appear with a multiplier value of 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 10x, 15x, or 20x. Coins are collected in the Wilds Mania area below the reels. Trigger the Wilds Mania feature when, after the reel spin, the W, I, L, D, and S coins are collected underneath reels 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5 respectively. Any additional coins collected in the Wilds Mania area are placed in any position on the reel above it, transforming the position into Wild. Wild symbols transformed by multiplier coins appear as the multiplier value. If a Wild transformed by a multiplier coin substitutes in a line win, the win is multiplied by the corresponding multiplier. If more than one multiplier appears or substitutes in a line win, the win is multiplied by the sum of the awarded multipliers. Wins are evaluated after all transformations are complete. When the Bonus symbol is part of a winning combination and is covered by a Wild symbol, free spins are awarded in addition to wins resulting from the bonus. Chest Feature A Chest symbol in any position on reel 3 triggers the Treasure Chest feature. If not already triggered, the Treasure Chest feature triggers the Wilds Mania feature and places an additional Wild symbol per reel in any position on the reel. If placed on an already-existing Wild, the corresponding multiplier is increased by 1, to a maximum of 21x. Possible multiplier values are 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 10x, 11x, 15x, 16x, 20x, and 21x. Wins are evaluated after all transformations are complete. Free Spins Bonus Trigger the Free Spins Bonus when three Bonus scatter symbols appear anywhere on the centre reels. These symbols are only found on reels 2, 3, and 4. Triggering the Free Spins Bonus awards 15 free spins. Reel 3 in the Free Spins Bonus contains more Chest symbols than in the base game. The Free Spins Bonus is retriggered when three Bonus scatter symbols appear anywhere on the centre three reels. These symbols are only found on reels 2, 3, and 4. The bonus can be retriggered multiple times, up to a maximum of 600 free spins per bonus. Reels used in the Free Spins Bonus are different from the reels used in the base game. Free spins are played at same coin value and same number of paylines as the triggering spin. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far-left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the coin value on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Bonus symbol appears on reels 2, 3, and 4 only. Chest symbol appears on reel 3 only. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent, except in cases where one spin unlocks a feature for a subsequent spin or series of spins, per the game rules. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given spin of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next spin are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of spins by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. RTP :- 95% The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Intellectual Property © 2020 IGT. All rights reserved. All other trademarks used herein are owned by IGT or its affiliates, may not be used without permission, and where indicated with a ®, are registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. Last modification date: 9/10/2020