Coyote Moon Introduction Welcome to the granddaddy of all Stacked Wilds games: Coyote Moon ™. Big stacks of Wild symbols on every reel mean payout opportunities as far as the eye can see. Trigger the Rising Moon Bonus and the ancient ones bestow upon you free spins with even greater Stacked Wilds action. With such great potential for huge payouts, the rising moon can be an auspicious sign indeed. How To Bet Coyote Moon ™ features 40 paylines. You can choose how much to bet per line. LINE BET Displays the current bet per line shown in currency. Click the left arrow (-) to decrease the bet per line. Click the right arrow (+) to increase the bet per line. LINES Displays the current number of paylines selected. Click the left arrow (-) to decrease the number of paylines played. Click the right arrow (+) to increase the number of paylines played. SPIN Click to spin the reels and submit your bet. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of games at the current number of lines and line bet. Once you have selected your desired number of lines and line bet, click AUTO SPIN and choose how many games you want to play. Auto Spin plays the specified number of games until you click the STOP button, you trigger a Bonus, or your balance is insufficient to spin again. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Stacked Wilds™ Feature With the Stacked Wilds ™ feature, each reel in the base game is loaded with groups of four or more consecutive Wild symbols. In the Rising Moon Bonus , the Stacked Wilds ™ feature gets richer and more plentiful. Win a huge payout and you too will feel like howling at the rising moon. Rising Moon Bonus You can trigger the Rising Moon Bonus by getting the Bonus symbol in any position on the centre three reels. Triggering the Rising Moon Bonus awards you with five free spins. The reels in the Rising Moon Bonus have a richer, more plentiful Stacked Wilds ™ feature than the base game reels. During the Rising Moon Bonus , you can retrigger the Bonus by getting three Bonus symbols anywhere on the centre three reels. You can retrigger the Bonus multiple times, up to a maximum of 255 free spins per Bonus. Your bet per line in the Bonus is equal to the bet per line on the reel spin that triggered the Bonus Options Graphics Quality Adjust the quality of the graphics to get the optimal animation performance. BEST mode - Graphics look best, but performance may suffer. HIGH mode (default) - Optimal graphics and performance setting. MEDIUM mode - Lower quality but increased performance. LOW mode - Degraded graphics, but smoothest animation performance is achieved even on slower computers. Rules Malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. Only highest winner paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the line bet on the winning line Only highest scatter pay award paid. Scatter pays are multiplied by the total bet. Coinciding wins on different paylines are added. Scatter awards are independent from payline awards and are also added to the total amount paid. Awards are shown in currency. Regardless of your bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the Rising Moon Bonus plus the outcome which launched the Bonus. If the award cap is reached in the Bonus, the Bonus ends immediately irrespective of any remaining free spins RTP=94.98% Additional Information In addition to the features described in the How To Bet section, the Controls bar at the bottom of the game screen displays the current balance in the chosen currency, the amount paid if a win occurs, and the last/current bet amount. All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of IGT in the U.S. and/or other countries. © 2012 IGT. All rights reserved. Last modification date: 12/22/2021