Cleopatra PLUS Live in the golden age of Egypt, a life of godly luxury and privilege. Cleopatra PLUS improves upon the legacy of the worldwide blockbuster game, Cleopatra , with stacked 2x Wild symbols in the base game and Free Spins Bonus , as well as a host of exciting features to unlock with the Level Up Plus feature. Spread your followers at many locations around ancient Alexandria in the Cleopatra Free Spins Bonus to earn a wide range of awards (free spins, multipliers and credits) or place all your followers on the same location to win the same award multiple times! Level up by accumulating followers from the reels. Certain levels permanently increase your payback. Unlock new bonus maps, new follower symbols, and new deities. Earn new types of awards, including last spin multipliers, up to 50x, and Super Spins, which offer the richest free spin reels. Fulfill your destiny as Pharaoh in Cleopatra PLUS . How To Bet Cleopatra PLUS features 40 paylines. Bet Configuration Menu (mobile/tablet games) Press the arrow to open the bet configuration menu. Press the check mark to confirm and close the bet configuration menu. Lines Displays the current number of paylines. Betting is fixed at 40 paylines. Line Bet Displays the current bet per line shown in currency. Press the minus button (-) to decrease the bet per line. Press the plus button (+) to increase the bet per line. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current line bet. For UK jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press Auto Spin and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Deity Picker To change your lucky deity symbol, press the deity portrait in the top left corner of the game to view the deity picker screen. Select the deity portrait of your desired deity. Aset, Bastet and Hathor are available starting at level 1. Their symbols are spread out on the reels for a chance at more frequent wins. Amun, Ra, and Anubis are available starting at level 4. Their symbols are stacked on every reel for a chance at bigger wins. The expected payback for all deities is the same. Level Up Plus Feature Permanently increase the payback of your game and unlock new game features with the Level Up Plus feature. In order to level up, you need to accumulate a certain number of followers. See the paytable for details. Earn 1 follower per Bonus symbol that appears on the reels. As you level up, you unlock new Bonus symbols that award 2 or even 3 followers. Note: Your level title identifies your current deity. If your current deity is Aset, for example, the level titles appear as follows: Level Title Reward 1 Chosen By Aset Alexandria Bonus Map is available. 2 Heart of Aset Unlocks the Nile River Valley Bonus Map. 3 Aset Is Pleased Permanent Payback Boost Unlocks a new Bonus symbol (that shows 2 followers on it) that appears on reel 5 only. When you trigger the Bonus with this symbol, you earn an extra follower to place on the Bonus Map to win more awards. Also, when this Bonus symbol appears in the base game, you accumulate 2 followers. 4 Beautiful Desire of Aset Unlocks 3 new deities: Amun, Ra, and Anubis. Press the portrait of the deity on the main screen to change your deity. The symbols for these 3 deities are stacked on every reel for a chance at bigger awards. 5 Eternal Strength of Aset Permanent Payback Boost Unlocks a new Bonus symbol (that shows 3 followers on it) that appears on reel 5 only. When you trigger the Bonus with this symbol, you earn 2 extra followers to place on the Bonus Map to win more awards. Also, when this Bonus symbol appears in the base game, you accumulate 3 followers. 6 Everlasting Light of Aset Permanent Payback Boost Unlocks the Last Spin Multiplier feature which can be earned in any Bonus Map. The Last Spin Multiplier feature awards a big multiplier for your last free spin only. The Last Spin Multiplier replaces any free spin multiplier you might already have. 7 Golden Face of Aset Unlocks the Pyramids of Giza Bonus Map. This Bonus Map offers the largest possible awards. 8 Glorious Soul of Aset Permanent Payback Boost Unlocks the Super Spin feature which can be earned in any Bonus Map. A Super Spin is a super rich free spin with large stacks of 2x Wild symbols. Stacked 2x Wilds Feature When one or more 2x Wild symbols substitute in a line win, that win is doubled. The base game reels contain stacks of 2x Wild symbols that randomly vary in size from spin to spin, up to stacks of 10 2x Wilds. Free spins also contain stacks of 2x Wild symbols which vary in size from spin to spin. Cleopatra Free Spins Bonus The Cleopatra Free Spins Bonus is triggered when three or more Bonus scatter symbols appear anywhere on the reels. Choose your Bonus Map: Alexandria, Nile River Valley, or the Pyramids of Giza. Not all Bonus Maps are available at all levels. All Bonus Maps have the same expected payback with one exception. On levels 7-8, your best choice is the Pyramids of Giza if you trigger the Bonus with 6 or more followers. Start the bonus with 5 free spins and a 1x multiplier. Your number of followers is determined by the number and type of triggering Bonus symbols. Bonus symbols award the number of followers shown on the symbol. On reel 5 the Bonus symbols may show 1, 2, or 3 followers, so the bonus begins with between 3 and 7 followers. On your chosen Bonus Map, place your followers in any number of locations. You may choose to spread out your followers among many different locations to win an assortment of different awards, or you may choose to place your followers on the same location to win the same award multiple times. Any strategy of placing your followers is allowed, but all strategies have the same expected payback. Once all followers are placed, each location reveals its award. Possible awards include: A number of free spins (up to 30 spins) A multiplier for your free spins (up to 5x) A number of credits (up to 30 times your total bet) A last spin multiplier (up to 50x) A number of Super Spins (up to 10 spins) Not all award types and award values are available at all levels. You receive each location award once for each follower placed on that location. For example, if you place 3 followers on a location that awards 10 free spins, you would win 30 free spins. In that way, many big awards are possible. Any free spin multipliers you win replace your current free spin multiplier of 1x. Credit awards are multiplied by your total bonus triggering bet. Play out your free spins at the free spin multiplier earned in the Bonus Map and at the same number of lines and line bet as the triggering game. The last spin multiplier is a multiplier for the last free spin only and replaces the previous free spin multiplier. A Super Spin is a super-rich free spin with large stacks of 2x Wild symbols. Super Spins are played after all regular free spins complete and use the same multiplier as the previous free spin multiplier, as well the same number of lines and line bet as the triggering game. Super Spin and last spin multiplier features are not available in the same bonus. The bonus cannot be retriggered. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the line bet on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Only the highest scatter win is paid per scatter symbol. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Scatter and Bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Wild symbol appears on all reels in the base game and Free Spins Bonus . The Bonus symbol showing 1 follower appears in the base game only. The Bonus symbol showing 2 followers appears on reel 5 only in the base game after the player has achieved level 3. The Bonus symbol showing 3 followers appears on reel 5 only in the base game after the player has achieved level 5. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the Free Spin Bonus plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent except in cases where one spin unlocks a feature for a subsequent spin or series of spins, per the game rules. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. Intellectual Property © 2018 IGT. All rights reserved. All other trademarks used herein are owned by IGT or its affiliates, may not be used without permission, and where indicated with a ®, are registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. RTP : 92.89%