Cleopatra Christmas Move over, Santa – Cleopatra's coming to town! Jingle all the way along the Nile and unwrap the mysteries of ancient Egypt in Cleopatra Christmas ! 15 free spins in the Cleopatra Bonus bestow festive rewards with all wins tripled! How to Bet Cleopatra Christmas features 20 paylines. Bet Settings Menu Press the cog or TOTAL BET to open the Bet Settings menu. Lines Displays the current number of paylines selected. Press 1, 5, 9, 15, or 20 to select the number of paylines played. Total Bet Displays the current total bet shown in currency. Change by selecting the desired total bet. On desktop devices, optionally press the minus button (–) to decrease the total bet or press the plus button (+) to increase the total bet. Press OK to confirm and close the Bet Settings menu. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current total bet and number of paylines selected. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins and where available, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. 2x Wilds Feature In the base game, if 1 or more Cleopatra Symbols substitutes in a win, that win is doubled, except for wins containing Cleopatra Symbols only. Cleopatra Symbol substitutes for all symbols except the Sphinx Scatter Symbol. Cleopatra Bonus The Cleopatra Bonus is triggered when 3 or more Sphinx Scatter Symbols appear anywhere on the reels. Sphinx Scatter Symbol appears on reels 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5. Triggering the Cleopatra Bonus awards 15 free spins. All wins, except 5 Cleopatra Symbols, are tripled in the bonus. The Cleopatra Bonus is retriggered when 3 or more Sphinx Scatter Symbols appear anywhere on the reels. The bonus can be retriggered multiple times, up to a maximum of 180 free spins per bonus. Free spins are played at same line bet and same number of paylines as the triggering spin. Options All Sound Toggle game sounds on or off. Music Toggle music on or off. Sound Effects Toggle sound effects on or off. Voice Toggle voiceover on or off. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far-left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the line bet on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Only the highest scatter win is paid. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Scatter wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Cleopatra Symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols except Sphinx Scatter Symbol in the base game and the Cleopatra Bonus . Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there may be an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. Last modification date: 11/21/2023