Color Cubes Looking for the perfect match? In Colour Cubes , match and collect cubes of the same colour to complete rows in the prize table. Then watch as the collected cubes explode, creating an avalanche of new cubes. As you help pinpoint cubes, watch for the Star which awards an instant cash prize, or the amazing Bomb which blows a hole in the board, collecting all cubes around it for even bigger wins! How to Play Auto Reveal About the Game Game Screen Pinpointing Cubes Game Completion Rules Additional Information How to Play Ticket Cost Displays the current ticket cost. Press the left arrow (–) to decrease the ticket cost. Press the right arrow (+) to increase the ticket cost. Press BUY to deduct the ticket cost from the balance and play the game. Auto Reveal Press AUTO REVEAL to automatically play the game to completion. Game play continues until all selections have been made. To return to manual play mode, press STOP. About the Game Collect the specified number of like-coloured cubes to win the prize associated with that colour. Pinpoint a star to collect an instant cash prize. Game Screen After a ticket is purchased, the game displays a prize table, a game board, and a GO button. Pinpointing Cubes Press GO to set the selector beams in motion. When they stop, the cube at the intersection of the beams is pinpointed. If the pinpointed cube is a coloured cube, that cube and all horizontally and vertically adjacent cubes of the same colour are collected and removed from the board. When cleared, other cubes fall in from above to fill the empty spaces. If the pinpointed cube has a star on it, the cube is removed from the board and an instant win prize is awarded. If the pinpointed cube has a bomb on it, all cubes adjacent to the bomb are collected and removed from the board, regardless of their colour. If a star is adjacent to a bomb when the bomb is targeted, the instant win prize attached to the star is awarded. Game Completion After nine turns are completed, the game ends. A closing message appears, indicating the game’s outcome. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. Star instant win prizes are independent of colour cube prizes and are added to the total amount paid. Wins are shown in currency. Additional Information Expected Payback For this game, the long-term, theoretically-expected payback is from 85.00% to 93.00%. Intellectual Property All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of IGT in the U.S. and/or other countries. © 2017 IGT. All rights reserved. Last updated 22 February 2017. Last modification date: 6/19/2018