CLUEDO Classic CLUEDO Classic Introduction How To Bet Auto Spin Feature CLUEDO Bonus Options Rules Additional Information Introduction Experience the intrigue of this classic murder mystery filled with a curious combination of suspects and a 2X wild that increase the thrills and rewards! Uncover the mystery as night falls over the mansion for tripled wins and free spins in the CLUEDO Bonus! [ top ] How To Bet CLUEDO Classic features 20 paylines. LINE BET Displays the current bet per line shown in currency. Press the left arrow (-) to decrease the bet per line. Press the right arrow (+) to increase the bet per line. LINES Displays the current number of paylines selected. Press the left arrow (-) to decrease the number of paylines played. Press the right arrow (+) to increase the number of paylines played. SPIN Press to spin the reels and submit the bet. [ top ] Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of games at the current number of lines and line bet. Select the desired line bet, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many games to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of games until the STOP button is pressed, a bonus is triggered, or the balance is insufficient to spin again. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. [ top ] CLUEDO Bonus The CLUEDO Bonus is triggered by getting three or more Bonus scatter symbols anywhere on the reels. Triggering the CLUEDO Bonus awards 15 free spins. During the Bonus, all wins are tripled except for the 5 CLUEDO symbol win. With tripled wins and 2X Wild symbols in the Bonus, some wins may get multiplied by 6X! During the CLUEDO Bonus, the Bonus can be retriggered by getting three or more Bonus scatter symbols anywhere on the reels. The Bonus can be retriggered multiple times, up to a maximum of 180 free spins per Bonus. Free spins are played at same line bet and same number of lines as the triggering game. [ top ] Options Graphics Quality Adjust the quality of the graphics to get the optimal animation performance. BEST mode - Graphics look best, but performance may suffer. HIGH mode (default) - Optimal graphics and performance setting. MEDIUM mode - Lower quality but increased performance. LOW mode - Degraded graphics, but smoothest animation performance is achieved even on slower computers. [ top ] Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the line bet on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Only the highest scatter win is paid. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Scatter wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. When one or more 2X Wild symbols substitute in a line win, that win is doubled. Wins are shown in currency. Regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the Free Spins Bonus plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately irrespective of any remaining free spins. [ top ] Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. Intellectual Property CLUEDO is a trademark of Hasbro and is used with permission. © 2013 Hasbro. All Rights Reserved. All trademarks are owned and/or registered by IGT and/or its licensors in the United States and/or other countries.© 2013 IGT. All rights reserved.