Cleopatra Take a trip down the Nile and unravel the mysteries of ancient Egypt! 15 free spins in the Cleopatra Bonus bestow luxurious rewards with all wins tripled! How To Bet Cleopatra features 20 paylines. BET CONFIGURATION MENU (mobile/tablet/mini games) Press the green arrow to open the bet configuration menu. Press the green check mark to confirm and close the bet configuration menu. LINES Displays the current number of paylines selected. Press the minus button (-) to decrease the number of paylines played. Press the plus button (+) to increase the number of paylines played. LINE BET Displays the current bet per line shown in currency. Press the minus button (-) to decrease the bet per line. Press the plus button (+) to increase the bet per line. SPIN Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current line bet. For UK jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Auto spin is not available in mini format. Cleopatra Bonus Trigger the Cleopatra Bonus by getting three or more Sphinx scatter symbols anywhere on the reels. Sphinx scatter symbols appear on reels 1, 2, 3, 4 and 5. Triggering the Cleopatra Bonus awards 15 free spins. All wins, except 5 Cleopatra symbols, are tripled in the bonus. If three or more Sphinx scatter symbols appear anywhere on the reels during a free spin, an additional 15 free spins are added to the current Free Spins Bonus (up to a maximum of 180 total free spins within any bonus round). Free spins are played at the same line bet and same number of paylines as the triggering spin. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the line bet on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Only highest scatter win is paid. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. When one or more Cleopatra Wild symbols substitute in a win, that win is doubled. Scatter and bonus wins are independent from payline wins and are also added to the total amount paid. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the Cleopatra Bonus plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent except in cases where one spin unlocks a feature for a subsequent spin or series of spins, per the game rules. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. RTP:- 95.02% Intellectual Property © 2017 IGT. All rights reserved. All other trademarks used herein are owned by IGT or its affiliates, may not be used without permission, and where indicated with a ®, are registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. Bet Range Min Bet : €0.01 Max Bet : €600 Last modification date: 1/15/2021