Cash Eruption Big Bank Breakout High Stakes Cash Eruption Big Bank Breakout High Stakes How To Bet Bet Settings Menu Press the Coin Stacks Icon to open the Bet Settings menu. Coins Displays the current number of coins being played. Betting is fixed at 20 paylines. Coin Value Displays the current coin value shown in currency. Total Bet Displays the current total bet shown in currency. To change the bet, press the desired total bet in the Bet Settings menu, or by pressing the minus button (–) or the plus button (+) in the bet panel. Press the Checkmark to confirm and close the Bet Settings menu. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current total bet. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled, select the Auto Spin Button to open the Auto Spin settings to set up the following: • Number of Auto Spins: press the minus button (–) or the plus button (+) to select the number of auto spins to play. • Loss Limit: press the minus button (–) or the plus button (+) to select the value of the loss limit. • Stop if a Single Win Reaches: press the minus button (–) or the plus button (+) to select the value of the maximum win. Press the Triangular Arrow Button to close the Auto Spin settings and start the auto spin feature with the currently selected bet and auto spin setup. Press the X Button to close the window without starting the feature. Press the Square Stop Auto Spin button to stop the feature at any time. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until the Square Stop Button is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Cash Eruption Bonus The Cash Eruption Bonus is triggered when 6 or more Vault Scatter Symbols appear anywhere on the reels in the base game, in the Jumbo Spins Bonus, or when a Jumbo Vault Symbol appears on the linked reels in the Jumbo Spins Bonus. During the base game, Vault Scatter Symbols are collected in the meter above the reels. The meter resets after every spin. The Cash Eruption Bonus awards 3 initial respins. Each Vault Symbol that appears reveals either a cash prize or a Major, Minor or Mini. All revealed prizes are locked in position for the remainder of the bonus. When the Cash Eruption Bonus is triggered by a Jumbo Vault Symbol, the Jumbo Vault Symbol splits into 9 small Vault Symbols with the same value on all 9 symbols. Every time a Vault Symbol appears, the respin counter is reset to 3 respins remaining. During each respin, additional Vault Symbols may appear, revealing further prize values or awards. Available prize values for the Jumbo Vault triggered from the Jumbo Spins Bonus are 15, 20, 25, 30, 50, 75, 125, or 200 times the coin value of the triggering spin, or Mini, Minor,or Major awards. Fill all 15 positions on the reels to win the Grand award. The Cash Eruption Bonus continues until no respins remain or until all 15 reel positions are filled. Locked prizes are cumulative and are awarded in addition to any eligible Grand, Major, Minor, or Mini. Multiple Major, Minor, and Mini awards may be awarded during the Cash Eruption Bonus. Reels used in the Cash Eruption Bonus are different from the reels used in the base game and Jumbo Spins Bonus. The Cash Eruption Bonus is played at the same coin value as the triggering spin. The Cash Eruption Bonus cannot be retriggered. Jumbo Spins Bonus The Jumbo Spins Bonus is triggered when 3 Bonus Scatter Symbols land on reels 2, 3, and 4. Number of Bonus Symbols Jumbo Spins Awarded 3 10 During the Jumbo Spins Bonus, reels 2, 3, and 4 are linked, and only 1 jumbo symbol appears. All jumbo symbols appearing on the linked reels are 3 symbol positions high and 3 symbol positions wide. The Jumbo Spins Bonus is retriggered by landing a Jumbo Bonus Scatter Symbol on the linked reel. Number of Bonus Symbols Additional Jumbo Spins Awarded 3 10 Reels used in the Jumbo Spins Bonus are different from the reels used in the base game. The bonus can be retriggered multiple times, up to a maximum of 200 Jumbo spins per bonus. Jumbo spins are played at same coin value as the triggering spin. Settings Sound • Toggle game sounds on or off. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. RTP - 94.42% All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far-left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins shown are pre-multiplied for the current bet. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Only the highest scatter win is paid. Scatter wins shown are pre-multiplied for the current bet. Scatter wins are independent from line wins and are also added to the total amount paid. Bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Wild Symbol substitutes for all symbols except Bonus and Vault Scatter Symbols in the base game and the Jumbo Spins Bonus. Bonus Symbol appear on reels 2, 3, and 4 in the base game. Bonus Symbols appear on the linked reels only in the Jumbo Spins Bonus. The Cash Eruption Bonus is played on independent reels. All awards are scattered. No paylines are used. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there may be an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining Jumbo spins. Last modification date: 1/6/2026