Da Vinci Diamonds Introduction Enjoy the unique wonder of the Tumbling Reels™ feature. With the Tumbling Reels™ feature, symbols fall from the top of the screen instead of spinning upon reels. Winning symbol combinations disappear and new symbols tumble down to replace the vanished symbols. You can win again and again and again on a single play of the game! Three Bonus symbols on a wagered payline trigger the Free Spins Bonus. Begin your Free Spins Bonus with 6 free spins. You can retrigger the Bonus multiple times. With richer reels and additional scatter pays, this Free Spins Bonus can lead to some lucrative awards. Take a trip back to the glory of the Renaissance, and maybe you too can enjoy the wealth and splendor of a Medici. How To Bet Da Vinci Diamonds™ features 20 paylines. You can choose how much to bet per line. You can also use Auto Spin to play the game for you. LINE BET Displays current bet per line shown in currency. Click the left arrow (with a minus sign) to decrease bet per line. Click the right arrow (with a plus sign) to increase bet per line. Clicking the left and right arrows does not necessarily decrease or increase your line bet in a linear fashion. Rather, your line bet decreases or increases at preset increments which represent the most popular bet amounts. LINES Displays current number of paylines, which is fixed at 20 paylines. SPIN Click to spin the reels and submit your bet. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of games at the current number of lines and line bet. Once you have selected your desired number of lines and line bet, click AUTO SPIN and choose how many games you want to play. Auto Spin will keep playing the specified number of games until you click the STOP button, you trigger a Bonus, or your balance is insufficient to spin again. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Tumbling Reels™ Feature All paytable-defined symbol combinations trigger the Tumbling Reels™ feature during regular and Free Spins Bonus game play. All winning symbol combinations are evaluated and values are added to the win meter. All symbols in winning combinations disappear. All symbol positions on each reel are filled as symbols tumble from above, in sequence, to fill all empty spaces. The game screen is re-evaluated for symbols in winning combinations and values are added to the win meter. The Tumbling Reels™ feature remains active until no paytable-defined symbol combinations are created as a result of new symbols tumbling from above. Free Spins Bonus You can trigger the Free Spins Bonus by getting three Bonus symbols on a wagered payline. You can only trigger the Bonus once on a given play of the reels. Upon triggering the Free Spins Bonus, you receive 6 free spins. During the Free Spins Bonus, you can retrigger the Bonus multiple times. Your Free Spins Bonus continues until you have 0 spins remaining, or until you have played 300 free spins. To retrigger the Free Spins Bonus, you need to get 3, 4, or 5 Bonus symbols anywhere on the Free Spins Bonus reels. If you get 3 Bonus symbols, you win an additional 2, 3, or 4 free spins. If you get 4 Bonus symbols, you win an additional 4, 6, 8, or 10 free spins. If you get 5 Bonus symbols, you win an additional 6, 8, 10, 12 or 15 free spins. Your bet per line in the Bonus is equal to the bet per line on the reel spin that triggered the Bonus. Also in the Free Spins Bonus, the reels are richer and there are more ways to win. In additional to paying on lines, several of the symbols pay as scatter pays too. For these scatter pay symbols, you only need to get 3 or more of the same symbol anywhere on the reels to win! See the paytable for details. Options Graphics Quality Adjust the quality of the graphics to get the optimal animation performance. BEST mode - Graphics look best, but performance may suffer. HIGH mode (default) - Optimal graphics and performance setting. MEDIUM mode - Lower quality but increased performance. LOW mode - Degraded graphics, but smoothest animation performance is achieved even on slower computers. Rules Malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. All payline wins occur on bet lines only. Only highest winner paid on each payline. Only one award paid per payline. Line wins are multiplied by the line bet on the winning line. Coinciding wins on different paylines are added. Scatter awards are independent from payline awards and are also added to the total amount paid. Awards are shown in currency. Wild appears on reels 2, 3, and 4 only in the base game. Bonus appears on reels 1, 2, and 3 only in the base game. Regardless of your bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the Free Spins Bonus plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the Bonus, the Bonus may end early before all free spins have been completed. Additional Information In addition to the features described in the How to Bet section, the Controls Bar on the bottom of the game screen displays the current balance in the chosen currency, the amount paid if a win occurs, and the amount bet on the last/current proposition. The theoretical return to player of this game is 94.94% Copyright © 2011 IGT. All rights reserved. All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of IGT and/or its licensors in the U.S. and/or other countries. Last modification date: 12/22/2021