Diamond Queen AUTO SPIN FEATURE Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of games at your current total bet. Once you have selected your desired total bet, click AUTO SPIN and choose how many games you want to play. Auto Spin plays the specified number of games until you click the STOP button, you trigger a Bonus, or your balance is insufficient to spin again. MYSTICAL DIAMOND FREE SPINS BONUS You can trigger the Mystical Diamond Free Spins Bonus by getting three Bonus symbols anywhere on the centre three reels. The Bonus begins with the 2nd reel entirely wild for the first spin. The second spin has the 2nd and 3rd reels entirely wild and the third spin has the 2nd, 3rd, and 4th reels entirely wild. If an Extra Spin symbol lands on the 1st reel, an additional free spin is played at the current wild reel state. Up to 20 additional spins can be earned per Bonus. Your bet per line in the Bonus is equal to the bet per line on the spin that triggered the Bonus. OPTIONS Graphics Quality BEST - Graphics look best, but performance may suffer. HIGH - Optimal graphics and performance setting. MEDIUM - Lower quality, but increased performance. LOW - Degraded graphics, but smoothest animation performance is achieved on slower computers. RULES Malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. Only highest winner paid on each payline. Only highest scatter winner paid per symbol. Line wins are multiplied by the line bet. Coinciding wins on different paylines are added. Scatter wins are independent from payline wins and are also added to the total amount paid. Awards are shown in currency. Bonus symbol appears on reels 2, 3, and 4 in the base game. Extra Spin symbol appears on reel 1 in the Bonus. Wild symbol appears on reels 2, 3, and 4 in the base game. Regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the Free Spins Bonus plus the outcome that launched the Bonus. If the award cap is reached in the Bonus, the Bonus ends immediately irrespective of any remaining free spins. All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of IGT in the U.S. and/or other countries. © 2012 IGT. All rights reserved. Last modification date: 12/22/2021