Day of the Dead Introduction How To Bet Auto Spin Feature MultiWay Xtra ™ Feature Free Spins Bonus Options Rules Introduction Take your Winnings to the Grave! Enjoy 720 ways to win for only 50 coins with both ways left-to-right and right-to-left pays. Trigger the Free Spins Bonus to earn 8, 16, 24, or even more spins and feel the supernatural power of richer reels. [ top ] How To Bet Day of the Dead ™ offers 720 ways to win for only 50 coins. COIN VALUE Displays the current coin value as currency. Press the left arrow (-) to decrease the coin value. Press the right arrow (+) to increase the coin value. 720 WAYS Displays the current number of ways being played. Betting is fixed at 720 ways which costs 50 coins. SPIN Press to spin the reels and submit the bet. [ top ] Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of games at 720 ways and the current coin value. Once the desired coin value has been selected, press AUTO SPIN and choose how many games to play. Auto Spin plays the specified number of games until the STOP button is pressed, a bonus is triggered, or the balance is insufficient to spin again. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. [ top ] MultiWay Xtra ™ Feature With the MultiWay Xtra ™ feature, there are 720 ways to win MultiWay Xtra ™ awards on every spin. MultiWay Xtra ™ awards pay for matching symbols in any position in adjacent columns, starting from the leftmost column or the rightmost column. More than one matching symbol in the same column multiplies the award. The Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except for the Scatter and Bonus symbols. Only the highest paying MultiWay Xtra ™ award for each symbol is paid per spin. Example of a MultiWay Xtra ™ payout: This following diagram shows a sample reel outcome, focusing only on the Bread symbol. Wild symbols substitute for the Bread symbol. Because there is at least one Bread symbol in each of the first four columns, the player has won the 4 Bread MultiWay Xtra ™ award which pays 30 coins per way. To determine the payout for this combination, count the number of Bread symbols in each column. For example, the second column has 2 Wild symbols in it, and the third column has 3 Wild symbols in it. Next, multiply those counts together to obtain the number of winning ways. In this example, that would be 1 x 2 x 3 x 1 = 6 winning ways. Finally, multiply the number of winning ways times the payout for the 4 Bread MultiWay Xtra ™ award. In this example, that would be 6 x 30 = 180 coins won. The actual amount won in currency would be based on the coin value. Payout example: 1 x 2 x 3 x 1 Bread → 6 winning ways: Column 1 Column 2 Column 3 Column 4 Column 5 Wild Bread Bread Wild Wild Wild Wild 1 Bread 2 Bread 3 Bread 1 Bread [ top ] Free Spins Bonus Trigger the Free Spins Bonus by getting a Bonus symbol in any position on five consecutive reels. Each winning combination of five Bonus symbols pays a prize and awards 8 free spins. Since there are stacked Bonus symbols, it's possible to earn up to 96 free spins initially. The reels in the Free Spins Bonus have a richer, more plentiful Stacked Wilds™ feature than the base game reels. During the Free Spins Bonus, the bonus can be retriggered by getting a Bonus Retrigger symbol in any position on five consecutive reels. Each winning combination of five Bonus Retrigger symbols pays a prize and awards 8 additional free spins. The Bonus can be retriggered multiple times, up to a maximum of 240 free spins per bonus. The bet in the bonus is equal to the bet on the reel spin that triggered the bonus. [ top ] Options Graphics Quality Adjust the quality of the graphics to get the optimal animation performance. BEST mode - Graphics look best, but performance may suffer. HIGH mode (default) - Optimal graphics and performance setting. MEDIUM mode - Lower quality but increased performance. LOW mode - Degraded graphics, but smoothest animation performance is achieved even on slower computers. [ top ] Rules Misuse or malfunction void all pays and plays. MultiWay Xtra ™ awards pay for the same symbol in any position in adjacent columns. Same symbol in same column multiplies award. MultiWay Xtra ™ awards pay left to right and right to left. Only the highest paying MultiWay Xtra ™ award for each symbol is paid per spin. MultiWay Xtra ™ awards are multiplied by the coin value. Wild symbol appears on reels 2, 3, and 4 in the base game. Wild symbol appears on reels 2, 3, and 4 in the Free Spins Bonus. Only the highest scatter pay award is paid. Scatter pays are multiplied by the total bet. Scatter awards are independent from MultiWay Xtra ™ awards and are also added to the total amount paid. Awards are shown in currency. Regardless of the bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the Free Spins Bonus plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately irrespective of any remaining free spins. All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of IGT in the U.S. and/or other countries. © 2013 IGT. All rights reserved. [ top ] Last modification date: 12/22/2021