Diamond Wild The game disconnects if you do not take any actions for a specific number of consecutive minutes (this number varies depending on jurisdiction); the session recovery feature will save the game progress so that the next time the game is loaded, you can continue where you left off. In the event of technical difficulties resulting in a dropped connection to the game server, the game you were playing is saved automatically and will load the next time you establish a connection to the game server. You will not be able to reconnect to the game server for the first 30 seconds after the disconnection. Note: In case of malfunction all pays and play are voided; any bet that was not yet accepted will be voided, any bet that was unsettled will be refunded. How to Play All winning lines pay from left to right, beginning with the far-left reel. All line win symbols must appear on consecutive reels. Wins on different lines are all added. Only the highest winning combination on each line is paid.Winnings from Bonus Spins feature are added to the total win. The auto spin feature does not automatically start Bonus Spins feature - player input is required (Available only for specific jurisdictions). On the info bar, you can view the current BET, your BALANCE and your current WIN, displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). Desktop version Click Select coin value button on the main screen, and then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value. Click Select coin value button to save the settings and return to the main screen. Note: The total BET is displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). Click Select coin value button to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won will be shown in the WIN field from the info bar, in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). Mobile version Tap Select coin value button on the main screen, then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value. Tap Select coin value button to save the settings and return to the main screen. Note: The total BET is displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap Select coin value button to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won will be shown in the WIN field from the info bar, in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. To toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). Special Symbols and Features Bonus Spins Feature Extra Bonus Spins can be won during Bonus Spins Feature. 3+ Bonus Symbols = 8 extra spins. The winnings from the Diamond symbols are not doubled during the Bonus Spins Feature. Diamond Wins Desktop version Number of auto spins: click + or - to select the number of auto spins to play. Loss limit: click + or - to select the value of the loss limit; Stop if a win reaches: click + or - to select the value of the maximum win; Stop if JACKPOT is won (only for games with Progressive Jackpots): to enable this setting, tick the checkbox; to disable it, remove the tick. Click the ACTIVATE Autopin button button to close the AUTO SPIN settings window and to start the auto spin feature with the currently selected bet and auto spin setup. Click the CLOSE Autopin button button to close the window without starting the auto spin feature. Click the STOP AUTO SPIN Autospin button button to stop the auto spin feature at any time. Malfunction Voids all pays and plays. RTP: 94.05 Last modification date: 2/3/2026