Drake's Treasure 1. Overview The goal is to obtain a winning combination on a winning line spread across the reels. Game specifications : Type Slots Number of reels 5 Number of rows 4-6 Number of lines 30-60 Number of coins you can bet 75 (cannot be changed) Progressive No Double feature No Auto spin feature Yes Wild symbols Yes Multiplier symbols No Scatter symbols Yes (Purple Kraken, Red Kraken, Green Kraken) Bonus round Yes Free s pins Yes Instant win No RTP Game: 94.00 % Bonus Buy: 94.20 % Super Bonus Buy: 94.36 % The game disconnects if you do not take any actions for a specific number of consecutive minutes (this number varies depending on jurisdiction); the session recovery feature will save the game progress so that the next time the game is loaded, you can continue where you left off. In the event of technical difficulties resulting in a dropped connection to the game server, the game you were playing is saved automatically and will load the next time you establish a connection to the game server. You will not be able to reconnect to the game server for the first 30 seconds after the disconnection. Note : In case of malfunction all pays and play are voided; any bet that was not yet accepted will be voided, any bet that was unsettled will be refunded. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. 2. How to Play Note: If you do not have enough money to play a game, the bet can be set to the minimum selectable amount through a dialog window informing about this. All winning lines pay from left to right, beginning with the far-left reel. All line win symbols must appear on consecutive reels. Wins on different lines are all added. Only the highest winning combination on each line is paid. Winnings from Free Spins are added to the total win. The auto spin feature does not automatically start free spins - player input is required (Available only for specific jurisdictions). On the info bar, you can view the current BET, your BALANCE and your current WIN, displayed in either coin or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between coin or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 2.1. Desktop version To play, follow these steps: Click on the main screen, and then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value. Click to save the settings and return to the main screen. Note: The total BET is displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). Click to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won will be shown in the WIN field from the info bar, in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 2.2. Mobile version To play, follow these steps: Tap on the main screen, then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value. Tap to save the settings and return to the main screen. Note: The total BET is displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won will be shown in the WIN field from the info bar, in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. To toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 3. Special Symbols and Features 3.1. Wild The Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except for Purple Kraken, Red Kraken, Green Kraken, Golden Kraken. 3.2. Reel Boost Feature Landing 1 or more Purple Kraken in the base game may randomly trigger the Reel Boost Feature, awarding 6 Free Spins. During Free Spins, 1 or more Purple Kraken may randomly award 6 additional Free Spins. Free Spins are played on expanded reels, with 60 lines. During each Free Spin, 4 symbol positions appear with multiplier hot spots of x2 to x5. Each multiplier hot spot in a line win multiplies the pay for that line win by the awarded multiplier. If more than 1 multiplier hot spot appears in a line win, the awarded multipliers are multiplied together and the pay for that line win is multiplied by that resulting multiplier. Free Spins end when 0 Free Spins remain or after 100 Free Spins have been played. During the Reel Boost Feature, 1 or more Red Kraken may randomly trigger the Reel Boost Jackpot Super Feature. 12 additional Free Spins are awarded and all remaining Free Spins are upgraded to the Reel Boost Jackpot Super Feature. During the Reel Boost Feature, 1 or more Green Kraken may randomly trigger the Reel Boost Wild Boost Super Feature. 6 additional Free Spins are awarded and all remaining Free Spins are upgraded to the Reel Boost Wild Boost Super Feature. During the Reel Boost Feature, 1 or more Red Kraken AND 1 or more Green Kraken in the same Free Spin may randomly trigger the Reel Boost Jackpot Wild Boost Mega Feature. 12 additional Free Spins are awarded and all remaining Free Spins are upgraded to the Reel Boost Jackpot Wild Boost Mega Feature. Different reels are used during the Reel Boost Feature. Reels are determined at the start of each Free Spin. 3.3. Jackpot Feature Landing 1 or more Red Kraken in the base game may randomly trigger the Jackpot Feature, awarding 12 Free Spins. Free Spins are played on 30 lines. During Free Spins, each Golden Kraken symbol awards a value (1 x bet, 3 x bet, or 5 x bet) or a Red, Green, Blue or Purple Jackpot gem. If a Jackpot gem is awarded, one gem position is filled in under the corresponding Mini, Minor, Major or Grand Jackpot meter above the reels. If all gem positions under a Jackpot meter are filled, the corresponding Jackpot is awarded and the collected gems are cleared. Free Spins end when 0 Free Spins remain. Collected Jackpot gems are cleared at the end of the feature. Different reels are used during the Jackpot Feature. Reels are determined at the start of each Free Spin. 3.4. Wild Boost Feature 1 or more Green Kraken in the base game may randomly trigger the Wild Boost Feature, awarding 6 Free Spins. During Free Spins, 1 or more Green Kraken may randomly award 6 additional Free Spins. Free Spins are played on 30 lines. During Free Spins, Wild transforms all adjacent symbol position into Wild. Wins are evaluated after all transformations are complete. During Free Spins, each Green Kraken awards coin prizes (1 x bet, 3 x bet, or 5 x bet) or 1, 2 or 3 additional Free Spins. Free Spins end when 0 Free Spins remain or after 100 Free Spins have been played. During the Wild Boost feature, 1 or more Purple Kraken may randomly trigger the Reel Boost Wild Boost Super Feature. 6 additional Free Spins are awarded and all remaining Free Spins are upgraded to the Reel Boost Wild Boost Super Feature. During the Wild Boost feature, 1 or more Red Kraken may randomly trigger the Jackpot Wild Boost Super Feature. 12 additional Free Spins are awarded and all remaining Free Spins are upgraded to the Jackpot Wild Boost Super Feature. During the Wild Boost feature, 1 or more Purple Kraken and 1 or more Red Kraken in the same Free Spin may randomly trigger the Reel Boost Jackpot Wild Boost Mega Feature. 12 additional Free Spins are awarded and all remaining Free Spins are upgraded to the Reel Boost Jackpot Wild Boost Mega Feature. Different reels are used during the Wild Boost feature. Reels are determined at the start of each Free Spin. 3.5. Super Feature Any combination of 2 different Red Kraken, Purple Kraken, Green Kraken in the base game may randomly trigger the corresponding Super Feature. A Super Feature may also be awarded as an upgrade from within the Reel Boost Feature or Wild Boost Feature. If a Super Feature is triggered, all rules associated with the corresponding individual features apply, except as noted below. If the Reel Boost Wild Boost Super Feature is triggered, win 6 Free Spins. If the Jackpot Wild Boost Super Feature or the Reel Boost Jackpot Super Feature is triggered, win 12 Free Spins. If the Reel Boost Jackpot or Reel Boost Wild Boost Super Feature is triggered, Free Spins are now played on 60 lines. During the Jackpot Wild Boost Super Feature, each Golden Kraken symbol awards coin prizes (1 x bet, 3 x bet, or 5 x bet), a Red, Green, Blue or Purple Jackpot gem or 1, 2 or 3 additional Free Spins. During the Reel Boost Wild Boost Super Feature, 1 or more Red Kraken may randomly trigger the Reel Boost Jackpot Wild Boost Mega Feature. 12 additional Free Spins are awarded and all remaining Free Spins are upgraded to the Reel Boost Jackpot Wild Boost Mega Feature. Different reels are used during each type of Super Feature. Reels are determined at the start of each Free Spin. 3.6. Mega Feature At least 1 Purple Kraken, 1 Red Kraken and 1 Green Kraken in the base game may randomly trigger the Reel Boost Jackpot Wild Boost Mega Feature. The Mega Feature may also be awarded as an upgrade from within the Reel Boost Feature, Wild Boost Feature or the Reel Boost Wild Boost Super Feature. If the Reel Boost Jackpot Wild Boost Mega Feature is triggered, all rules associated with the individual Reel Boost Feature, Jackpot Feature and Wild Boost Feature apply, except as noted below. If the Reel Boost Jackpot Wild Boost Mega Feature is triggered during the base game, win 12 Free Spins. During the Reel Boost Jackpot Wild Boost Mega Feature, Free Spins are played on 60 lines. During the Reel Boost Jackpot Wild Boost Mega Feature, each Golden Kraken symbol awards coin prizes (1 x bet, 3 x bet, or 5 x bet), a Red, Green, Blue or Purple Jackpot gem or 1, 2 or 3 additional Free Spins. Free Spins end when 0 Free Spins remain or after 100 Free Spins have been played. Different reels are used during the Reel Boost Jackpot Wild Boost Mega Feature. Reels are determined at the start of each Free Spin. 3.7. Bonus Buy Buy the bonus for 50x stake guaranteed entry into one of the Free Spins features triggered by a combination of 1, 2 or all 3 chests. Buy the bonus for 130x stake for guaranteed entry into the Free Spin feature triggered by all 3 chests. 4. Other game buttons 4.1. Desktop version The following buttons are available: Click this button to toggle the game sound on or off. Click this button to open the PAYOUTS tab, where you can view several screens: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in either credit or your real currency - to toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area. information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts, or specific awards; the game lines and basic game rules. To navigate among the various screens in the PAYOUTS tab, click on the left and right arrows at the bottom of the screen. RULES In the last of the screens from the PAYOUTS tab, click this button to view detailed game rules, in a new browser window. (in real mode only) This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Click on it to view the gameplay history, in a new browser window. This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Click on it to close the game and to open the home website, in the same browser window. (available while the reels are spinning) Click this button to stop the reels earlier. (available during winning animations) Click this button to skip the winning animations. (available only for specific jurisdictions) Click this button to activate Turbo mode. The Turbo mode speeds up the gameplay - the spin time is reduced to a minimum. 4.2. Mobile version The following buttons are available: Tap this button to toggle the game sound on or off. Tap this button to open the PAYOUTS tab, where you can view several screens: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in either credit or your real currency - to toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area. information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts, or specific awards; the game lines and basic game rules. To navigate among the various screens in the PAYOUTS tab, tap on the left and right arrows at the bottom of the screen. RULES In the last of the screens from the PAYOUTS tab, tap this button to view detailed game rules, in a new browser window. (in real mode only) This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap on it to view the gameplay history in a new browser window. This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap on it to close the game and to open the home website, in the same browser window. (available while the reels are spinning) Tap this button to stop the reels earlier. (available during winning animations) Tap this button to skip the winning animations. (available only for specific jurisdictions) Tap this button to activate Turbo mode. The Turbo mode speeds up the gameplay - the spin time is reduced to a minimum. index 5. Auto spin feature The loss limit setting allows stopping the auto spin feature automatically when the selected limit, plus your cumulative winnings, and minus your cumulative bets, is less than 0. 5.1. Desktop version Click the AUTO SPIN button to open the AUTO SPIN settings window where you can set up the following: Number of auto spins : click + or - to select the number of auto spins to play. Loss limit : click + or - to select the value of the loss limit; Stop if a win reaches : click + or - to select the value of the maximum win; Stop if JACKPOT is won (only for games with Progressive Jackpots): to enable this setting, tick the checkbox ; to disable it, remove the tick. Click the ACTIVATE button to close the AUTO SPIN settings window and to start the auto spin feature with the currently selected bet and auto spin setup. Click the CLOSE button to close the window without starting the auto spin feature. Click the STOP AUTO SPIN button to stop the auto spin feature at any time. 5.2. Mobile version Tap the AUTO SPIN button to open the AUTO SPIN settings window where you can set up the following: Number of auto spins : tap + or - to select the number of auto spins to play. Loss limit : tap + or - to select the value of the loss limit; Stop if a win reaches : tap + or - to select the value of the maximum win; Stop if JACKPOT is won (only for games with Progressive Jackpots): to enable this setting, tick the checkbox ; to disable it, remove the tick. Tap the ACTIVATE button to close the SPIN settings window and to start the auto spin feature with the currently selected bet and auto spin setup. Tap the CLOSE button to close the window without starting the auto spin feature. Tap the STOP AUTO SPIN button to stop the auto spin feature at any time. Last modification date: 11/25/2025