Da Vinci Dual Play Da Vinci Diamonds™ Dual Play™ Introduction How To Bet Auto Spin Feature Tumbling Reels ™ and Tumble Thru ™ Features Extra Paylines Free Spins Bonus Options Rules Additional Information Introduction Da Vinci Diamonds ™ Dual Play ™ provides double the Tumbling Reels ™ action and double the fun of our original mega-hit game, Da Vinci Diamonds ™. Play two Tumbling Reels ™ games at the same time and enjoy the additional win opportunities of the powerful Tumble Thru ™ feature. Symbols from the top game tumble down to replace symbols in the bottom game, leading to even more wins. You can win again and again on a single play of the game! Three Bonus symbols on a payline trigger the Extra Paylines Free Spins Bonus with six initial free spins. You are granted 20 additional paylines for the duration of the Bonus, giving you 60 ways to win on each free spin. Take a trip back to the glory of the Renaissance, and maybe you, too, can enjoy the wealth and splendor of a Medici. [ top ] How To Bet Da Vinci Diamonds ™ Dual Play ™ features 40 paylines in the base game. You can choose how much to bet per line. LINE BET Displays current bet per line shown in currency. Click the left arrow (with a minus sign) to decrease the bet per line.Click the right arrow (with a plus sign) to increase the bet per line. Clicking the left and right arrows does not necessarily decrease or increase your line bet in a linear fashion. Rather, your line bet decreases or increases at preset increments, which represent the most popular bet amounts. LINES Displays current number of paylines, which is fixed at 40 paylines. In the Extra Paylines Free Spins Bonus , you get 20 more paylines for free. SPIN Click to spin the reels and submit your bet. [ top ] Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of games at 40 lines and the current line bet. Once you have selected your desired line bet, click AUTO SPIN and choose how many games you want to play. Auto Spin will keep playing the specified number of games until you click the STOP button, you trigger a Bonus, or your balance is insufficient to spin again. [ top ] Tumbling Reels ™ and Tumble Thru ™ Features All paytable-defined symbol combinations trigger the Tumbling Reels ™ feature during regular play and Extra Paylines Free Spins Bonus play. All winning symbol combinations are evaluated and award values are added to the win meter. All symbols in winning combinations disappear. The empty symbol positions on each reel are filled as symbols tumble from above, in sequence. With the Tumble Thru ™ feature, symbols from the top game tumble down to fill empty spaces in the bottom game. The game screen is re-evaluated for symbols in winning combinations and values are added to the win meter. The Tumbling Reels ™ feature remains active until no paytable-defined symbol combinations are created as a result of new symbols tumbling from above. [ top ] Extra Paylines Free Spins Bonus You can trigger the Extra Paylines Free Spins Bonus by getting three Bonus symbols on a payline. Triggering the Extra Paylines Free Spins Bonus awards you six initial free spins. The Bonus offers you 20 more ways to win with 20 extra paylines that crisscross between the top and bottom games. Also, additional Wild symbols have been added to the bonus reels, making them extra rich. With so many paylines and extra Wild symbols, you are much more likely to reap the rewards of the Tumbling Reels ™ feature. You can retrigger the Extra Paylines Free Spins Bonus and earn six additional free spins by landing three Bonus symbols on any of the 60 paylines (up to a maximum of 300 free spins per Bonus). Your bet per line in the Bonus is equal to the bet per line on the reel spin that triggered the Bonus. [ top ] Options Graphics Quality Adjust the quality of the graphics to get the optimal animation performance. BEST mode - Graphics look best, but performance may suffer. HIGH mode (default) - Optimal graphics and performance setting. MEDIUM mode - Lower quality but increased performance. LOW mode - Degraded graphics, but smoothest animation performance is achieved even on slower computers. [ top ] Rules Malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line pay symbols must appear on a payline and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. Payline configurations are displayed in the paytable. There are 40 active paylines in the main game and 60 active paylines in the Extra Paylines Free Spins Bonus game. Only highest winner paid on each payline. Only one award paid per payline. Line wins are multiplied by the line bet. Coinciding wins on different paylines are added. Awards are shown in currency. Regardless of your bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the Extra Paylines Free Spins Bonus plus the outcome that launched the Bonus. If the award cap is reached in the Bonus, the Bonus may end early before all tumbles and/or before all free spins have been completed. [ top ] Additional Information In addition to the features described in the How to Bet section, the Controls Bar on the bottom of the game screen displays the current balance in the chosen currency, the amount paid if a win occurs, and the amount bet on the last/current proposition. All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of IGT and/or its licensors in the U.S. and/or other countries. Copyright © 2011 IGT. All rights reserved. [ top ] Last modification date: 12/22/2021