Double Bonus Spin Roulette Double Bonus Spin Roulette provides all of the classic action of Roulette with an exciting and lucrative twist. The wheel in Double Bonus Spin Roulette features an extra-wide yellow bonus well with a greater chance to trigger the bonus free spin. The bonus offers double the number of win opportunities with a free spin on two bonus wheels! Come experience the thrills that have made Double Bonus Spin Roulette the fastest growing Roulette game in the world! How to Play The goal in Double Bonus Spin Roulette is to anticipate where the ball will land on the wheel and to place bets accordingly. Place one or more bets and then press green circular arrow button to start the game. When the ball lands on a number in the wheel, any bet covering that number wins. Any winning bets remain on the number board and are paid according to the paytable. Press the green and white circular arrow button to place and play the last bet with a single action. How to Bet Press a chip in the lower-right corner to select a chip value. Place a bet by pressing the desired betting locations on the number board. At least one chip is required before the roulette wheel can be spun. Placing a Bet Press the chosen bet location to add the selected chip value to that location. Each press adds another chip of the selected value to the stack. Bet chip stacks may "colour up" to higher values as bets are added. Press the white circular arrows button to place the last bet without starting a new game. Add additional bets as desired. After one or more bets are placed, press the white x2 button to double all current bets. Many players rely on double bet for easier support of certain betting systems. Press the white back arrow button to remove bets in the reverse order in which they were placed. Press the white X button to remove all bets from the number board. This removes all newly-placed bets. Types of Bets Double Spin Bonus Roulette has betting configurations appropriate for a wide range of players. Inside Bets Place bets to cover specific numbers or adjacent numbers: Straight bet - placed directly on top of a number Split bet - placed between two numbers Three numbers bet - placed on the edge of a row of numbers Corner bet - placed on the corner of four numbers Five numbers bet - placed on 0, 00, 1, 2, 3 Six numbers bet - placed on the edge and in between two rows of numbers Outside Bets Place a bet to cover an entire category, such as all red numbers, all black numbers, all odd numbers, and so on. Select one of these bet areas on the screen to highlight the corresponding numbers covered on the number board. Neighbor Bets Bet on a section of adjacent numbers on the wheel with a single press. Press the red and black racecourse button to open the racecourse betting board. Hover over a number on the racecourse oval to highlight that number as well its neighbors to the left and right. Press a number on the racecourse oval to place the selected chip value on that number, as well as its neighbors to the left and right. These chips are placed on the number board, not the racecourse oval itself. Change the number of neighbors by pressing plus and minus on the racecourse oval. The number represents the selected number of neighbors. Expert History Bets Press the grey bar chart button to see Expert History, to expand the spin result history, and see up to the last 250 spins played. The Expert History display also indicates the five most-hit "Hot Numbers" and the five least-hit "Cold Numbers" over the past 250 games. Some pattern players use this feature to try to capitalize on hot streaks or to try to identify overdue numbers. Favorite Bets Press the red heart button to save the currently placed bet. Once the menu is launched, enter the favorite bet name and press Save. The bet appears in the list. To place a bet that has been saved, press the bet name from the list. To remove any saved bets, press the X next to the bet name. Bonus Free Spins If the ball lands in the yellow well, all bets stand and qualify for a free spin on the special bonus wheel. Press the grey play button and the single roulette wheel is replaced with a new two-wheel version sporting two concentric rings of roulette numbers. The ball spins, slows, and falls into one of the wells, determining the outcome on the inner ring. The outer ring then slows and stops in alignment, determining the second outcome. The final numbers are those aligned with the well in which the ball landed - one number from each wheel. The two bonus wheels are truly independent - the outcome on one ring has no effect on the outcome on the other ring. Any bet placed on the yellow bonus bet spot when the ball lands in the yellow well immediately earn a payout before the bonus free spin begins. During the bonus free spin, if one or both of the outcomes are yellow an additional payout is awarded! Bet on the yellow bonus bet spot with any combination of the following: Straight bonus bet is placed directly on top of the yellow bonus bet spot Split bonus bet is placed between one of the green zero bet spots and the yellow bonus bet spot Trio bonus bet is placed on the meeting point between the two green zero bet spots and the yellow bonus bet spot Options Press the cogs button to open the Options menu. Instant Result ON - Skips certain animations. OFF - Plays all animations. Sound ON - Sound in the game turns on. OFF - Sound in the game turns off. Voice ON - Voice in the game turns on. OFF - Voice in the game turns off. Ambient Sound ON - Ambient Sound in the game turns on. OFF - Ambient Sound in the game turns off. Felt Color Press a colored square to change the felt color. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. The following outside bets do not cover a zero-green (0) or double zero-green (00). The player's bet is not returned. Even Odd High (19-36) Low (1-18) Red Black Dozens (1st 12, 2nd 12, 3rd 12) Columns (2 to 1) The table minimum and maximum bet limits are listed in the Paytable. If the smallest available chip is lower than the table minimum bet, placing bets with this chip is allowed, but play is not possible until the total of all bets meets the table minimum requirement. In addition to an overall table maximum limit, there is also a limit for each type of bet. See the Paytable for details. Only highest winner paid for yellow bonus outcomes from a bonus free spin. Yellow bonus well is 1.5 times as wide as any other well. Wins are shown in currency. Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. The expected payback value is also based upon correct player choices for any game that involves main game and/or bonus game play strategy. The Theoretical Return To Player (RTP) is 97.29%. Last modification date: 8/23/2023