Derby Run Experience the unbridled excitement of horse racing in Derby Run ! - Pick your horses, place your bets, and hope for glory! As the horses race down the final stretch, keep an eye out for the 2x multiplier – when it appears, it doubles that horse’s prize value! Go the distance with Derby Run ! How to Play Ticket Cost Displays the current ticket cost. Press the left arrow (–) to decrease the ticket cost. Press the right arrow (+) to increase the ticket cost. Press BUY to deduct the ticket cost from the balance and play the game. The theoretical return to player of this game is 85.00%. Auto Reveal Press AUTO REVEAL to automatically play the game to completion. Game play continues until a horse has crossed the finish line. To continue the game in manual play mode, press STOP. About the Game Assigning Prizes To assign prize values, drag the prize ribbons to any 5 jockey jersey numbers, or press the QUICK PICK button to assign them randomly. Press the "i" buttons to learn more about each horse. When all 5 prize ribbons are assigned, press CONFIRM to start the game. Game Play When the game starts, 8 horses stand ready at the starting line. Press SPIN to advance the horses. When a single arrow symbol is revealed, the horse advances by one space. Double and triple arrow symbols advance a horse by two or three spaces, respectively. Revealing a 2x multiplier symbol doubles the prize value assigned to that horse. Winning a Prize When a horse reaches the finish line, the game ends. If the winning horse was assigned a prize value, that prize value is awarded. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. Wins are shown in currency. Additional Information Intellectual Property © 2019 IGT. All rights reserved. All other trademarks used herein are owned by IGT or its affiliates, may not be used without permission, and where indicated with a ®, are registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. Last updated 4th May 2019. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/5/2020