Double Top Dollar How to Bet Bet Settings Menu Press the cog or TOTAL BET to open the Bet Settings menu. Coins Displays the current number of coins being played. Betting is fixed at 9 paylines. Coin Value Displays the current coin value shown in currency. Total Bet Displays the current total bet shown in currency. Change by selecting the desired total bet. On desktop devices, optionally press the minus button (–) to decrease the total bet or press the plus button (+) to increase the total bet. Press OK to confirm and close the Bet Settings menu. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current coin value. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins and where available, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Double Top Dollar Bonus A Bonus Scatter Symbol in any active position on reel 3 triggers the Double Top Dollar Bonus . One or more prize values are indicated and up to two multipliers of 2x may be indicated. An offer is made equal to the sum of the indicated prize values multiplied by the sum of any indicated multipliers. Accept 1 of up to 4 offers. Some prize values and multipliers may not be available in combination with others. Select [TAKE OFFER] to accept the current offer and win that bonus award value or select [TRY AGAIN] to reject the current offer and display the next offer. The best strategy for accepting or rejecting offers is indicated near the offer buttons. If the highest bonus award value is offered, that offer is automatically accepted. If 3 offers have been rejected, the next offer is automatically accepted. The total bonus win is awarded and the Double Top Dollar Bonus ends after an offer has been accepted, a maximum offer is indicated, or there are no more offers left. Awarded prizes are multiplied by the minimum coin value. The best strategy for accepting or rejecting offers is indicated near the offer buttons. The total bonus win is awarded and the Double Top Dollar Bonus ends after an offer has been accepted. It also ends when there are no more offers left. Options All Sound Toggle game sounds on or off. Music Toggle music on or off. Sound Effects Toggle sound effects on or off. Voice Toggle voiceover on or off. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far-left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Only the highest scatter win is paid per Scatter Symbol. Coinciding scatter wins from different Scatter Symbols are added. All wins shown at current bet. Scatter wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Bonus Scatter Symbol appears on reel 3 only. Double Diamond Symbol substitutes for all symbols except Double Diamond and Bonus Symbols. All winning payline combinations must contain at least 1 symbol other than a Double Diamond Symbol. Winning combinations with exactly one Double Diamond symbol pay 2x the regular win amount. Winning combinations with exactly two Double Diamond symbols pay 4x the regular win amount. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there may be an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. Last modification date: 4/16/2025