Davinci Diamonds Masterworks Fan-favourite Da Vinci Diamonds is back with bigger and more explosive wins than ever before! Combined with the timeless Tumbling Reels feature, Da Vinci's masterworks adorn the reels as Giant Portrait symbols that award 2x, 3x, or 4x multipliers for picturesque wins. Giant Portrait symbols can even transform to create more winning combinations that are sure to bring a smile even to Mona Lisa. Enter the Masterworks Gallery in the bonus to choose from a palette of tumble-enhancing free spins features. Luxuriate in one of three unique free spins with Portrait symbols paying as scatters, boosted 4x, 5x, or 6x multipliers, or giant 2x Wild symbols added to the reels. Experience a classic title remastered into a truly opulent, winning gem in Da Vinci Diamonds Masterworks . How to Bet Da Vinci Diamonds Masterworks features 30 paylines for 40 coins. Bet Configuration Menu (mobile/tablet/mini games) Press the arrow to open the bet configuration menu. Press the check mark to confirm and close the bet configuration menu. Coins Displays the current number of coins. Betting is fixed at 30 paylines, which costs 40 coins. Coin Value Displays the current coin value shown in currency. Press the minus button (–) to decrease the coin value. Press the plus button (+) to increase the coin value. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels.[ top ] Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current coin value. For UK jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Auto Spin feature is not available in mini format. Tumbling Reels Feature On any winning symbol combination: All winning symbol combinations are evaluated and values are added to the win meter. All symbols in winning combinations disappear. If a Giant Portrait symbol is included in a winning combination, the entire Giant Portrait symbol disappears. Empty spaces are filled as symbols tumble from above, in sequence. If empty space is created below a Giant Portrait symbol so that the Giant Portrait symbol cannot tumble down, a Wild symbol fills the space(s) below the Giant Portrait symbol. The reels are evaluated again for winning symbol combinations and values are added to the win meter. Tumbles continue until no winning symbol combinations appear. Giant Portraits Feature Giant 2x2 Portrait symbols may appear on any spin. If a Giant Portrait symbol is included in a winning combination in the base game, Portrait Scatters Bonus, or Gigantic 2x Wilds Bonus, each symbol awards either a 2x, 3x, or 4x multiplier. In the Boosted Multipliers Bonus, each Giant Portrait symbol in a winning combination awards a 4x, 5x or 6x multiplier. If more than one Giant Portrait symbol is included in a win, the win is multiplied by the product of the multipliers. Giant Portrait symbols may also be created during tumbles when four matching Portrait symbols appear on the same two rows on adjacent reels. Mystery Portrait Feature At the beginning of any base game spin, a non-winning Giant Portrait symbol may transform into a different Giant Portrait symbol to create a winning combination. Masterworks Gallery Picker The Masterworks Gallery Picker is triggered when three Bonus scatter symbols appear anywhere on the first three reels. These symbols are only found on reels 1, 2, and 3. Triggering the Masterworks Gallery Picker awards 6 free spins. Choose one Portrait symbol to determine the free spins feature and the Portrait symbol for the bonus. Portrait Symbol Feature Awarded LadyOnGray Portrait Scatters LadyOnBrown Boosted Multipliers LadyOnGreen Gigantic 2x Wilds All choices have the same expected payback, but may provide very different play experiences. The Masterworks Gallery Picker cannot be retriggered. Second Chance Spins Feature After the last free spin of the bonus, 1 to 6 additional free spins may be randomly awarded. This feature can only occur the after the first time that no free spins remain and can only occur once per bonus. Portrait Scatters Bonus More Giant Portrait symbols on the reels than in the base game, and Portrait symbols pay as scatter wins when four or more Portrait symbols appear on the reels! Full Giant Portrait symbols appearing in the reel window count as four scatter symbols. If only half of a Giant Portrait symbol appears in the reel window, it counts as two scatter symbols. The Portrait Scatters Bonus is retriggered when three Bonus scatter symbols appear anywhere on the first three reels. These symbols are only found on reels 1, 2, and 3. The free spins can be retriggered multiple times, up to a maximum of 300 free spins per bonus. Reels used in the Portrait Scatter Bonus are different from the reels used in the base game. Free spins are played at same coin value and same number of paylines as the triggering spin. Boosted Multipliers Bonus More Giant Portrait symbols on the reels and larger multipliers than in the base game! A 4x, 5x, or 6x multiplier is awarded for each Giant Portrait symbol included in a winning combination. The Boosted Multipliers Bonus is retriggered when three Bonus scatter symbols appear anywhere on the first three reels. These symbols are only found on reels 1, 2, and 3. The free spins can be retriggered multiple times, up to a maximum of 300 free spins per bonus. Reels used in the Boosted Multipliers Bonus are different from the reels used in the base game. Free spins are played at same coin value and same number of paylines as the triggering spin. Gigantic 2x Wilds Bonus More Wild symbols and Giant Portrait symbols on the reels than in the base game and Gigantic 2x Wilds! 2x2 Wild symbols may appear on any spin and award a 2x multiplier for each Gigantic Wild symbol included in a winning combination. If more than one Gigantic Wild symbol and/or Giant Portrait symbol is included in a line win, the line win is multiplied by the product of the multipliers. The Gigantic 2x Wilds Bonus is retriggered when three Bonus scatter symbols appear anywhere on the first three reels. These symbols are only found on reels 1, 2, and 3. The free spins can be retriggered multiple times, up to a maximum of 300 free spins per bonus. Reels used in the Gigantic 2x Wilds Bonus are different from the reels used in the base game. Free spins are played at same coin value and same number of paylines as the triggering spin. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the coin value on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Only the highest Portrait scatter win is paid. Portrait scatter wins are multiplied by the coin value. Portrait scatter wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Wild symbol appears naturally on reels 2 and 4 in the base game and may appear on all reels as a result of a Wild symbol filling in spaces during tumbles. Wild Symbol may appear on reels 1, 2, 3, and 4 in the Portrait Scatters Bonus as a result of a Wild symbol filling in spaces during tumbles. Wild symbol appears naturally on reels 2, 3, and 4 in the Boosted Multiplier Bonus and may appear on all reels as a result of a Wild symbol filling in spaces during tumbles. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction including the results of any triggered bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. RTP for the game is 96.37% The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent, except in cases where one spin unlocks a feature for a subsequent spin or series of spins, per the game rules. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. Intellectual Property © 2018 IGT. All rights reserved. All other trademarks used herein are owned by IGT or its affiliates, may not be used without permission, and where indicated with a ®, are registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office Last modification date: 6/5/2020