Declaration of Spindependence Coming soon to a theatre near you: Join the founding fathers in the land of the free when you sign the Declaration of Spindependence ! This star-spangled, 30-payline game offers the Ca$hLink feature, which instantly awards cash prizes. Trigger the Ca$hLink Multiplier feature for multipliers on 1 or all Coin Symbols on the reels. From ev’ry mountainside, let freedom and big wins ring! How to Bet Declaration of Spindependence features 30 paylines. Bet Settings Menu Press the cog or TOTAL BET to open the Bet Settings menu. Coins Displays the current number of coins being played. Betting is fixed at 30 paylines. Coin Value Displays the current coin value shown in currency. Total Bet Displays the current total bet shown in currency. Change by selecting the desired total bet. On desktop devices, optionally press the minus button (–) to decrease the total bet or press the plus button (+) to increase the total bet. Press OK to confirm and close the Bet Settings menu. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current coin value. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins and where available, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Ca$hLink Feature If a Chest Scatter Symbol appears on reel 5 and a Rosette Coin Scatter Symbol does not appear on reel 1, the Ca$hLink feature is triggered. All Coin Scatter Symbols that do not contain a Grand or Major Symbol are assigned a cash prize value. Reveal a Grand or Major Symbol to win the corresponding prize. Available awards are 10, 20, 30, 40, 50, 60, 70, 80, 90, 100, 150, 200, 250, 300, 400, 500 coins, the Major Prize, and the Grand Prize. Major Prize is 1000 coins. Grand Prize is 3000 coins. Prize values are multiplied by coin value. All revealed prize values, including any Grand or Major prizes are awarded to the player. Prize values are shown in currency. More than 1 prize may be awarded in the Ca$hLink feature. Ca$hLink Multiplier Feature A Rosette Coin Symbol on reel 1 and a Chest Symbol on reel 5 trigger the Ca$hLink Multiplier feature. The Rosette Coin Symbol reveals either a Musket or a Cannon. If the Musket is revealed, a random multiplier is applied to the Rosette Coin Symbol or 1 Coin Symbol on the reels. If the Cannon is revealed, a random multiplier is applied to the Rosette Coin Symbol and all Coin Symbols on the reels. Available multiplier values are 2x, 5x, 10x, 20x, 50x, and 100x applied to the value displayed on the coin. The Ca$hLink Multiplier feature is only available in the base game. Free Spins Bonus The Free Spins Bonus is triggered when 3 Bonus Scatter Symbols appear anywhere on reels 1, 3, and 5. These symbols are only found on reels 1, 3, and 5. Triggering the Free Spins Bonus awards 10 free spins. The Free Spins Bonus is retriggered when 3 Bonus Scatter Symbols appear anywhere on reels 1, 3, and 5. These symbols are only found on reels 1, 3, and 5. Retriggering the Free Spins Bonus awards 10 additional free spins. The bonus can be retriggered multiple times, up to a maximum of 200 free spins per bonus. Reels used in the Free Spins Bonus are different from the reels used in the base game. Free spins are played at same coin value as the triggering spin. Options All Sound Toggle game sounds on or off. Sound Effects Toggle sound effects on or off. Music Toggle music on or off. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far-left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the coin value on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Bonus Scatter Symbol appears on reels 1, 3, and 5 only in the base game and the Free Spins Bonus . Bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Ca$hLink wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Wild Symbol appears on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5 only in the base game and the Free Spins Bonus . Wild Symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols except Bonus Symbol, Chest Symbol, Coin Symbol, and Rosette Coin Symbol in the base game and the Free Spins Bonus . Chest Symbol appears on reel 5 only in the base game and the Free Spins Bonus . Rosette Coin Symbol appears on reel 1 only in the base game. Coin Symbol appears on reels 1, 2, 3, and 4 only in the base game and the Free Spins Bonus . Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there may be an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent, except in cases where one spin unlocks a feature for a subsequent spin or series of spins, per the game rules. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given spin of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next spin are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of spins by numerous players over an extended period of time. For this game, the long-term, theoretically expected payback is 94.00%. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. The expected payback value is also based upon correct player choices for any games which involve main game and/or bonus game play strategy. If applicable, the maximum win on any transaction including the results of any triggered bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus, is capped at € 250,000.00. Last modification date: 5/26/2023