Dragon's Temple Five dancing dragons deliver luck and excitement! Dragon's Temple is a five reel slot with 50 lines. Expanding wilds feature increases your chances to win extra money. There is also a truly wild free spins bonus that can increase your winnings further. How To Play AutoPlay Feature AutoPlay Settings Scatter / Free Spins Bonus Wild Symbol Rules Additional Information How To Play Select the bet per line by clicking BET/LINE . Select the number of lines you wish to play by clicking LINES . You can also select the number of lines by clicking on the numbers on either side of the reels. Finally, click SPIN to start the game. When the reels are spinning, you can click the STOP button to shorten the duration of the game round. The game outcome is not influenced by stopping the reels. TOTAL BET displays the total amount bet. When you win TOTAL WIN displays the amount won. To view the paytable information via the PAYTABLE button. This will show payouts & info for all possible wins. [ top ] AutoPlay Feature The game has an autoplay function that enables you to play a number of consecutive spins automatically. All spins will be played using the same bet. You can adjust a number of autoplay settings that control when to abort the autoplay sequence. Click AUTO and select the number of spins in the list. Click + in the upper left corner of the list to open the autoplay settings control. If required, alter the settings as described below before you select the number of spins. Click CANCEL AUTO if you change your mind about starting an autoplay sequence, or if you want to change any of the autoplay settings. Click SPIN AUTO to begin an autoplay sequence. When the reels are spinning, you can click the STOP button to shorten the duration of the game round. The game outcome is not influenced by stopping the reels. The number of remaining spins is shown in the game display. Click STOP AUTO to end the autoplay sequence before the next round. [ top ] AutoPlay Settings The following settings control when an autoplay sequence will automatically be aborted. Check the corresponding box to enable a rule. FREE SPINS are triggered: The autoplay sequence will automatically be aborted when free spins are won. Win is at least: The autoplay sequence will automatically be aborted when the prize you win in a particular round is equal to or greater than the amount you specify here. You can either type the amount or select it from a list (click + to open a list of values). If you play the game in full screen mode you cannot type a value here, instead you select it in a list. Balance increases by: The autoplay sequence will automatically be aborted as soon as your balance increases with at least the amount you specify here. You can either type the amount or select it from a list (click + to open a list of values). If you play the game in full screen mode you cannot type a value here, instead you select it in a list. Balance decreases by: The autoplay sequence will automatically be aborted as soon as your balance decreases with at least the amount you specify here. You can either type the amount or select it from a list (click + to open a list of values). If you play the game in full screen mode you cannot type a value here, instead you select it in a list. [ top ] Scatter/Free Spins Bonus The 'Yin Yang' scatter symbol can generate both free spins and a scatter win. If you receive two or three scatter symbols appearing anywhere on reel 2,3 or 4, you win a scatter win! In addition, if you receive three scatter symbols, you also win a sequence of free spins and you have the choice of three alternatives! The scatter symbol appears on reels two, three and four only. Bonus wins are added to line wins, and only the highest winning combination applies. If a Free Spin Bonus option was chosen and the reels are spinning, you can click the STOP button to shorten the duration of the game round. The game outcome is not influenced by stopping the reels. If you do not click SKIP , the next spin will start automatically when all winning combinations have been presented. Each of the three selectable free spins options are played on special bonus reels. The free spin paytable is the same as the base game paytable. 15 Free Spins: Reel three is wild in every free spin. 10 Free Spins: Reels two and four are wild in every free spin. 5 Free Spins: Reels one, three and five are wild in every free spin. [ top ] Wild Symbol The wild symbol in the game is represented by the coloured Dragon symbols (Different Dragon for each reel). The WILD symbol substitutes for any other symbol except the free spins symbol (Yin Yang). When the wild symbol is included in a winning line, the wild symbol expands to fill the entire reel and all of the elements on the given reel become wild. If the wild symbol is not included in a winning line, it will not stretch over the reel it occurs on. [ top ] Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the line bet on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Wins are shown in currency. The WILD symbol substitutes for any other symbol except the free spins symbol (Yin Yang). Scatter wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Only the highest scatter win is paid. Auto Play is only available in approved jurisdictions Regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the Free Spins Bonus plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 or 10,000xBet - whichever is reached first (depending on currency. Other Operator limits may apply). [ top ] Additional Information Player History - All played game rounds are stored on the server and can be viewed from the portal. Unfinished game rounds - Any game rounds that for some reason have not been completed are stored on the server. An incomplete game round can be caused by a bad Internet connection for example. Incomplete game rounds can, after a short delay, be resumed from the portal or by restarting the game. An incomplete game round is stored on the server, together with the bet wagered in the game. In the event a game round is not resumed within a time period of 30 days, the game round will be removed from the server and the wagered bet will be returned to the player. Error Handling - Please see the Terms & Conditions on our website for information about software errors and malfunctions. Expected Payback The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. For this game type the long term theoretically expected payback can potentially be from 92.54% to 96.53%. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. Intellectual Property All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of IGT and/or its licensors in the U.S. and/or other countries. © 2016 IGT. All rights reserved. Last modification date: 6/5/2020