Double Diamond Play the dazzling 3-reel game that launched a slot machine revolution! Authentic game play, just like in Casinos worldwide. How To Bet Auto Spin Feature Special Wins Options Rules Additional Information How To Bet Double Diamond features the classic simplicity and volatility of a single payline. LINE BET Displays the current bet per line shown in currency. Press the left arrow (–) to decrease the bet per line. Press the right arrow (+) to increase the bet per line. SPIN Press to submit the bet and spin the reels. [ top ] Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of games at the current line bet. Select the desired line bet, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many games to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of games until the STOP button is pressed or until the balance is insufficient to spin again. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. [ top ] Special Wins Double Diamond Wins Earn the top award when three Double Diamond symbols land on the payline. If one or two Double Diamond symbols land on the payline, these symbols match any other symbols on the payline. Winning outcomes with exactly one Double Diamond symbol pay 2x the regular win amount. Winning outcomes with exactly two Double Diamond symbols pay 4x the regular win amount. A result with only Double Diamond symbol(s) and blank symbol(s) is not a winning outcome. A Double Diamond symbol can only substitute for a Cherry symbol if there is a Cherry symbol on the payline on another reel. Any-Bar Wins A result with a mixture of non-matching Bar symbols is a winning outcome known as an Any-Bar win. Cherry Wins Any result with one or more Cherry symbols is a winner. One Cherry symbol landing on the payline is a one-Cherry winner, regardless of the reel on which the Cherry symbol appears. Two Cherry symbols landing on the payline is a two-Cherry winner, regardless of the two reels on which these symbols appear. [ top ] Options Graphics Quality Adjust the quality of the graphics for optimal game performance. BEST mode - Graphics look best, but performance may suffer. HIGH mode (default) - Balanced graphics and performance setting. MEDIUM mode - Lower quality graphics but increased performance. LOW mode - Minimal graphics, but smoothest animation performance is achieved even on slower computers. Reel Spin Audio Enable or disable the classic slot machine music that plays while the reels are spinning. This setting has no effect when all game audio is disabled. [ top ] Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. A single Double Diamond symbol without a Cherry symbol and without matching non-blank symbols is not a winning outcome. Two Double Diamond symbols and a blank symbol is not a winning outcome. Only the highest winner is paid. Wins are shown in currency. RTP= 95.40%. [ top ] Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. Intellectual Property All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of IGT in the U.S. and/or other countries. © 2014 IGT. All rights reserved. [ top ] Last modification date: 12/22/2021