Da Vinci Diamonds Dual Play Da Vinci Diamonds Dual Play provides double the Tumbling Reels action and double the fun of our original mega-hit game, Da Vinci Diamonds . Play two Tumbling Reels games at the same time and enjoy the additional win opportunities of the powerful Tumble Thru feature. Symbols from the top game tumble down to replace symbols in the bottom game, leading to even more wins. You can win again and again on a single play of the game! Three Bonus symbols on a payline trigger the Extra Paylines Free Spins Bonus with 6 initial free spins. Play with 20 additional paylines for the duration of the Bonus, giving you 60 ways to win on each free spin. Take a trip back to the glory of the Renaissance, and maybe you, too, can enjoy the wealth and splendor of a Medici. How To Bet Da Vinci Diamonds Dual Play features 40 paylines. Bet Configuration Menu (mobile games) Press the arrow to open the bet configuration menu. Press the check mark to confirm and close the bet configuration menu. Lines Displays the current number of paylines. Betting is fixed at 40 paylines. Line Bet Displays the current bet per line shown in currency. Press the minus button (-) to decrease the bet per line. Press the plus button (+) to increase the bet per line. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current line bet. For UK jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Tumbling Reels and Tumble Thru Features All Paytable-defined symbol combinations trigger the Tumbling Reels feature during regular play and Extra Paylines Free Spins Bonus play. All winning symbol combinations are evaluated and award values are added to the win meter. All symbols in winning combinations disappear. The empty symbol positions on each reel are filled as symbols tumble from above, in sequence. With the Tumble Thru feature, symbols from the top game tumble down to fill empty spaces in the bottom game. The game screen is re-evaluated for symbols in winning combinations and values are added to the win meter. The Tumbling Reels feature remains active until no Paytable-defined symbol combinations are created as a result of new symbols tumbling from above. Extra Paylines Free Spins Bonus The Extra Paylines Free Spins Bonus is triggered when three Bonus symbols appear on a payline. Bonus symbols appear on reels 1, 2, and 3 only. Triggering the Extra Paylines Free Spins Bonus awards 6 free spins. The bonus offers 20 more ways to win with 20 extra paylines that crisscross between the top and bottom games. The reels in the Free Spins Bonus are richer than the base game reels. The Extra Paylines Free Spins Bonus is retriggered when three Bonus symbols appear on any of the 60 paylines. Bonus symbols appear on reels 1, 2, and 3 only. The bonus can be retriggered multiple times, up to a maximum of 300 free spins per bonus. Reels used in the Extra Paylines Free Spins Bonus are different from the reels used in the base game. Free spins are played at same line bet as the triggering spin. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the line bet on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Bonus symbol appears on reels 1, 2 and 3 in the base game and in the Extra Paylines Free Spins Bonus . Wild symbol appears on reels 2, 3, and 4 in the base game and in the Extra Paylines Free Spins Bonus . Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the Extra Paylines Free Spins Bonus , plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent, except in cases where one spin unlocks a feature for a subsequent spin or series of spins, per the game rules. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. Last modification date: 12/22/2021