Electric Tiger The neon lights are shining on ferociously big wins in Electric Tiger! This exhilarating new game features fifteen paylines, the Expanding Wilds feature, and the electrifying Wheel Shot Bonus. You’ll roar for more when the Tiger symbol appears and turns the whole reel wild for the current spin! Trigger one of the two exciting bonuses when the Star symbol appears on reel 3! The Wheel Bonus gives you a chance at instant big wins, while the Wheel Shot Bonus lets you advance through increasingly-valuable wheels while still providing a shot at the lucrative Bonus Wheel! How to Bet Electric Tiger features 15 paylines for 25 coins. Lines Displays the current number of paylines. Betting is fixed at 15 paylines, which costs 25 coins. Total Bet Displays the current bet value shown in currency. Press to reveal the Bet Menu and choose a bet amount. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current coin value and number of paylines. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Expanding Wilds Feature If a Wild symbol (Tiger) lands on a reel, it expands to fill the entire reel. Gateway Bonus The Gateway Bonus is triggered when a Star symbol appears on reel 3. Press the START button to reveal either a Bonus symbol or the Wheel Shot symbol. If the Wheel Shot symbol is revealed, the Wheel Shot Bonus is triggered. If the Bonus symbol is revealed, the player is awarded one spin of the Bonus Wheel. Wheel Shot Bonus Triggering the Wheel Shot Bonus awards one initial spin of Wheel 1. Each Wheel slice contains a value, as well as a number of left and right bump arrows. If Wheel 1 lands on the right arrow (Bump feature), the displayed value is awarded along with one spin of Wheel 2. If Wheel 1 lands on a field with a left arrow, the displayed value is awarded and the Wheel Shot Bonus ends. Similarly, if the Wheel 2 lands on the right arrow (Bump feature), the displayed value is awarded along with one spin of Wheel 3. If Wheel 2 lands on a field with a left arrow, the displayed value is awarded along with one spin of Wheel 1. Play continues in this manner until a spin on Wheel 1 lands on a value with a left arrow, at which point the Wheel Shot Bonus ends. If Wheel 4 lands on the right arrow (Bump feature), a spin of the Bonus Wheel is awarded. After the Bonus Wheel spin concludes, play returns to Wheel 4 and continues in the manner described above. The Bump feature may be awarded up to a maximum of 500 times. If the number of bumps exceeds the maximum limit, play continues on Wheels 1 through 4, but with the Bump feature disabled. In other words, if a Wheel stops on either arrow, play continues to the lower wheel or the bonus ends in the case that the spin occurs on Wheel 1. Wheel Bonus Triggering the Wheel Bonus awards one spin of the Bonus Wheel. The indicated value on the slice that the wheel lands on is awarded. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Bonus wins have been pre-multiplied by the current bet multiplier. Bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Wild symbol appears on all reels in the base game. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. A transaction includes the results of any triggered bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. See the paytable for details. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are raining spins. RTP: The Theoretical Return to Player is 92.35%. Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent, except in cases where one spin unlocks a feature for a subsequent spin or series of spins, per the game rules. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced Intellectual Property © 2018 IGT. All rights reserved. All other tradarks used herein are owned by IGT or its affiliates, may not be used without permission, and where indicated with a ®, are registered in the U.S. Patent and Tradark Office. Last modification date: 12/22/2021