Eternal Link Warrior's Empire High Stakes Eternal Link Warrior’s Empire High Stakes How To Bet Bet Settings Menu Press the Coin Stacks Icon to open the Bet Settings menu. Coins Displays the current number of coins being played. Betting is fixed at 243 ways. Coin Value Displays the current coin value shown in currency. Total Bet Displays the current total bet shown in currency. To change the bet, press the desired total bet in the Bet Settings menu, or by pressing the minus button (–) or the plus button (+) in the bet panel. Press the Checkmark to confirm and close the Bet Settings menu. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current total bet. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled, select the Auto Spin Button to open the Auto Spin settings to set up the following: Number of Auto Spins: press the minus button (–) or the plus button (+) to select the number of auto spins to play. Loss Limit: press the minus button (–) or the plus button (+) to select the value of the loss limit. Stop if a Single Win Reaches: press the minus button (–) or the plus button (+) to select the value of the maximum win. Press the Triangular Arrow Button to close the Auto Spin settings and start the auto spin feature with the currently selected bet and auto spin setup. Press the X Button to close the window without starting the feature. Press the Square Stop Button to stop the feature at any time. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until the Square Stop Button is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Eternal Link Hold & Win Gold During the base game or Bonus , 6 or more Gold Ball Scatter Symbols appearing in any position on the reels trigger the Eternal Link Hold & Win Gold Bonus . Triggering the Eternal Link Hold & Win Gold Bonus awards 3 respins. The bonus begins with game position 1 active. If 9 or more Gold Ball Scatter Symbols appear on the reels in the triggering spin, game position 2 is also activated. Each Gold Ball Scatter Symbol on the reels appears with a cash prize, or a Gold Major, Gold Minor, or Gold Mini prize icon. Prize values are shown in currency and are pre-multiplied by the coin value of the triggering spin. Each unlocked symbol position in all 4 game positions is a separate reel during the respins. Only Gold Ball Scatter Symbols are available during the bonus. All symbol positions containing Gold Ball Scatter Symbols in game position 1 lock for the remainder of the bonus. Collect the number of required Gold Ball Scatter Symbols displayed on an inactive game position to activate that game position: 9 Gold Ball Scatter Symbols in game position 1 activate game position 2 A total of 18 Gold Ball Scatter Symbols in game positions 1 and 2 activate game position 3 A total of 32 Gold Ball Scatter Symbols in game positions 1, 2, and 3 activate game position 4 If a Gold Ball Scatter Symbol appears on 1 or more unlocked reels in an active game position after a respin, the number of respins remaining resets to 3, the number of Gold Ball Scatter Symbols appearing on unlocked reels in active game positions are collected in each unlock meter, and all symbol positions containing Gold Ball Scatter Symbols in all game positions lock for the remainder of the bonus. If the required number of Gold Ball Scatter Symbols have been collected for a game position, that game position is activated for that respin and the remainder of the bonus. Wins are evaluated in active game positions after all awarded respins have been played or after all reels in all game positions have locked. Any respins remaining after all reels in all game positions have locked are not played. If 15 Gold Ball Scatter Symbols appear on the reels in an active game position, the Grand prize is awarded. Only 1 Grand prize may be awarded per bonus. Each Gold Ball Scatter Symbol appearing with a Major, Minor, or Mini prize icon in an active game position awards the Major prize, Minor prize, or Mini prize. All values appearing with Gold Ball Scatter Symbols in active game positions are also awarded. The Eternal Link Hold & Win Gold bonus continues until no respins remain or until all reels have locked, with all accumulated wins awarded to the player. More than 1 prize may be awarded during the Eternal Link Hold & Win Gold Bonus . Different reels are used during the Eternal Link Hold & Win Gold Bonus . Different reels are used for each game position. Reels are determined at the start of each respin and depend on the number of locked Gold Ball Scatter Symbols on the reels. Eternal Link Hold & Win Red Any combination of 6 or more Gold Ball Scatter Symbols and Red Ball Scatter Symbols with at least 1 Red Ball Scatter Symbol in any position on the reels during the base game or Bonus awards the Eternal Link Hold & Win Red Bonus . 3 respins are awarded. The bonus starts with game position 1 active. If 9 or more Gold and Red Ball Scatter Symbols appear on the reels, position 2 is activated. Each Red Ball Scatter Symbol on the reels appears with a cash prize, or a Red Major, Red Minor, or Red Mini. Each unlocked symbol position in all 4 game positions acts a separate reel during the respins. Only Gold and Red Ball Scatter Symbol are available. All reels containing Gold or Red Ball Scatter Symbols in position 1 lock for the rest of the bonus. Collect the required Gold and Red Ball Scatter Symbols to activate a game position: 9 Gold and Red Ball Scatter Symbols in position 1 activate position 2. 18 Gold and Red Ball Scatter Symbols in positions 1 and 2 activate position 3. 32 Gold and Red Ball Scatter Symbols in positions 1, 2, and 3 activate position 4. Each Red Ball Scatter Symbol appearing on an unlocked reel in an active game position after a respin is placed on an unlocked reel in 1 or more sequentially higher game positions with the same value or prize icon as the original Red Ball Scatter Symbol. If a game position is activated after a respin, each Red Ball Scatter Symbol appearing in that game position is placed on an unlocked reel in 1 or more sequentially higher game positions with the same value or prize as the original Red Ball Scatter Symbol. The Red Ball Scatter Symbol is not placed in a game position with 14 Gold and Red Ball Scatter Symbols on the reels. If Gold and Red Ball Scatter Symbols appear on 1 or more unlocked reels in an active game position after a respin, the number of respins remaining resets to 3, each unlock meter is decreased by the number of Gold and Red Ball Scatter Symbols appearing on unlocked reels in an active game positions, and all reels containing Gold or Red Ball Scatter Symbols lock for the rest of the bonus. If the required number of Gold and Red Ball Scatter Symbols have been collected for a reel position, that position is activated for that respin and the remainder of the bonus. Wins are evaluated in active game positions after all awarded respins have been played, or after all reels in all positions have locked. Any respins remaining after all reels in all positions have locked are not played. If 15 Gold and Red Ball Scatter Symbols appear on the reels in an active game position, the Grand prize is awarded. Only 1 Grand prize may be awarded per bonus. Each Red Ball Scatter Symbol appearing as Red Ball Major, Red Ball Minor, or Red Ball Mini in an active game position awards the Major, Minor, Mini prizes, respectively. All values awarded with Gold and Red Ball Scatter Symbols in active game positions are also awarded. The Eternal Link Hold & Win Red Bonus continues until no respins remain or until all reels have locked, with all accumulated wins awarded to the player. The Red Ball Scatter Symbol can duplicate onto higher positions, whether inactive or active, and have higher cash values. Different reels are used during the Eternal Link Hold & Win Red Bonus . Different reels are used for each game position. Reels are determined at the start of each respin and depend on the number of locked Gold Ball Scatter Symbols on the reels. Eternal Pot Feature After the reels stop spinning, 1 to 5 Gold or Red Ball Scatter Symbols appearing in any position on the reels in a base game or bonus spin may trigger the Eternal Pot Feature . If awarded, the pot places 1 to 5 additional Gold or Red Ball Scatter Symbols on the reels for a total of 6 Gold or Red Ball Scatter Symbols. If the Eternal Pot Feature is triggered and no Red Ball Scatter Symbols appear on the reels, the Eternal Link Hold & Win Gold Bonus is awarded. If the Eternal Pot Feature is triggered and at least 1 Red Ball Scatter Symbol appears on the reels, the Eternal Link Hold & Win Red Bonus is awarded. A maximum of 3 Red Ball Scatter Symbols may appear on the reels. Gold and Red Ball Scatter Symbols cannot be placed on a symbol position containing Bonus, Gold, or Red Ball Symbols. Bonus 3 Bonus Scatter Symbols on reels 2, 3, and 4 award 10 spins. The Bonus is played on the same ways at the same coin value as the triggering spin. During the Bonus , 3 Scatter Symbols on reels 2, 3, and 4 award 10 extra spins. During each spin, 2xWild, 3xWild, 4xWild, and 5xWild multiplier symbols can appear on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5. A maximum of 3 multiplier symbols may appear per spin. 2xWild, 3xWild, 4xWild, and 5xWild are wild and substitute for all symbols except the each other, Bonus, Gold Balls, and Red Balls. Each 2xWild, 3xWild, 4xWild, and 5xWild that substitutes in a MultiWay win multiplies the pay for that win by 2x, 3x, 4x, or 5x, respectively. More than 1 multiplier symbol may substitute and multiply in a MultiWay win, up to 24x. The Bonus ends when 0 spins remain or after 60 spins have been played. Different reels are used during the Bonus . If the Eternal Link Hold & Win Gold Bonus or Eternal Link Hold & Win Red Bonus is awarded during the spins, the Bonus continues after the end. Settings Sound Toggle game sounds on or off. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. MultiWay wins pay for the same symbol in any position in adjacent reels, starting from the leftmost reel. Same symbol in same reel multiplies win. MultiWay wins pay left to right. Only the highest paying MultiWay win for each symbol is paid per spin. Coinciding MultiWay wins from different symbols are added. MultiWay wins shown are pre-multiplied for the current bet. Bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Wild Symbol substitutes for all symbols except Bonus, Gold Ball Scatter Symbol, Red Ball Scatter Symbol, 2xWild, 3xWild, 4xWild, and 5xWild Symbols. Wild Symbol appears on reels 2, 3, and 4 only. Bonus Symbol appears on reels 2, 3, and 4 only. Before any feature is applied, Red Ball Scatter Symbol appears on reels 2, 3, and 4 only. The size and animation of the bowl and increased number of coins and money balls in the bowl have no effect on gameplay. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there may be an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining spins. Return to player for this game is 94.12%. Last modification date: 3/10/2026