Euphoria Megaways 1. Overview The goal is to obtain a winning combination on a winning way spread across the reels. Game specifications : Type Slots Number of reels 6 Number of rows 2 to 7 Number of ways Up to 117,649 Megaways Number of coins you can bet 20 (cannot be changed) Progressive No Double feature No Auto spin feature Yes Wild symbols Yes Multiplier symbols Yes Scatter symbols Yes (Free spins Scatter, Super Free Spins Scatter) Bonus round Yes Free s pins Yes Instant win No RTP Main game: 94.01 % Euphoria Spin Buy: 94.16 % Bonus Buy: 94.45 % Super Bonus Buy: 94.49 % The game disconnects if you do not take any actions for a specific number of consecutive minutes (this number varies depending on jurisdiction); the session recovery feature will save the game progress so that the next time the game is loaded, you can continue where you left off. In the event of technical difficulties resulting in a dropped connection to the game server, the game you were playing is saved automatically and will load the next time you establish a connection to the game server. You will not be able to reconnect to the game server for the first 30 seconds after the disconnection. Note : In case of malfunction all pays and play are voided; any bet that was not yet accepted will be voided, any bet that was unsettled will be refunded. 2. HOW TO PLAY Note: If you do not have enough money to play a game, the bet can be set to the minimum selectable amount through a dialog window informing about this. All winning ways pay from left to right. Winnings on different ways are all added. Only the highest winning combination on each way is paid. Winnings from Free Spins are added to the total win. The auto spin feature does not automatically start free spins - player input is required.(Available only for specific jurisdictions) On the info bar, you can view the current BET, your BALANCE and your current WIN, displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 2.1. Desktop version To play, follow these steps: 1. Click on the main screen, and then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value. Click to save the settings and return to the main screen. Note: The total BET is displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 2. Click to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won will be shown in the WIN field from the info bar, in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 2.2. Mobile version To play, follow these steps: 1. Tap on the main screen, then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value. Tap to save the settings and return to the main screen. Note: The total BET is displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 2. Tap to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won will be shown in the WIN field from the info bar, in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. To toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 3. Special Symbols and Features 3.1. Megaways Megaways under license from Big Time Gaming. Each spin can have up to 117,649 ways to win. Wins are awarded for left to right adjacent symbols, starting on reel 1, regardless of size. 3.2. Wild The Wild symbol replaces any other symbols, except the Bonus symbols, to form winning combinations. Wilds only appear on reels 2 ,3 ,4 and 5. 3.3. Bonus symbol Landing 3 or more Bonus symbols on reels will trigger Free Spins.3 Bonus- 8 Free Spins 4 Bonus- 10 Free Spin 5 Bonus- 12 Free Spins 6 Bonus- 14 Free Spins Super Free Spins triggered randomly if Bonus symbols animate red on Bonus trigger. 3.4. Star symbol Any Star symbol in view activate a win multiplier. Multipliers will multiply each other. Star is also Wild and substitutes for all symbols except Bonus. 3.5. Mystery symbol Mystery Symbols can land on any spin and transform into any paid symbol. 3.6. Euphoria Spin Euphoria Spin can trigger randomly on any base game spin. Guaranteed to land 2 or more Star symbols in view on a Euphoria Spin. Any Star symbols in view will increase the multiplier. Star symbols are also Wild. Multipliers will multiply each other. 3.7. Max Megaways Max Megaways can trigger randomly on any base game spin. This will force the reels into a 117,649 way outcome. 3.8. Max Megaways Euphoria Spin Max Megaways and a Euphoria Spin can trigger randomly on the same base game spin. This will force the reels into a 117,649 way outcome and land 2 or more Star symbols in view. 3.9. Free Spins Landing 3 or more Bonus symbols on reels will trigger Free Spins. Landing a Wild Star in view will activate a x2 win multiplier. Landing another Wild Star on the same reel will boost the multiplier to x3. Win multipliers will multiply each other. Active all 6 Star multipliers for 3 additional Free Spins and a multiplier extravaganza. 3.10. Super Free Spins Super Free Spins triggered randomly if Bonus symbols animate red on Bonus trigger. Super Free Spins is an enhanced version of the Bonus with even bigger payouts. 3.11. Euphoria Bet The Euphoria Bet costs 30x Total Bet. This will trigger the Euphoria Spin to guarantee at least 2 Star Wilds to land in view. Bonus Buy costs 100 x Total Bet. This will trigger the Free Spins Bonus with 3 or more Scatter symbols and no other winnings. The player will then enter Free Spins. Super Bonus Buy costs 300 x Total Bet. 3 or more Bonus symbols with Super Free Spins guaranteed. Super Free Spins is an enhanced version of the Bonus with even bigger payouts. Note: History application keys Free_Spins_Triggered= Free Spins Free_Spins_End= Free Spins Win Bonus_Buy_Type|X30= Euphoria Spin Bonus_Buy_Entered, Bonus_Buy_Type|X100= Bonus Buy Bonus_Buy_Type|X300= Super Bonus Buy WIN_CAP_REACHED= Win cap Free_Spins_Multiplier= Multiplier COMBO= Cascading Wins Initial_Screen= Initial symbols Final_Screen= Final symbols Mystery_Symbols= Mystery symbols Revealed_symbol= Symbol transformed 4. OTHER GAME BUTTONS 4.1. Desktop version The following buttons are available: Click this button to toggle the game sound on or off. Click this button to open the PAYOUTS tab, where you can view several screens: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in either credit or your real currency - to toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area. information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts, or specific awards; the game lines and basic game rules. To navigate among the various screens in the PAYOUTS tab, click on the left and right arrows at the bottom of the screen. RULES In the last of the screens from the PAYOUTS tab, click this button to view detailed game rules, in a new browser window. (in real mode only) This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Click on it to view the gameplay history, in a new browser window. This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Click on it to close the game and to open the home website, in the same browser window. (available while the reels are spinning) Click this button to stop the reels earlier. (available during winning animations) Click this button to skip the winning animations. (available only for specific jurisdictions) Click this button to activate Turbo mode. The Turbo mode speeds up the gameplay - the spin time is reduced to a minimum. 4.2. Mobile version The following buttons are available: Tap this button to toggle the game sound on or off. Tap this button to open the PAYOUTS tab, where you can view several screens: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in either credit or your real currency - to toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area. information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts, or specific awards; the game lines and basic game rules. To navigate among the various screens in the PAYOUTS tab, tap on the left and right arrows at the bottom of the screen. RULES In the last of the screens from the PAYOUTS tab, tap this button to view detailed game rules, in a new browser window. (in real mode only) This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap on it to view the gameplay history in a new browser window. This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap on it to close the game and to open the home website, in the same browser window. (available while the reels are spinning) Tap this button to stop the reels earlier. (available during winning animations) Tap this button to skip the winning animations. (available only for specific jurisdictions) Tap this button to activate Turbo mode. The Turbo mode speeds up the gameplay - the spin time is reduced to a minimum. 5. AUTO SPIN FEATURE The loss limit setting allows stopping the auto spin feature automatically when the selected limit, plus your cumulative winnings, and minus your cumulative bets, is less than 0. 5.1. Desktop version Click the AUTO SPIN button to open the AUTO SPIN settings window where you can set up the following: Number of auto spins: click + or - to select the number of auto spins to play. Loss limit: click + or - to select the value of the loss limit; Stop if a win reaches: click + or - to select the value of the maximum win; Stop if JACKPOT is won (only for games with Progressive Jackpots): to enable this setting, tick the checkbox; to disable it, remove the tick. Click the ACTIVATE button to close the AUTO SPIN settings window and to start the auto spin feature with the currently selected bet and auto spin setup. Click the CLOSE button to close the window without starting the auto spin feature. Click the STOP AUTO SPIN button to stop the auto spin feature at any time. 5.2. Mobile version Tap the AUTO SPIN button to open the AUTO SPIN settings window where you can set up the following: Number of auto spins: tap + or - to select the number of auto spins to play. Loss limit: tap + or - to select the value of the loss limit; Stop if a win reaches: tap + or - to select the value of the maximum win; Stop if JACKPOT is won (only for games with Progressive Jackpots): to enable this setting, tick the checkbox; to disable it, remove the tick. Tap the ACTIVATE button to close the SPIN settings window and to start the auto spin feature with the currently selected bet and auto spin setup. Tap the CLOSE button to close the window without starting the auto spin feature. Tap the STOP AUTO SPIN button to stop the auto spin feature at any time. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PAYS AND PLAYS Last modification date: 1/18/2024