Enchanted Lamp Wild wishes are granted in Enchanted Lamp ! Summon the genie with the frequently-occurring Enchanted Lamp feature in the base game: when one or more Enchanted Lamp symbols appear anywhere on the reels, they reveal a symbol. All other instances of that symbol that appear on the reels become wild for amazingly magical wins. Trigger the Free Spins Bonus and be handsomely rewarded with 10 free spins and a guaranteed Enchanted Lamp feature on each spin! How to Bet Enchanted Lamp features 26 paylines for 16 coins. Coins Displays the current number of coins. Betting is fixed at 26 paylines, which costs 16 coins. Coin Value Displays the current coin value shown in currency. Total Bet Displays the current total bet shown in currency. Press the minus button (–) to decrease the total bet. Press the plus button (+) to increase the total bet. Spin Press the circular arrow button to submit the bet and spin the reels. The theoretical return to player of this game is 94.11%. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current coin value. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Enchanted Lamp Feature On any spin, each Enchanted Lamp scatter symbol appearing in any position on the reels transforms into one of the following symbols: Aladdin, Jasmine, Turban, Swords, Brooch, or Ring. Every position where the transformed symbol appears is converted to a Wild symbol. Each Enchanted Lamp symbol transforms individually. The Enchanted Lamp symbol only reveals symbols that already appear on the reels and have not already been revealed by a preceding Enchanted Lamp symbol. Wins are evaluated after all symbol transformations are complete. If all available symbols have already been transformed, additional Enchanted Lamp symbols transform into a Wild symbol. Free Spins Bonus The Free Spins Bonus is triggered when one Bonus symbol appears in any position on reel 1 and one or more Enchanted Lamp scatter symbols appear in any position on any other reel. Triggering the Free Spins Bonus awards 10 free spins. The reels in the Free Spins Bonus are richer than the base game reels. During each free spin, an Enchanted Lamp symbol is guaranteed to appear on each reel upon which an Enchanted Lamp symbol appeared in the triggering spin. The Free Spins Bonus cannot be retriggered. Free spins are played at the same coin value as the triggering spin. Pattern Win Fill every position on all reels with Wild symbols to be awarded a Pattern Win. See the paytable for details. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far-left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the coin value on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Line wins are not paid in addition to pattern wins. Bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Bonus symbol appears on reel 1 in the base game only. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. Theoretical Return to the player is 96.07%. Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent, except in cases where one spin unlocks a feature for a subsequent spin or series of spins, per the game rules. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size (except the jackpot), balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. Intellectual Property © 2020 IGT. All rights reserved. All other trademarks used herein are owned by IGT or its affiliates, may not be used without permission, and where indicated with a ®, are registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. Last modification date: 3/1/2022