MegaJackpots Elephant King Listen for the thunderous rush of the elephant in MegaJackpots Elephant King and big wins might follow! Bonus scatter symbols rumble in frequently on reels 1, 3, and 5, which trigger the Prize Disk feature. Each triggering symbol pays a bonus win, awards free spins, or triggers the MegaJackpots Bonus . During the Free Spins Bonus , the reels are loaded with higher paying animal symbols and the Bonus scatter symbols can appear on all reels for even more chances to experience the untamed abundance of the Prize Disk feature! How to Bet MegaJackpots Elephant King features 40 paylines. Bet Configuration Menu Press the cog or TOTAL BET to open the bet configuration menu. Coins Displays the current number of coins being played. Betting is fixed at 40 paylines. Coin Value Displays the current coin value shown in currency. To change the bet: Select the desired total bet. On desktop devices, optionally press the minus button (–) to decrease the total bet, or press the plus button (+) to increase the total bet. Press OK to confirm and close the bet configuration menu. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current coin value and number of paylines selected. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Prize Disk Feature The Prize Disk feature is triggered when one or more Bonus scatter symbols appear anywhere on the reels. These symbols are only found on reels 1, 3, and 5 only in the base game and on reels 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5 in the Free Spins Bonus . Each triggering Bonus scatter symbol pays a prize value, awards free spins, awards extra spins, or triggers the MegaJackpots Bonus as shown in the Prize Disk position above the triggering symbol. On each spin, the awards in the Prize Disk shift one reel to the left, introducing a different award in the Prize Disk position above the fifth reel. Available prizes displayed on the Prize Disk are 300, 500, 600, 700, 800, 900, 1000, 1100, 1200, 1300, 1400, 1500, 1600, 1700, 1800, 1900, 2000, 3000, 4000, 5000, 6000, 7500, and 10,000 times the coin value. The Prize Disk used in the Free Spins Bonus is different from the Prize Disk used in the base game. The available Prize Disk awards differ per coin value and are stored across play sessions. MegaJackpots Bonus The MegaJackpots Bonus is triggered when a Bonus scatter symbol appears on any reel and a MegaJackpots symbol appears in the Prize Disk above it in the base game or in the Free Spins Bonus . Triggering the MegaJackpots Bonus awards one spin of the MegaJackpots Prize Disk . At the end of the spin, any prizes displayed in the MegaJackpots Prize Disk above any Bonus scatter symbols are awarded, and the bonus ends. Win the MegaJackpots Progressive when the MegaJackpots symbol appears in the MegaJackpots Prize Disk above a Bonus scatter symbol. The MegaJackpots Prize Disk is different from the Prize Disk in the base game and Free Spins Bonus . The MegaJackpots Prize Disk in the base game is different from the MegaJackpots Prize Disk in the Free Spins Bonus . Winning the MegaJackpots Progressive Every bet offers a chance to win the MegaJackpots Progressive. The higher the bet, the better the odds of winning. The odds of winning the Jackpot are proportional to the actual bet amount. Therefore, the game is completely fair, offering the same odds per amount bet per currency. For example, a player playing at a 0.20 coin value has twice the chance of winning the Jackpot as a player playing at a 0.10 coin value in the same game and currency. The expected return to player is the same for both players. See Rules for information regarding payout. Free Spins Bonus The Free Spins Bonus is triggered when one or more Free Spins symbols are awarded from the Prize Disk feature. Each triggering Free Spins symbol awards 10 free spins. The reels in the Free Spins Bonus are richer than the base game reels, with more Bonus symbols added to the reels and richer pays for Elephant, Rhino, Zebra, and Gazelle wins. During the Free Spins Bonus each Extra Spins symbol awarded from the Prize Disk feature awards 2 additional free spins. Additional free spins can be retriggered multiple times, up to a maximum of 250 free spins per bonus. Reels used in the Free Spins Bonus are different from the reels used in the base game. Free spins are played at same coin value and same number of paylines as the triggering spin. Options All Sound Toggle game sounds on or off. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far-left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the coin value on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Prize Disk wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Bonus scatter symbol appears on reels 1, 3, and 5 in the base game and appears on all reels in the Free Spins Bonus . Wild symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols except Bonus symbol in the base game and the Free Spins Bonus . Wild symbol appears on reels 2, 3, and 4 only. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there may be an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. MegaJackpots Rules When a player wins the Jackpot, a notification message appears. Customer service will contact the player within 24 hours with details of your Jackpot payout. The award verification may take up to 72 hours, and the win will not be reflected in your account balance. You may continue to play. It will not affect your Jackpot. The amount paid after verification is approximately the amount seen on the Jackpot meter when the win occurs. Potentially, the awarded Jackpot could be somewhat higher because of display delays. In an exceptionally rare case, two players may simultaneously win MegaJackpots . The order of the winners is determined solely by the timestamp applied to each transaction request as it is received by the MegaJackpots server. The official MegaJackpots winning outcome belongs to the player whose transaction timestamp is first. The player whose timestamp is second may win the jackpot Re-Seed Amount if their MegaJackpots winning outcome occurred just after the other player’s MegaJackpots win, but before the MegaJackpots meter was able to reset. All applicable taxes and fees in connection with any winnings awarded to the player, and any other payments to the winning player are his/her sole responsibility. Winnings cannot be transferred, substituted, or redeemed for any other consideration. Jackpot represents an increasing top award where the growth is funded by a fixed percentage of each bet placed by all players playing for the jackpot. Additional Information Lost Connection During Jackpot Win In the unlikely event of a lost connection or game reset during a jackpot-triggering spin, the jackpot will be awarded. Notification of the jackpot win will not appear on the game screen when the game is reloaded, and the win will not be reflected in your account balance. Any standard wins will be reflected in your account balance. Continued play, whether in this game or any other, does not affect the jackpot payout. The Customer Service Team will contact you within 24 hours with the details of your jackpot payout. The award verification may take up to 72 hours. The theoretical return to the player (RTP) is 88.99% Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent, except in cases where one spin unlocks a feature for a subsequent spin or series of spins, per the game rules. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given spin of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next spin are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of spins by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced.