Elephant King Listen for the thunderous rush of the elephant in the Elephant King and big wins are sure to follow! Bonus scatter symbols rumble in frequently on reels 1, 3, and 5, which trigger the Prize Disk feature. Each triggering symbol pays a bonus win or awards free spins. During the Free Spins Bonus , the Bonus scatter symbols can appear on all reels for event more chances to experience the untamed abundance of the Prize Disk feature! How To Bet Elephant King features 40 paylines. BET CONFIGURATION MENU (Mobile/Tablet devices) Press the green arrow to open the bet configuration menu. Press the green check mark to confirm and close the bet configuration menu. LINES Displays the current number of paylines selected. Betting is fixed at 40 paylines which costs 75 coins. COIN VALUE Displays the current coin value shown in currency. Press the minus button (-) to decrease the coin value. Press the plus button (+) to increase the coin value. SPIN Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature (Desktop only) Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current coin value and number of paylines selected. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press Auto Spin and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until Stop is pressed, a bonus is triggered, or the balance is insufficient to spin again. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Prize Disk Feature The Prize Disk feature is triggered when a Bonus scatter symbol appears anywhere on the reels. These symbols are only found on reels 1, 3, and 5 in the base game and on reels 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 in the Free Spins Bonus . Each triggering Bonus scatter symbol pays a bonus win or awards free spins as shown in the Prize Disk position above the triggering symbol. On each spin, the awards in the Prize Disk shift one reel to the left, introducing a different award in the Prize Disk position above the fifth reel. The Prize Disk used is the Free Spins Bonus is different from the Prize Disk used in the base game. The available Prize Disk awards differ per coin value and are stored across play sessions. Free Spins Bonus The Free Spins Bonus is triggered when one or more Free Spins symbols are awarded from the Prize Disk feature. Each triggering Free Spins symbol awards 10 free spins. The reels in the Free Spins Bonus are richer than the base game reels, with more Bonus symbols added to the reels. The Free Spins Bonus is retriggered when one or more Extra Spins symbols are awarded from the Prize Disk feature. Each triggering Extra Spins symbol awards 2 additional free spins. The bonus can be retriggered multiple times, up to a maximum of 250 free spins per bonus. Reels used in the Free Spins Bonus are different from the reels used in the base game. Free spins are automatically played at the same coin value and same number of paylines as the triggering spin. Rules and Additional Information Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the coin value on the winning line. Bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Prize Disk wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Bonus scatter symbol appears on reels 1, 3, and 5 in the base game, and appears on all reels in the Free Spins Bonus. Wild symbol appears on reels 2, 3, and 4 only. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the Free Spins Bonus plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 RTP: The Theoretical Return to Player is 94.3% Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent except in cases where one spin unlocks a feature for a subsequent spin or series of spins, per the game rules. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. Intellectual Property Â© 2017 IGT. All rights reserved. All other trademarks used herein are owned by IGT or its affiliates, may not be used without permission, and where indicated with a Â®, are registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. Last modification date: 6/5/2020