Fantastic Fireworks Light up the sky with bursts of big wins in Fantastic Fireworks! Explosive wins fill the reels when chains of 3 or more symbols appear. When longer chains and chains that intersect appear, special fireworks are created that remain on the reels until they explode! Have a blast as you collect multiple special fireworks to ignite chain reactions and really set the reels on fire. Fill the Rocket Meter to launch one of 2 bonuses: the Free Spins Bonus , with even more exploding symbols, or the Cannon Bonus , where you choose 3 cannons to reveal their fiery awards and possibly ignite more cannons. How To Bet Auto Spin Feature Floating Reels Feature Exploding Symbols Bonuses Free Spins Bonus Cannon Bonus Rules Additional Information How To Bet Fantastic Fireworks features 10 paylines. Bet Configuration Menu (mobile/tablet devices only) Press the green arrow to open the bet configuration menu. Press the green check mark to confirm and close the bet configuration menu. COINS Displays the number of coins bet. Betting is fixed at 10 paylines for 20 coins. COIN VALUE Displays the current coin value shown in currency. Press the minus button (–) to decrease the coin value. Press the plus button (+) to increase the coin value. SPIN Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. [ top ] Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current coin value. For UK jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. [ top ] Floating Reels Feature On any winning symbol combination: 1. All winning symbol combinations are evaluated and award values are added to the win meter. 2. Exploding symbols are created for all chains of 4, chains of 5, or intersecting wins. 3. Exploding symbols involved in a win (other than the win that creates them), struck by explosions, or occupying the same position as another exploding symbol, each explode. 4. Each explosion pays a prize based on how many explosions have occurred to that point during a single float. 5. All symbols in winning combinations or struck by explosions disappear. 6. Empty spaces are filled as symbols rise from below, in sequence. 7. Floats continue until no new winning symbol combinations appear. At the start of each spin, untriggered exploding symbols move to random positions on the reels, possibly replicating as they move. These symbols replace the symbols that would have landed in these positions. Any Sparkler symbols landing on the reels immediately increment the Rocket Bonus meter by 1 and become normal symbols. [ top ] Exploding Symbols Every chain of exactly 4 symbols creates a Boom symbol in the second position of the chain (from left or top). Every chain of 5 symbols creates a Super symbol in the center position of the chain. Every intersection of 2 wins of the same type creates a CrissCross symbol at the intersecting position. Boom, CrissCross, and Super symbols explode when: They are part of a win (other than the win that creates them) They are hit by the effects of another exploding symbol They occupy the same position as another exploding symbol Each explosion pays a prize based on the number of explosions occurring to that point within a single float. See paytable for values. Boom symbols explode all symbols immediately adjacent to them. CrissCross symbols explode all symbols in the same row and column. Super symbols explode the most numerous type of symbol on the reels, not counting symbols that are part of wins or have already been struck by an explosion. When an exploding symbol is created in a position already occupied by one or more exploding symbols, only the last symbol created will be visible. All symbols in that location continue to exist and each will explode on that spin and pay out as normal. Any exploding symbols which are not triggered during a spin remain on the reels until they explode. At the start of the next spin, these exploding symbols move to a random position on the reels. When moving, if there are less than 5 exploding symbols on the reels, one or more can replicate and create more of the same type of exploding symbol. The maximum number of new replicated symbols is equal to the number of exploding symbols on the reels at the start of the spin. Exploding symbols are guaranteed to appear on every spin in Free Spins Bonus . On the first free spin and any free spin for which no exploding symbols persist from the previous spin, 1-5 of a random exploding symbol type will be added to the reels. Accumulating more exploding fireworks causes bigger chain reactions and bigger wins. Exploding symbols are remembered separately for each bet level. [ top ] Bonuses Collect 20 or more scattered Sparkler symbols in the Rocket Meter to trigger one of 2 bonuses. Every Sparkler symbol that appears on the reels fills one space in the Rocket Meter. If the Bonus Rocket symbol appears, the meter fills instantly. The Bonus Rocket cannot appear on the same spin as Sparkler symbols. Rocket Meter levels are remembered separately for each bet level. The Free Spins Bonus or the Cannon Bonus is randomly awarded. [ top ] Free Spins Bonus Triggering the Free Spins Bonus awards 8 free spins. At least one exploding symbol is guaranteed to be on the reels on every free spin. For every 10 scattered Sparkler symbols collected during the Free Spins Bonus , an additional 4 free spins are awarded. Rocket Bonus symbols do not appear in the Free Spins Bonus . At the start of the Free Spins Bonus , the Rocket Meter begins at 0. Free spins are played at same coin value and same number of paylines as the triggering spin. [ top ] Cannon Bonus Select 3 of 6 fireworks cannons in the Cannon Bonus . Each cannon awards a prize and may cause a spark that lights one of the unselected cannons. Cannon awards can be 25, 30, 35, 40, 45, 50, 55, 60, 65, 70, 75, 80, 85, 90, 95, 100, 125, 150, 175, 200, 225, 250, 275, 300, 325, 350, 375, 400, 425, 450, 475, and 500. Cannon awards are multiplied by the coin value. [ top ] Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and in consecutive positions. Only the highest winner per symbol type is paid on each payline. 3 or more adjacent Super symbols pay only if there are no adjacent Firework symbols, and then they are treated as Red Firework symbols. Line wins are multiplied by the coin value on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Each exploding symbol trigger awards a prize based on how many explosions have occurred during that float. Explosion wins are multiplied by the coin value. Explosion wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Super symbols are wild and substitute for the standard version of all other symbols. Sparkler symbols appear in all positions in the base game and the Free Spins Bonus games. Rocket Bonus symbols appear on reel 3 in the base game only. Boom, CrissCross, and Super symbols are created by wins. Wins are shown in currency. RTP is 96.51%. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the Free Spins Bonus or the Cannon Bonus , plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. [ top ] Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent, except in cases where one spin unlocks a feature for a subsequent spin or series of spins, per the game rules. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. Short-term payback can be influenced by the state of the Bonus Meter and by the current accumulation of exploding symbols. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. Intellectual Property © 2018 IGT. All rights reserved. All other trademarks used herein are owned by IGT or its affiliates, may not be used without permission, and where indicated with a ®, are registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. [ top ] The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/7/2023