Fortune Coin Charm Fortune Coin Charm How to Bet Bet Settings Menu Press the cog or TOTAL BET to open the Bet Settings menu. 243 WAYS Displays the current number of ways being played. Betting is fixed at 243 ways. Coin Value Displays the current coin value shown in currency. Change by selecting the desired total bet. On desktop devices, optionally press the minus button (–) to decrease the coin value or press the plus button (+) to increase the coin value. Press OK to confirm and close the Bet Settings menu. RTP - 94.2% Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at 243 ways and the current coin value. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins and where available, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Coin Feature The Coin feature is triggered when 1 or more Coin Scatter Symbols appear anywhere on the reels. Coin Scatter Symbols may award cash prizes, trigger the Free Spins Bonus , or trigger the Jackpot Bonus . The Coin feature is available in both the base game and the Free Spins Bonus . Jackpot Bonus Collect 3 matching symbols to win the corresponding Maxi, Major, Minor, or Mini Jackpot award. Players are guaranteed at least 1 jackpot, but can win all 4 jackpots if an Award All icon is revealed. Find Boost, Super Boost, and Mega Boost icons to increase the value of the jackpots. Boost Symbol Jackpot Boost Mega Boost 3x Super Boost 2x Boost 1x For example, if the Super Boost icon is revealed, each jackpot increases by 2 times. If both the Boost and Mega Boost icons are revealed, each jackpot increases by 4 times. Jackpots may be increased up to a maximum of 6 times. The bonus ends after a jackpot has been awarded. Jackpot values reset after every bonus. Free Spins Bonus The Free Spins Bonus is triggered when 3 or more Bonus Scatter Symbols appear anywhere on the reels. Number of Bonus Symbols Free Spins Awarded 3 10 4 15 5 20 The Free Spins Bonus is retriggered when 3 or more Bonus Scatter Symbols appear anywhere on the reels. Number of Bonus Symbols Additional Free Spins Awarded 3 10 4 15 5 20 Free spins can also be triggered or retriggered through the Coin feature. 5, 10, 15, or 20 free spins can be awarded. Multiple amounts of the above can be awarded on 1 spin in the base game and the Free Spins Bonus . For example, if 2 Coins with 5 free spins and 15 free spins are revealed, 20 free spins are awarded. Reels used in the Free Spins Bonus are different from the reels used in the base game. The bonus can be retriggered multiple times, up to a maximum of 1000 free spins per bonus. Free spins are played at same coin value as the triggering spin. Options All Sound Toggle game sounds on or off. Sound Effects Toggle sound effects on or off. Music Toggle music on or off. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. MultiWay wins pay for the same symbol in any position in adjacent reels. Same symbol in same reel multiplies win. MultiWay wins pay left to right. Only the highest paying MultiWay win for each symbol is paid per spin. Coinciding MultiWay wins from different symbols are added. MultiWay wins are multiplied by the coin value. Wild Symbol appears on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5 in the base game and the Free Spins Bonus . Only the highest scatter win is paid. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Scatter wins are independent from MultiWay wins and are also added to the total amount paid. Bonus wins are independent from MultiWay wins and are added to the total amount paid. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there may be an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. Last modification date: 11/25/2025