Fortune Coin Fever Spins How to Bet Bet Settings Menu Press the cog or TOTAL BET to open the Bet Settings menu. 243 WAYS Displays the current number of ways being played. Betting is fixed at 243 ways. Coins Displays the current number of coins being played. Coin Value Displays the current coin value shown in currency. Select the desired total bet to change. On desktop devices, optionally press the minus button (–) to decrease the coin value or press the plus button (+) to increase the coin value. Press OK to confirm and close the Bet Settings menu. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at 243 ways and the current coin value. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins and where available, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Fever Spins Feature Fever Spins triggers on any spin in the base game that pays at least 2x the total bet, including Jackpot Bonus wins. The amount of Fever Spins awarded is determined by iding the total win by the total bet, up to a maximum of 100 spins. For instance, if playing at a 0.2 total bet and the win amount is 4, 20 Fever Spins are awarded. To play Fever Spins , wager the value of the triggering spin from the winnings displayed in the Win Meter. During Fever Spins , if a new spin results in win, and the number of spins awarded is less than 100, the number of remaining Fever Spins are recalculated again. After each Fever Spins , bet again or press COLLECT to collect the winnings. This process repeats until the balance in the Win Meter is too low to bet, COLLECT is pressed, or after the 100th spin. The number of spins played, and the number of remaining spins available are shown in the meters. Different reels are used in Fever Spins . Fever Spins are played at the same coin value as the triggering spin. During Fever Spins , the Fortune Coin feature, Jackpot Bonus , and Free Spins Bonus can trigger. Fortune Coin Feature The Fortune Coin feature is triggered when 1 or more Coin Scatter Symbols appear anywhere on the reels in the base game, Fever Spins feature, or the Free Spins Bonus . Coin Symbols may award cash prizes or trigger the Jackpot Bonus in the base game. They may also trigger the Free Spins Bonus in the Fever Spins feature. Jackpot Bonus The Jackpot Bonus is triggered when a Coin Scatter Symbol in the Fortune Coin feature reveals a Jackpot icon. Collect 3 matching symbols to win the corresponding Maxi, Major, Minor, or Mini Jackpot award. Find Boost, Super Boost, and Mega Boost icons to increase the value of the jackpots. Jackpots may be increased up to a maximum of 6 times. At least 1 jackpot is guaranteed, but all 4 jackpots and boosted awards may be awarded if an Award All icon is revealed. The bonus ends after a jackpot has been awarded. Jackpot values reset after every bonus. Free Spins Bonus The Free Spins Bonus triggers from the Fever Spins feature in 2 ways – 3 or more Bonus Scatter Symbols appearing anywhere on the reels, or 1 or more Free Spins are revealed in the Fortune Coin feature. When triggering or retriggering the bonus from Bonus Scatter Symbols, 3, 4 or 5 Bonus Scatter Symbols awards 10, 15, or 20 free spins, respectively. In the Fortune Coin feature, 5, 10, 15, or 20 free spins can be awarded. If multiple coins reveal free spins, they are added together. Reels used in the Free Spins Bonus are different from the reels used in the base game. The bonus can retrigger multiple times, up to a maximum of 1000 free spins per bonus. Free spins are played at same coin value as the triggering spin. Options All Sound Toggle game sounds on or off. Sound Effects Toggle sound effects on or off. Music Toggle music on or off. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. MultiWay wins pay for the same symbol in any position in adjacent reels. Same symbol in same column multiplies win. MultiWay wins pay left to right. Only the highest paying MultiWay win for each symbol is paid per spin. Coinciding MultiWay wins from different symbols are added. Only the highest scatter win is paid. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Scatter wins are independent from MultiWay wins and are also added to the total amount paid. Bonus Scatter Symbols appear only in the Fever Spins feature and the Free Spins Bonus . Bonus wins are independent from MultiWay wins and are added to the total amount paid. Wild Symbol appears on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5 in the base game, Fever Spins , and the Free Spins Bonus . Wild Symbol substitutes for all symbols except Bonus and Coin Symbols. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there may be an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. Last modification date: 5/29/2025