Fortunes of Egypt The ancient sands reveal a rewarding adventure in Fortunes of Egypt . Trigger the Jackpot Bonus when three or more Jackpot symbols appear; select a sarcophagus in the tomb to win one of three incredible jackpots. Accumulate bonus points as you spin to trigger the Bonus Game and navigate a perilous chasm in your quest for eternal riches. How to Bet Fortunes of Egypt features 25 fixed paylines. Bet Configuration Menu (mobile/tablet/mini games) Press the arrow to open the bet configuration menu. Press the check mark to confirm and close the bet configuration menu. The theoretical return to player of this game is 96.27%. Lines Displays the current number of paylines. Betting is fixed at 25 paylines. Line Bet Displays the current bet per line shown in currency. Press the minus button (–) to decrease the bet per line. Press the plus button (+) to increase the bet per line. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current line bet and number of paylines. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Auto Spin feature is not available in mini format. Bonus Game Receive 1 point for each payline multiplied by the line bet each time the Bonus symbol appears anywhere on reel 5. Accumulate 1,000 points and trigger the Bonus Game . The objective of the Bonus Game is to reach the treasure by finding the way across the floor tiles without falling through. Press one of the three floor tiles in front of the character. The further the character progresses across the tiles, the more coins awarded. The choice of floor tiles does not affect the outcome of the Bonus Game . Any points remaining upon completion of the Bonus game are applied toward the next Bonus game. Jackpot Bonus The Jackpot Bonus is triggered when 3 or more Jackpot symbols appear on consecutive reels, starting with the left-most reel on an active payline. Select one of the three sarcophagi to win the Jackpot, Super Jackpot, or Grand Jackpot. The choice of a sarcophagus does not affect the outcome of the Jackpot Bonus . The jackpots are fixed awards, multiplied by line bet. Free Spins Bonus The Free Spins Bonus is triggered when three or more Scatter symbols appear anywhere on the reels. These symbols can be found on every reel. Number of Scatter Symbols Free Spins Awarded 3 8 4 20 5 100 All prizes awarded during the Free Spins Bonus are doubled, except for jackpot awards, bonus points, and the number of retriggered free spins. The Free Spins Bonus is retriggered when three or more Scatter symbols appear anywhere on the reels during the Free Spins Bonus . Number of Scatter symbols Additional Free Spins Awarded 3 8 4 20 5 100 The Free Spins Bonus can be retriggered multiple times, up to a maximum of 600 free spins per bonus. Free spins are played at same line bet and same number of paylines as the triggering spin. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the line bet on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. The Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except the Scatter, Jackpot, and Bonus symbols. The Wild symbol appears on reels 1, 2, and 3 only. Bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent, except in cases where one spin unlocks a feature for a subsequent spin or series of spins, per the game rules. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. Last modification date: 10/19/2021