Firehouse Hounds Firehouse Hounds This game is hotter than a 4-alarm fire! Ride along and let these dedicated hounds help you muster up some smokin' hot wins! On any spin, the Wild Fire feature may engulf reel 1, reel 5, or both with Wild symbols. During the Wild Fire Free Spins Bonus, reels 1 and 5 are both ablaze with Wilds on every spin! How to Bet Auto Spin Feature Wild Fire Feature Wild Fire Free Spins Bonus Rules Additional Information How to Bet Firehouse Hounds features 30 paylines for 40 coins. 30 LINES + FEATURE Displays the current number of coins being played. Betting is fixed at 30 paylines which costs 40 coins. COIN VALUE Displays the current coin value shown in currency. Press the left arrow (–) to decrease the coin value. Press the right arrow (+) to increase the coin value. Spin Button Press to submit the bet and spin the reels. [ top ] Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current coin value. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until the STOP button is pressed, a bonus is triggered, or the balance is insufficient to spin again. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. [ top ] Wild Fire Feature On any spin in the base game, reel 1, reel 5, or both reels may become completely wild. [ top ] Wild Fire Free Spins Bonus Three Bonus symbols anywhere on the centre three reels trigger the Wild Fire Free Spins Bonus and pay 30x the coin value. Select a fire pole to receive 4, 5, or 6 free spins. During the bonus, reels 1 and 5 are completely wild. Three scattered Bonus symbols retrigger the bonus and pay 30x the coin value. Select again from the fire poles to receive 4, 5, or 6 additional free spins, up to a maximum of 200 free spins. Bonus symbols appear on reels 2, 3, and 4 only. Free spins are played at the same coin value and same number of lines as the triggering spin. [ top ] Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. Line wins pay left to right or right to left. All line win symbols must appear on a payline and on consecutive reels, beginning with either the far left or the far right reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the coin value. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Wild symbol appears on reels 2 and 4 only. The Wild Fire feature turns reel 1, reel 5 or both completely wild. During the Wild Fire Free Spins Bonus, reels 1 and 5 are completely wild. Bonus scatter symbol appears on reels 2, 3, and 4 only. Three Bonus scatter symbols pay 30x the coin value. Scatter wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Reels used in the Wild Fire Free Spins Bonus are different from the reels used in the base game. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the Free Spins Bonus plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. [ top ] Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given spin of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next spin are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of spins by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. The theoretical return to player of this game is 96.06% Intellectual Property All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of IGT in the U.S. and/or other countries. © 2015 IGT. All rights reserved. Last modification date: 1/31/2017