Fire Burner Slot Get ready to set the reels on fire! Have a devilishly good time playing for red-hot wins in Fire Burner ! Win a hot Jackpot Bonus on any spin where 5 Jackpot symbols appear on a payline. Also, in the base game, when 3 or 4 Jackpot symbols appear on a payline there is a second chance for winning the Jackpot Bonus . Scorching Scatter symbols may appear and award additional free spins, for even more sizzling wins! Collect points with each Bonus symbol to trigger the Bonus Game , where you open boxes and win prizes instantly. This game is a smoking good time! How to Bet Fire Burner features 15 paylines. Bet Configuration Menu (mobile/tablet/mini games) Press the arrow to open the bet configuration menu. Press the check mark to confirm and close the bet configuration menu. Lines Displays the current number of paylines. Coin Value Displays the current coin value shown in currency. Press the minus button (–) to decrease the coin value. Press the plus button (+) to increase the coin value. Total Bet Displays the current total bet shown in currency. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current coin value. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Auto Spin feature is not available in mini format. Bonus Game Accumulate 750 points to start the Bonus Game . Each Bonus scatter symbol appearing anywhere on the reels awards 15 points times the bet multiplier of the triggering spin. The current value of points awarded are displayed in the paytable. When triggered, pick a box from the bottom row. The bottom row is a guaranteed prize. Continue selecting one box from each row from the bottom up, until a Stop symbol is revealed. Once a Stop symbol is revealed, the Bonus Game ends, and all accumulated prizes are awarded. Bonus wins are added to payline wins. The player’s choice does not affect the outcome. Any remaining points after a bonus game has been played are applied towards to the next bonus game. Jackpot Bonus Win the Jackpot when five Jackpot symbols appear in a row from the leftmost reel on a payline. The value of the Jackpot is displayed above the reels in the base game. Five Jackpot symbol payline wins are not paid in addition to the Jackpot. On any spin in the base game where 3 or 4 Jackpot symbols appear on a payline and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far-left reel, a behind-the-scenes Second Chance drawing occurs that may also award the Jackpot. The odds of winning a Second Chance Jackpot are proportional to the amount wagered. The expected return to player is the same for all wagers. Second Chance Jackpot wins are paid in addition to payline wins. The Jackpot is fixed award and is not shared – it is only winnable by the player. Free Spins Bonus The Free Spins Bonus is triggered when 3 or more Scatter symbols appear anywhere on the reels. Number of Scatter Symbols Free Spins Awarded 3 10 4 25 5 50 The Free Spins Bonus is retriggered when 3 or more Scatter symbols appear anywhere on the reels. Number of Scatter Symbols Additional Free Spins Awarded 3 10 4 25 5 50 The bonus can be retriggered multiple times, up to a maximum of 250 free spins per bonus. Free spins are played at same coin value and same number of paylines as the triggering spin. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the coin value on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Scatter wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Wild symbol appears on reels 1, 2, and 3 only in the base game and in the Free Spins Bonus . Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except Bonus, Scatter, and Jackpot symbols. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. The theoretical return to player of this game is 96.04%. Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent, except in cases where one spin unlocks a feature for a subsequent spin or series of spins, per the game rules. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size (except the Jackpot), balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. Last modification date: 5/27/2021