Fu Gui Hao Men Glorious Fortunes 1. Overview Game specifications : Type Slots Number of reels 5 Number of rows 3 Number of ways 243 Number of coins you can bet 88 Progressive No Double feature No Auto spin feature Yes Wild symbols Yes Multiplier Symblols Yes Scatter symbols Yes (Bonus Spins Scatter; Red, Purple, Blue and Green Wilds; Silver and Gold Ingots) Bonus round Yes Bonus s pins Yes Instant win No RTP 92.04% The game disconnects if you do not take any actions for a specific number of consecutive minutes (this number varies depending on jurisdiction); the session recovery feature will save the game progress so that the next time the game is loaded, you can continue where you left off. In the event of technical difficulties resulting in a dropped connection to the game server, the game you were playing is saved automatically and will load the next time you establish a connection to the game server. You will not be able to reconnect to the game server for the first 30 seconds after the disconnection. Note : In case of malfunction all pays and play are voided; any bet that was not yet accepted will be voided, any bet that was unsettled will be refunded. 2.1. Desktop version To play, follow these steps: Click on the main screen, and then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value. Click to save the settings and return to the main screen. Note: The total BET is displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). Click to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won will be shown in the WIN field from the info bar, in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 2.2. Mobile version To play, follow these steps: Tap on the main screen, then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value. Tap to save the settings and return to the main screen. Note: The total BET is displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won will be shown in the WIN field from the info bar, in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. To toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 3. Special Symbols and Features 3.1. Wild Red Wild, Purple Wild, Blue Wild, Green Wild are wild and substitute for all symbols except Red Wild, Purple Wild, Blue Wild, Green Wild, Scatter, Gold Ingot and Silver Ingot. Wild symbol appear on reels 2, 3, and 4 only. 3.2. Scatter symbol Scatter symbol appears on reels 1, 3, and 5 only. 3.3. Highlights Watch for Gold Ingot and Silver Ingot on the reels during the base game to trigger the Glorious Ingot Bonus, which awards cash and multipliers! Each Gold Ingot on the reels appears with a value of 5 , 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 40, 50, 60, 80, 100, 150, 200, 250, 300, 400, 500, 800, 1.000 or 2.000 coins. Each Silver Ingot on the reels appears with a multiplier of x1 to x8. 3 Scatter symbol in any position on the reels awards 8 Bonus Spins. Collect Gold Ingot and Silver Ingot throughout the Bonus Spins! Red Wild, Purple Wild, Blue Wild or Green Wild on the reels after a base game spin or Bonus spin may randomly trigger the Golden Pots Bonus, for a guaranteed Cash Pot Award! One or more Cash Pot Meters appear with x2 in every Golden Pots Bonus! 3.4. Golden Pots Bonus One or more Red Wild, Purple Wild, Blue Wild or Green Wild on the reels during the base game or Bonus Spins may randomly trigger the Golden Pots Bonus. If the Golden Pots Bonus is triggered, a number of x2 symbols corresponding to the color of the triggering symbol are randomly placed on the Grand, Major, Minor, or Mini Cash Pot Meters Each Cash Pot Meter may have only one x2 symbol placed per bonus. Select a Golden Pots icon to reveal a GRAND, MAJOR, MINOR or MINI symbol. Continue selecting icons until 3 matching symbols have been revealed. Win the Cash Pot Award corresponding to the 3 matching symbols. Selections do not affect the outcome of the bonus. Only one Cash Pot can be awarded per Golden Pots Bonus. If the awarded Cash Pot contains a x2 symbol on the meter, the award is doubled. The Golden Pots Bonus ends after a Cash Pot has been awarded. 3.5. Bonus Spins 3 Scatter symbols in any position on the reels triggers the Bonus Spins, awarding 8 Bonus Spins. Bonus Spins cannot be triggered again during the bonus. The Red Ingot meter starts with the value of the bet from the triggering game. The Purple Ingot meter starts at x1. After each Bonus spin, the value of each Gold Ingot on the reels is added to the Red Ingot meter and the multiplier value of each Silver Ingot is added to the Purple Ingot meter. A total of 5 Gold Ingot, Silver Ingot may appear per Bonus spin. After all Bonus Spins have been played, the value in the Red Ingot meter is multiplied by the value in the Purple Ingot meter. Each Red Wild, Purple Wild, Blue Wild or Green Wild symbol adds a coin to the corresponding pot. An increased number of coins in a pot has no effect on game play. Only 1 color of wild symbol may appear per Bonus spin. 3.6. Glorious Ingot Bonus One or more Gold Ingot and one or more Silver Ingot in any position during the base game triggers the Glorious Ingot Bonus. If fewer than 15 Gold Ingot, Silver Ingot appear on the reels in the triggering game, Ways wins are paid and 3 respins are awarded. If respins are awarded, all symbol positions lock for the remainder of the bonus. If any combination of 15 Gold Ingot, Silver Ingot appears on the reels in the triggering game, no respins are awarded. All Gold Ingot values from the triggering spin are added to the Red Ingot meter and all Silver Ingot multiplier values from the triggering spin are added to the Purple Ingot meter. Each unlocked symbol position is a separate reel during the bonus. Only Gold Ingot and Silver Ingot symbols are available during the bonus. Any Gold Ingot or Silver Ingot that land during the bonus are added to the relevant meter and the number of respins resets to 3. If the grid is filled, any remaining respins are not played. After all respins have been played, the value in the Gold Ingot meter is multiplied by the value in the Silver Ingot meter. If the grid is filled, the bonus win is multiplied by 2x. 4.1. Desktop version The following buttons are available: Click this button to toggle the game sound on or off. Click this button to open the PAYOUTS tab, where you can view several screens: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in either credit or your real currency - to toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area. information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts, or specific awards; the game lines and basic game rules. To navigate among the various screens in the PAYOUTS tab, click on the left and right arrows at the bottom of the screen. RULES In the last of the screens from the PAYOUTS tab, click this button to view detailed game rules, in a new browser window. (in real mode only) This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Click on it to view the gameplay history, in a new browser window. This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Click on it to close the game and to open the home website, in the same browser window. (available while the reels are spinning) Click this button to stop the reels earlier. (available during winning animations) Click this button to skip the winning animations. (available only for specific jurisdictions) Click this button to activate Turbo mode. The Turbo mode speeds up the gameplay - the spin time is reduced to a minimum. 4.2. Mobile version The following buttons are available: Tap this button to toggle the game sound on or off. Tap this button to open the PAYOUTS tab, where you can view several screens: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in either credit or your real currency - to toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area. information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts, or specific awards; the game lines and basic game rules. To navigate among the various screens in the PAYOUTS tab, tap on the left and right arrows at the bottom of the screen. RULES In the last of the screens from the PAYOUTS tab, tap this button to view detailed game rules, in a new browser window. (in real mode only) This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap on it to view the gameplay history in a new browser window. This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap on it to close the game and to open the home website, in the same browser window. (available while the reels are spinning) Tap this button to stop the reels earlier. (available during winning animations) Tap this button to skip the winning animations. (available only for specific jurisdictions) Tap this button to activate Turbo mode. The Turbo mode speeds up the gameplay - the spin time is reduced to a minimum. Last modification date: 11/18/2025