Fortune Coin Welcome to Fortune Coin , where the wealth and riches of ancient Asia are waiting to be revealed. Find the elusive Fortune Coin symbol to win cash, trigger the Jackpot Bonus , or trigger the Free Spins Bonus . You may see up to 15 Coin symbols on a single spin! Keep an eye out for stacks of symbols to appear on the reels, offering more chances for even bigger wins. Boost the jackpot up to 6 times in the Jackpot Bonus to increase the jackpot values! Trigger the Free Spins Bonus when 3 or more Dragon symbols appear and watch for more stack of symbols. How to Bet Fortune Coin offers 243 ways to win for only 60 coins. Total Bet Displays the current total bet shown in currency. Press the minus button (–) to decrease the total bet. Press the plus button (+) to increase the total bet. Press TOTAL BET to open the bet selection menu. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. The theoretical return to player of this game is 94.20%. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at 243 ways and the current coin value. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. MultiWay Feature MultiWay wins pay for matching symbols in any position in adjacent columns, starting from the leftmost column. More than one matching symbol in the same column multiplies the award. The Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except the Coin and Bonus symbols. Only the highest paying win for each symbol is paid per spin. Example of a MultiWay payout: The following diagram shows a sample reel outcome using the Queen symbol. Because there is at least one Queen or Wild symbol in each of the first four columns, the player has won the 4 Queen MultiWay win which pays 10 coins per way. Payout example: 1 x 2 x 3 x 1 Queens = 6 winning ways: Column 1 Column 2 Column 3 Column 4 Column 5 Queen Wild Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen 1 Queen 2 Queens 3 Queens 1 Queen To determine the payout for this combination: Count the number of Queen and Wild symbols in each column. Calculate the total number of winning ways (1 x 2 x 3 x 1 = 6). Multiply the number of ways by the 4 Queen symbol win (6 x 10 = 60). The win is 60 coins. The actual amount won in currency is based on the coin value. Fortune Coin Feature The Fortune Coin feature is triggered when one or more Coin symbols appear anywhere on the reels. Coin symbols may award 10x, 20x, 30x, 40x, 50x, 100x, 200x, 300x, 500x, or 1000x values multiplied by the coin value, trigger the Free Spins Bonus , or trigger the Jackpot Bonus . The Fortune Coin feature is available in both the base game and the Free Spins Bonus . Jackpot Bonus Collect 3 matching symbols to win the corresponding Maxi, Major, Minor, or Mini Jackpot award. Players are guaranteed at least one jackpot, but can win all 4 jackpots if an Award All icon is revealed. Find Boost, Super Boost, and Mega Boost icons to increase the value of the jackpots. Boost Symbol Jackpot Boost Mega Boost 3x Super Boost 2x Boost 1x For example, if Super Boost icon is revealed, each jackpot increases by 2 times. If both the Boost and Mega Boost icons are revealed, each jackpot increases by 4 times. Jackpots may be increased up to a maximum of 6 times. The bonus ends after a jackpot has been awarded. Synchronised Reels Feature Each reel in Fortune Coin includes large stacks of the same symbol. Before each spin, a reel set with one of the stacked symbols is randomly selected. Any symbol may appear in any stack, except the Bonus symbol. The same symbol may appear in large stacks on multiple reels on the same spin. Free Spins Bonus The Free Spins Bonus is triggered when three or more Bonus symbols appear anywhere on the reels. Number of Bonus Symbols Free Spins Awarded 3 10 4 15 5 20 The Free Spins Bonus is retriggered when three or more Bonus symbols appear anywhere on the reels. Number of Bonus Symbols Additional Free Spins Awarded 3 10 4 15 5 20 Free spins can also be triggered or retriggered through the Fortune Coin feature. 5, 10, 15, or 20 free spins can be awarded. Multiple amounts of the above can be awarded on 1 spin in the base game and the Free Spins Bonus . For example, if two coins with 5 free spins and 15 free spins are revealed, 20 free spins are awarded. During the Free Spins Bonus , different reels are used with all minor symbols (A, K, Q, J, 10, 9) removed. The bonus can be retriggered multiple times, up to a maximum of 1000 free spins per bonus. Free spins are played at the same coin value as the triggering spin. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. MultiWay wins pay for the same symbol in any position in adjacent columns. The same symbol in the same column multiplies the MultiWay win. MultiWay wins pay left to right. Only the highest paying MultiWay win for each symbol is paid per spin. Coinciding MultiWay wins from different symbols are added. MultiWay wins are multiplied by the coin value. Wild symbol appears on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5 in the base game and the Free Spins Bonus . Coin symbol and Bonus symbol are scatters. Only the highest scatter win is paid. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Scatter wins are independent from MultiWay wins and are added to the total amount paid. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent, except in cases where one spin unlocks a feature for a subsequent spin or series of spins, per the game rules. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. Intellectual Property © 2019 IGT. All rights reserved. All other trademarks used herein are owned by IGT or its affiliates, may not be used without permission, and where indicated with a ®, are registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 9/28/2021