Fortune Coin Boost! Classic The mysteries and riches of ancient Asia await in Fortune Coin Boost Classic ! This game is a 5-reel MultiWay game with 243 ways to win. The Fortune Coin feature can award instant prizes, trigger the Jackpot Bonus , or trigger the Free Spins Bonus . The Fortune Coin Boost feature can boost the instant prizes, remove up to the 3 lowest jackpots in the Jackpot Bonus , or remove up to 3 major symbols in the Free Spins Bonus . How to Bet Fortune Coin Boost Classic offers 243 ways to win. Bet Settings Menu Press the cog to open the bet settings menu. 243 Ways Displays the current number of ways being played. Betting is fixed at 243 ways. Coin Value Displays the current coin value shown in currency. To change the bet: Select the desired total bet. On desktop devices, optionally press the minus button (–) to decrease the coin value, or press the plus button (+) to increase the coin value. Press OK to confirm and close the bet settings menu. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at 243 ways and the current coin value. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins and where available, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. MultiWay Feature With the MultiWay feature, there are 243 ways to win on every spin. MultiWay wins pay for matching symbols in any position in adjacent columns, starting from the leftmost column. More than 1 matching symbol in the same column multiplies the award. The Wild Symbol substitutes for all symbols except for the Bonus Scatter, Coin, and Coin Boost Symbols. Only the highest paying MultiWay win for each symbol is paid per spin. Example of a MultiWay payout: The following diagram shows a sample reel outcome using the Queen Symbol. Because there is at least 1 Queen or Wild Symbol in each of the first 4 columns, the player has won the 4 Queen MultiWay win which pays 10 coins per way. Payout example: 1 x 2 x 3 x 1 Queens = 6 winning ways: To determine the payout for this combination: Count the number of Queen and Wild Symbols in each column. Calculate the total number of winning ways (1 x 2 x 3 x 1 = 6). Multiply the number of ways by the 4 Queen Symbol win (6 x 10 = 60). The win is 60 coins. The actual amount won in currency is based on the coin value. Fortune Coin Feature The Fortune Coin feature is triggered when 1 or more Coin Scatter Symbols appear anywhere on the reels. Coin Symbols may award 10x, 15x, 20x, 25x, 30x, 35x, 40x, 45x, 50x, 75x, 100x, 150x, 200x, 250x, 300x, 400x, 450x, 500x, and 750x the coin value, trigger the Free Spins Bonus , or trigger the Jackpot Bonus . The Fortune Coin feature is available in the base game and the Free Spins Bonus . Fortune Coin Boost Feature The Fortune Coin Boost feature is triggered when 1 or more Coin Boost Scatter Symbols appear anywhere on the reels. Coin Boost Symbols may increase Coin Symbol values by 3x, 2x, or 1x initial cash award. Reveal Mega Cash Boost, Super Cash Boost, and Cash Boost to increase the value of the initial cash award. Coin Boost Symbol Initial Cash Award Boost Mega Cash Boost 3x Super Cash Boost 2x Cash Boost 1x For example, if Super Cash Boost is revealed, each Coin Symbol values increases by 2x initial cash award. If both Cash Boost and Mega Cash Boost are revealed, each Coin Symbol values increases by 4x initial cash award. Each Coin Symbol values may be increased by up to a maximum of 6x initial cash award. If Coin Boost Scatter Symbols reveals Bonus Boost it may remove up to 3 of the lowest jackpots in the Jackpot Bonus, or remove up to 3 major symbols from the Free Spins Bonus. The Fortune Coin Boost feature is available in the base game and the Free Spins Bonus. Jackpot Bonus The Jackpot Bonus is triggered when a Coin Symbol reveals the Jackpot icon during the Fortune Coin feature or Fortune Coin Boost feature. Collect 3 matching symbols to win the corresponding Grand, Maxi, Major, Minor, or Mini Jackpot award. Players are guaranteed 1 jackpot. Find Boost, Super Boost, and Mega Boost icons to increase the value of the jackpots. If the Remove Level Boost icon is revealed, the lowest available jackpot is removed for the remainder of the bonus. Remove Level is added if boosts were awarded when the bonus was triggered. Boost Symbol Jackpot Boost Mega Boost 3x Super Boost 2x Boost 1x For example, if Super Boost icon is revealed, each jackpot increases by 2x the reset value. If both the Boost and Mega Boost icons are revealed, each jackpot increases by 4x the reset value. Jackpots may be increased by up to a maximum of 6x the reset value. The bonus ends after a jackpot has been awarded. The Jackpot Bonus cannot be retriggered. Symbol Replacement Feature Each reel in Fortune Coin Boost Classic includes large stacks of the same symbol. Before each spin, a reel set with 1 of the stacked symbols is randomly selected. Any symbol may appear in any stack, except the Bonus symbol. The same symbol may appear in large stacks on multiple reels on the same spin. Free Spins Bonus The Free Spins Bonus is triggered when 3 or more Bonus Scatter Symbols appear anywhere on the reels. Number of Bonus Symbols Free Spins Awarded 3 10 4 15 5 20 The Free Spins Bonus is retriggered when 3 or more Bonus Scatter Symbols appear anywhere on the reels. Number of Bonus Symbols Additional Free Spins Awarded 3 10 4 15 5 20 Free spins can also be triggered through the Fortune Coin feature and the Fortune Coin Boost feature. 5, 10, 15, or 20 free spins can be awarded. If triggered in the Fortune Coin or Fortune Coin Boost features, each Coin Symbol that reveals a number of free spins is awarded. For example, if 2 Coin Symbols, 1 with 5 free spins and 1 with 15 free spins are revealed, 20 free spins are awarded. Free spins can also be retriggered through the Fortune Coin feature when no Coin Boost Symbols appear on the reels. During the Free Spins Bonus , different reels are used with the following symbols removed: A, K, Q, J, 10, 9. The Free Spins Bonus can be triggered with 1, 2, or 3 boosts that remove 1, 2, or 3 of the lowest major symbols. The bonus can be retriggered multiple times, up to a maximum of 1000 free spins per bonus. Free spins are played at same coin value as the triggering spin. Options All Sound Toggle game sounds on or off. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. MultiWay wins pay for the same symbol in any position in adjacent columns. Same symbol in same column multiplies win. MultiWay wins pay left to right. Only the highest paying MultiWay win for each symbol is paid per spin. Coinciding MultiWay wins from different symbols are added. MultiWay wins are multiplied by the coin value. Wild Symbol appears on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5 in the base game and the Free Spins Bonus . Wild Symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols except Bonus Scatter, Coin, and Coin Boost Symbols in the base game and the Free Spins Bonus . Only the highest scatter win is paid. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Scatter wins are independent from MultiWay wins and are also added to the total amount paid. Bonus wins are independent from MultiWay wins and are added to the total amount paid. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there may be an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. RTP-95% Last modification date: 11/22/2022