Family Guy Giggity giggity goo! Now you can pay a visit to Quahog and get cozy with the Griffins and their friends! A member of the Griffin family (not Meg don't worry) might arrive to increase your chance of wins, ramp up the chance to go to the World Bonus, or just fart out a win. If all this wasn't enough you can join Stewie in his plans for world domination before heading into one of three freakin' sweet bonuses. Did we mention you can enjoy all this now sans pants? Hell. We don't care how you roll, you can be completely freakin' nude. Who are we to judge? How To Bet Auto Spin Feature Griffin Family Mystery Features World Bonus Drunken Clam Bonus Chicken Fight Bonus Lois' Hot Free Spins Bonus Options Rules Additional Informatio n How To Bet Family Guy™ features 30 paylines for 50 coins. 30 Lines + Feature Displays the current number of coins being played. Betting is fixed at 30 paylines which costs 50 coins. Coin Value Displays the current coin value shown in currency. Press the left arrow (–) to decrease the coin value. Press the right arrow (+) to increase the coin value. Spin Button Press to submit the bet and spin the reels. [ top ] Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current coin value. Select the desired line bet, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many games to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of games until the STOP button is pressed or until the balance is insufficient to spin again. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. [ top ] Griffin Family Mystery Features A Griffin Family Mystery Feature can be triggered on any spin that a Bonus symbol does not appear on reel 2. Griffin Family Mystery Feature wins are awarded in addition to any line wins in the base game. Peter's Feature Awards an amount equal to the triggering coin value multiplied by a random value. Stewie's Feature Chooses between 1 to 5 reels and then transforms up to 3 positions on each of those selected reels into wilds. Lois' Feature Chooses up to 3 Griffin family member symbols and selects win values for each. When the reels stop spinning, each instance of the selected symbol(s) appearing on the reels pay in additional to any line wins. Brian's Featu Allows the trigger of the World Bonus when at least 1 Bonus symbol appears on the reels. [ top ] World Bonus The World Bonus can be triggered by either 3 Bonus symbols in any position on reels 2, 3, and 4, or by Brian's Feature triggering with 1 or more Bonus symbols, in the base game. After triggering the bonus, spin the globe to determine whether the Drunken Clam Bonus, Chicken Fight Bonus, or Lois' Hot Free Spins Bonus is awarded. [ top ] Drunken Clam Bonus Choose one of the 4 characters. Each round select one of the taps to pour drinks. The selected tap reveals an award value and then the characters drink. After each round, there is a chance one of the characters will pass out. When any character other than the selected one passes out, the multiplier meter increases. If the selected character passes out, the bonus ends. After round 10, a character passes out every round. The bonus ends after the selected character passes out or all the other characters have passed out. An amount equal to the sum of selected taps times the multiplier times the triggering coin value is awarded. [ top ] Chicken Fight Bonus Start the Chicken Fight Bonus by selecting a favorite fighter: Peter Griffin or The Giant Chicken. Over the course of three rounds, the pair duke it out with a winner being declared after each round. If the chosen fighter wins a round, then between 4 and 7 picks are awarded; otherwise, 1 to 3 picks are awarded. Pick a number of money bags equal to the number of picks awarded. The opponent then selects their own bags, removing them from play. For every round that the selected fighter wins, the multiplier meter increases. After three rounds, a fighter is declared the winner and an amount equal to the sum of money bags picked times the multiplier times the triggering coin value is awarded. [ top ] Lois' Hot Free Spins Bonus Start Lois' Hot Free Spins Bonus with 10 free spins and enjoy the richer reels. Get 1 Giggity Retriggity scatter symbol anywhere on the middle reel to award an additional 5 free spins. This symbol is found on reel 3 only. The bonus can be retriggered multiple times, up to a maximum of 30 spins. The heart-shaped Peter symbol is wild in the bonus. Every time one appears on the fifth reel, it is saved in a special on-screen accumulator. Collect 3 Hearts total and all Purple Lois symbols become wild on reels 2 through 5 for that spin and all subsequent spins in the bonus. Furthermore, every additional 3 Hearts upgrades an additional symbol: 3 Hearts: Purple Lois is wild on reels 2 through 5 6 Hearts: Blue Lois is also wild on reels 2 through 5 9 Hearts: Green Lois is also wild on reels 2 through 5 12 Hearts: Yellow Lois is also wild on reels 2 through 5 After 12 Hearts have been collected, no more Hearts can be collected, but the heart-shaped Peter symbol remains wild. Once the bonus ends, all Heart accumulators are emptied. Free spins are played at the same coin value and same number of lines as the triggering spin. [ top ] Options Graphics Quality Adjust the quality of the graphics for optimal game performance. BEST mode - Graphics look best, but performance may suffer. HIGH mode (default) - Balanced graphics and performance setting. MEDIUM mode - Lower quality graphics but increased performance. LOW mode - Minimal graphics, but smoothest animation performance is achieved even on slower computers. [ top ] Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the coin value. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Only the highest win is paid. Bonus symbols appear on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the World Bonus, plus the base game outcome which launched the bonus. [ top ] Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. The theoretical return to player of this game is 92.50% Intellectual Property Family Guy™ & © 2015 Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation. All Rights Reserved. All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of IGT and/or its licensors in the U.S. and/or other countries. © 2015 IGT. All rights reserved. Last modification date: 12/22/2021