Grand Monarch Grand Monarch™ Introduction How To Bet Auto Spin Feature Free Spins Bonus Options Rules Additional Information Introduction Grand Monarch ™ is the smash-hit game found in land-based Casinos worldwide. Grand Monarch ™ offers the bountiful Stacked Wilds™ feature, super-rich Free Spins and huge award opportunities in the Wolf Run™ tradition. Grand Monarch ™ then takes your gaming to even new heights with extra paylines, bigger pays and greater award potential. How To Bet Grand Monarch ™ features 50 paylines. You can choose how much to bet per line. You can also use Auto Spin to play the game for you. LINE BET Displays current bet per line shown in currency. Click the left arrow (with a minus sign) to decrease bet per line. Click the right arrow (with a plus sign) to increase bet per line. Clicking the left and right arrows does not necessarily decrease or increase your line bet in a linear fashion. Rather, your line bet decreases or increases at preset increments which represent the most popular bet amounts. LINES Displays current number of paylines selected. Click the left arrow (with a minus sign) to decrease the number of paylines played. Click the right arrow (with a plus sign) to increase number of paylines played. Choose between 1, 5, 10, 20, 30, 40, or 50 paylines. SPIN Click to spin the reels and submit your bet. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of games at the current number of lines and line bet. Once you have selected your desired number of lines and line bet, click AUTO SPIN and choose how many games you want to play. Auto Spin will keep playing the specified number of games until you click the STOP button, you trigger a Bonus, or your balance is insufficient to spin again. Free Spins Bonus You can trigger the Free Spins Bonus by getting three Bonus symbols anywhere on the centre reels. Upon triggering the Free Spins Bonus, you receive 5 free spins. The reels used in the Free Spins Bonus are much richer, having more of the Stacked Wilds™ feature than the base game reels. During the Free Spins Bonus, you can retrigger the Bonus by getting three Bonus symbols anywhere on the centre three reels. You can retrigger the Bonus multiple times, up to a maximum of 255 free spins per Bonus. Your bet per line in the Bonus is equal to the bet per line on the reel spin that triggered the Bonus. Options Adjust the quality of the graphics to get the optimal animation performance. BEST mode - Graphics look best, but performance may suffer. HIGH mode (default) - Optimal graphics and performance setting. MEDIUM mode - Lower quality but increased performance. LOW mode - Degraded graphics, but smoothest animation performance is achieved even on slower computers. Rules Malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. Only highest winner paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the line bet on the winning line. Only highest scatter pay award paid. Scatter pays are multiplied by the total bet. Coinciding wins on different paylines are added. Scatter awards are independent from payline awards and are also added to the total amount paid. Awards are shown in currency. Regardless of your bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the Free Spins Bonus plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the Bonus, the Bonus ends immediately irrespective of any remaining free spins. Additional Information The Controls Bar on the bottom of the game screen displays the current balance in the chosen currency, the amount paid if a win occurs, and the amount bet on the last/current proposition. The theoretical return to player of this game is equal to 94.97%. All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of IGT and/or its licensors in the U.S. and/or other countries. Copyright © 2011 IGT. All rights reserved. Last modification date: 12/22/2021