Goldify You’ve got the Midas touch! Use your kingly command to turn your favourite symbols to gold and multiply your wins in Goldify ! Goldified symbols nobly increase your wins to 5x their normal value! Trigger the Free Spins Bonus and turn more symbols to gold for even more royal wins! How To Bet Auto Spin Feature Goldify Feature Free Spins Bonus Options Rules Additional Information How To Bet Goldify features up to 40 paylines. LINE BET Displays the current bet per line shown in currency. Press the left arrow (–) to decrease the bet per line. Press the right arrow (+) to increase the bet per line. LINES Displays the current number of paylines selected. Press the left arrow (–) to decrease the number of paylines played. Press the right arrow (+) to increase the number of paylines played. SPIN Press to submit the bet and spin the reels. [ top ] Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current line bet. Select the desired bet, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until the STOP button is pressed, a bonus is triggered, or the balance is insufficient to spin again. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. [ top ] Goldify Feature The Goldify Feature allows the player to choose the volatility of the game. The player clicks on 1 of 8 symbols (Midas' Daughter, Pegasus, Helmet, Harp, Ring, Amphora, Column, or Apple) on the reels in the base game. The player then clicks the Goldify button at the bottom-right of the screen to open a menu and choose a symbol to be Goldified. All prizes for Goldified symbols are multiplied by 5x. The choice of a Goldified symbol does not affect the expected payback. [ top ] Free Spins Bonus The Free Spins Bonus is triggered by three, four or five scattered Bonus symbols appearing anywhere on the reels. The amount of free spins is described in the following table: Number of Bonus Symbols Free Spins Awarded Goldified Symbols Awarded 3 15 3 4 50 4 5 100 5 The bonus can be retriggered when three, four or five scattered Bonus symbols appear anywhere on the reels. The amount of additional spins is determined by the same table above. Each time you retrigger the Free Spins Bonus you get to choose the symbols that will be Goldified for the additional Free Spins Bonus round. The bonus can be retriggered multiple times. Any free spin triggers that occur after the 500th spin will not be awarded. Different reels are used during the free spins. Free spins are played at the same line bet as the triggering spin. [ top ] Options Graphics Quality Adjust the quality of the graphics for an optimal game performance. BEST mode - Graphics look best, but performance may suffer. HIGH mode (default) - Balanced graphics and performance setting. MEDIUM mode - Lower quality graphics but increased performance. LOW mode - Minimal graphics, but smoothest animation performance is achieved even on slower computers. [ top ] Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the line bet on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Bonus scatter symbol appears on all reels. Wild symbol appears on all reels. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the Free Spins Bonus , plus the base game outcome which launched the bonus. [ top ] Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. Intellectual Property All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of IGT in the U.S. and/or other countries. © 2016 IGT. All rights reserved. [ top ] Last modification date: 12/22/2021