Gong Xi Fa Cai Good fortune awaits in Gong Xi Fa Cai . Any time multiplier symbols appear in the base game, the God of Fortune may grant you the Lucky Fortune Progressive Picker where red envelopes always bestow a progressive jackpot! Wealth abounds in the Free Spins Bonus , with higher symbol pays and no low paying symbols! Treasure the journey. How To Bet Auto Spin Feature Multiplier Feature Dynamic Symbol Replacement Feature Free Spins Bonus Lucky Fortune Progressive Picker Rules Additional Information How To Bet Gong Xi Fa Cai features 50 paylines. LINES Displays the current number of paylines selected. Betting is fixed at 50 paylines which costs 75 coins. COIN VALUE Displays the current coin value shown in currency. Press the left arrow (–) to decrease the coin value. Press the right arrow (+) to increase the coin value. SPIN Press to submit the bet and spin the reels. [ top ] Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current coin value and number of paylines selected. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until the STOP button is pressed, the Free Spins Bonus is triggered, the Lucky Fortune Progressive Picker is triggered, or the balance is insufficient to spin again. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. [ top ] Multiplier Feature A multiplier sub-symbol may only appear on select symbols (Dragon, Phoenix, Fish, or Lion) on the first reel. If a symbol containing a multiplier sub-symbol of 2x, 3x, or 5x appears in a line win, that win is multiplied by 2x, 3x, or 5x respectively. [ top ] Dynamic Symbol Replacement Feature In the base game, reels 2, 3, 4, and 5 contain dynamic symbols that transform into a Dragon, Phoenix, Fish, or Lion symbol. Before each spin, a symbol is randomly selected to fill every reel’s dynamic symbol positions. All dynamic symbols on those reels transform into the same randomly selected symbol. [ top ] Free Spins Bonus The Free Spins Bonus is triggered when three Bonus scatter symbols appear anywhere on the reels. Bonus symbols appear on reels 1, 3, and 5 only. Triggering the Free Spins Bonus awards 8 free spins. The reels in the Free Spins Bonus are richer than the base game reels as they contain no Ace, King, Queen, Jack or Ten symbols, leaving only the most valuable symbols on the reels. The Free Spins Bonus is retriggered when three Bonus scatter symbols appear anywhere on the reels. The bonus can be retriggered multiple times, up to a maximum of 88 free spins per bonus. Reels used in the Free Spins Bonus are different from the reels used in the base game. Free spins are played automatically at the same coin value and on the same paylines as the triggering spin. [ top ] Lucky Fortune Progressive Picker The Lucky Fortune Progressive Picker may be triggered after the reel spin of any played base game that contains one or more multipliers. Select a red envelope to collect a Red, Blue, Green, or Purple Gem. Continue selecting red envelopes until 3 matching gems have been collected. Win the Lucky Fortune Progressive corresponding to the 3 matching gems. Progressive Gem Colour Maxi Red Major Blue Minor Green Mini Purple The Maxi and Major jackpots are shared progressive jackpots. The growth of each is funded by a fixed percentage of each bet placed by all players playing for that jackpot. The odds of winning each of the shared jackpots are proportional to the amount wagered. For example, a player playing at a 0.20 coin value has twice the chance of winning the Maxi Jackpot and twice the chance of winning the Major Jackpot as a player playing at a 0.10 coin value in the same currency. The expected return to player is the same for both players. Therefore, the game is completely fair, offering the same odds per amount bet per currency. The Minor Jackpot and the Mini Jackpot are personal jackpots and only winnable by the player. The base amount of these jackpots is multiplied by the coin value. The contributions to these jackpots are funded by a fixed percentage of the player’s bet. [ top ] Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the coin value. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Bonus scatter symbols appear on reels 1, 3, and 5 only. Wins are shown in currency. The amount paid for the Maxi and Major jackpots is approximately the amount seen on the jackpot meters when the win occurs. Potentially, the awarded jackpot could be somewhat higher because of display delays. The jackpot paid may also be higher due to meter smoothing, when some meter growth from peak times may be spread across slower periods. In an exceptionally rare case, the award value could be the jackpot seed amount if your jackpot winning outcome occurred just after another player's jackpot win but before the jackpot meter was able to reset due to this earlier winner. The casino may deactivate this game at any time. In the event that the casino decides to terminate the game, or the game becomes permanently unavailable due to unforeseeable circumstances, the casino holds any funds shown in the jackpot meter. The Maxi and Major jackpots represent increasing awards where the growth is funded by a fixed percentage of each bet placed by all players playing for those jackpots. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the Free Spins Bonus , plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. [ top ] Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent except in cases where one spin unlocks a feature for a subsequent spin or series of spins, per the game rules. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size (except for the jackpots), balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. Intellectual Property All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of IGT in the U.S. and/or other countries. © 2017 IGT. All rights reserved. [ top ] Last modification date: 5/16/2018