Ghostbusters Plus Always wanted to be a member of the Ghostbusters? Now you can by playing Ghostbusters Plus! Trigger Ghost Battles and zap ghosts to earn Ghost Wilds that queue up for future spins and thrilling wins! Level up by trapping ghosts and unlocking new Equipment Features to help obtain those supernatural payouts. Every new level unlocks new ghosts that can drop improved Ghost Wilds that award even greater riches. Paranormal excitement awaits in the Zuul Free Spins Bonus , featuring Ghost Wilds on every spin for hair-raising rewards. How to Bet Ghostbusters Plus features 20 paylines for 25 coins. Bet Configuration Menu (mobile/tablet) Press the arrow to open the bet configuration menu. Press the check mark to confirm and close the bet configuration menu. Betting is fixed at 20 paylines, which costs 25 coins. Coin Value Displays the current coin value shown in currency. Total Bet Displays the current total bet shown in currency. Press the minus button (–) to decrease the total bet. Press the plus button (+) to increase the total bet. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. RTP is 96.50% Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current coin value and number of paylines selected. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Ghost Battle Feature The Ghost Battle is triggered when a Ghost Symbol lands on the centre reel. Once triggered, tap the ghost on the reels to zap it. Each ghost takes up to three zaps before it retreats. Each zap drops a Ghost Wild into the Ghost Queue . Any ghost that reaches zero health becomes captures and the player levels up as described in the LevelUp Plus section. Ghost Queue The Ghost Queue holds the Ghost Wilds that dropped during the Ghost Battle . Each spin after the Ghost Battle is completed, the leftmost Ghost Wild in the queue is awarded and removed from the queue. The Ghost Queue can hold up to 20 Ghost Wilds . No new Ghost Wilds are dropped when the Ghost Queue is full. Ghost Wilds Ghost Wilds are dropped into the Ghost Queue during the Ghost Battle . They are then triggered next spin after the Ghost Battle . There are three types of Ghost Wilds : Multiplier Ghost Wilds , Expanding Ghost Wilds and Extra Ghost Wilds . Each type has four variants, however only the first three variants are available in the base game and all four variants are available in the Zuul Free Spins Bonus . Unlock Ghost Wilds types by leveling up. Only Multiplier Ghost Wilds are available starting at level 1. See Level Up Plus feature for details. All Ghost Wilds types are available in the Zuul Free Spins Bonus starting at Level 1. All Ghost Wilds awarded are placed to guarantee the maximum win possible on the reel outcome. If there are three Bonus symbols on the reel and a wild is placed on any of them the Zuul Free Spins Bonus will still trigger. If there is a Ghost symbol on the reel and a wild is placed on it the Ghost Battle feature will still trigger. Expanding Ghost Wilds may expand over Wild symbols already displayed on the reels. Multiplier Ghost Wilds Description 3x A Ghost Wild is placed for the maximum possible win and then all payline wins containing this wild are multiplied by 3. 5x A Ghost Wild is placed for the maximum possible win and then all payline wins containing this wild are multiplied by 5. 10x A Ghost Wild is placed for the maximum possible win and then all payline wins containing this wild are multiplied by 10. 25x A Ghost Wild is placed for the maximum possible win and then all payline wins containing this wild are multiplied by 25. Available in the Zuul Free Spins Bonus only. Expanding Ghost Wilds Description Horizontal A Ghost Wild is placed for the maximum possible win before expansion and then the wild expands to the horizontally adjacent positions. X A Ghost Wild is placed for the maximum possible win before expansion and then the wild expands to the diagonally adjacent positions. Cross A Ghost Wild is placed for the maximum possible win before expansion and then the wild expands to the adjacent cardinal positions. Jumbo A Ghost Wild is placed for the maximum possible win before expansion and then the wild expands to all adjacent position. Available in the Zuul Free Spins Bonus only. Extra Ghost Wilds Description +2 Each Ghost Wild is placed for the maximum possible win, one after the other. +3 Each Ghost Wild is placed for the maximum possible win, one after the other. +4 Each Ghost Wild is placed for the maximum possible win, one after the other. +5 Each Ghost Wild is placed for the maximum possible win, one after the other. Appears in the Zuul Free Spins Bonus only. Equipment Feature Equipment Features may trigger randomly after any base game spin. At level 1, only the Proton Pack is unlocked. Other types of equipment are unlocked per the LevelUp Plus feature. Equipment Features always trigger before any Ghost Wilds are triggered. Equipment Description Proton Pack Turns every instance of a chosen set of 2 to 4 royal symbols (J, Q, K, A) to the most numerous character symbol. If there is a tie, the lowest-valued character symbol is selected. Ghost Sniffer Reveals one hidden Ghost Symbol triggering a Ghost Battle feature. PKE Meter Turns every instance of a chosen set of 1 to 4 royal symbols (J, Q, K, A) wild. Ecto Goggles Reveals one Bonus symbol when two Bonus symbols are on the reels to trigger the Zuul Free Spins Bonus . Psychogram Helmet Reveals two Bonus symbols when one Bonus symbol is on the reels to trigger the Zuul Free Spins Bonus . Tobin's Spirit Guide Activate this feature by reaching the top level, Level 10. Once Tobin's Spirit Guide is unlocked, use the Level Up screen to choose the ghost that appears during the Ghost Battle feature. LevelUp Plus Feature Permanently increase the payback of the game and unlock new game features with the Level Up Plus feature. Capture ghosts in Ghost Battles to level up. The current ghost's health bar is displayed at the top left of the base game screen, below the ghost's portrait. The current level is also displayed below the remaining health. Every time a ghost is defeated it loses health. Capture the ghost when its health is completely depleted. Check your progress by pressing the question mark (?) button to review the LevelUp screen. Level progress is saved between the player's sessions. Level Feature Unlocked Permanent Payback Boost 1 Multiplier Ghost Wilds : 3x, 5x, 10x Equipment Feature : Proton Pack X 2 Equipment Feature : Ghost Sniffer ✓ 3 Expanding Ghost Wild: Horizontal, X ✓ 4 Equipment Feature : PKE Meter ✓ 5 Extra Ghost Wilds : +2, +3 ✓ 6 Equipment Feature : Ecto Goggles ✓ 7 Wild Ghost Expansion : Cross ✓ 8 Equipment Feature : Psychogram Helmet ✓ 9 Extra Ghost Wilds : +4 ✓ 10 Tobin's Spirit Guide X Zuul Free Spins Bonus The Zuul Battle is triggered when 3 Bonus scatter symbols appear anywhere on reels 1, 3, and 5 in the base game. Zap Zuul five times to start the Zuul Free Spins Bonus . Each time Zuul is zapped, he awards a free spin and a Ghost Wild for use in the Zuul Free Spins Bonus for a total of five spins and five Ghost Wilds . The Zuul Battle is retriggered when 3 Bonus scatter symbols appear anywhere on reels 1, 3, and 5 in the Zuul Free Spins Bonus . Retriggering the Zuul Free Spins Bonus starts a new Zuul Battle where Zuul is tapped two times and two more spins with a new Ghost Wild for each spin are awarded. The bonus can be retriggered multiple times, up to a maximum of 25 free spins per bonus. Reels used in the Zuul Free Spins Bonus are different from the reels used in the base game. All Ghost Wilds are unlocked during the bonus, along with three bonus only variants: Ghost Wild Type Bonus Only Variant Multiplier Ghost Wild 25x Expanding Ghost Wild Jumbo Extra Ghost Wilds +5 Free spins are played at same coin value and same number of paylines as the triggering spin. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far-left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the coin value on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Bonus symbols appear on reels 1, 3, and 5 only in the base game and in the Zuul Free Spins Bonus . Ghost symbols appear only on reel 3 in the base game. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent, except in cases where one spin unlocks a feature for a subsequent spin or series of spins, per the game rules. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. Intellectual Property TM & © 2019 Columbia Pictures. All Rights Reserved. “GHOSTBUSTERS” WRITTEN AND PERFORMED BY RAY PARKER JR. COURTESY OF COLUMBIA PICTURES INDUSTRIES, INC. AND ARISTA RECORDS, INC. UNDER LICENSE FROM SONY PICTURES MUSIC GROUP © 2019 IGT. All rights reserved. All other trademarks used herein are owned by IGT or its affiliates, may not be used without permission, and where indicated with a ®, are registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. Last updated 29 May 2019 The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/5/2020