Great Aztec Extra Gold Megaways Great Aztec Extra Gold™ Megaways™ 1. Overview The goal is to obtain a winning combination on a winning way spread across the reels. Game specifications : Type Slots Number of reels 6 Number of rows 3-7 Number of ways Up to 117,649 Megaways Number of coins you can bet 20 (cannot be changed) Progressive No Double feature No Auto spin feature Yes Wild symbols Yes Multiplier symbols Yes Scatter symbols Yes, Sun Disc Scatters Bonus round Yes (Great Aztec Cash Respins) Free spins No Instant win No RTP Standard Play: 95.98% Extra Gold side bet: 96.48% Aztec Bet 100 x total bet: 96.73% Aztec Bet 150 x total bet: 96.94% The game disconnects if you do not take any actions for a specific number of consecutive minutes (this number varies depending on jurisdiction); the session recovery feature will save the game progress so that the next time the game is loaded, you can continue where you left off. In the event of technical difficulties resulting in a dropped connection to the game server, the game you were playing is saved automatically and will load the next time you establish a connection to the game server. You will not be able to reconnect to the game server for the first 30 seconds after the disconnection. Note : In case of malfunction all pays and play are voided; any bet that was not yet accepted will be voided, any bet that was unsettled will be refunded. 2. How to Play Note: If you do not have enough money to play a game, the bet can be set to the minimum selectable amount through a dialog window informing about this. All winning ways pay from left to right, beginning with the far-left reel. All way win symbols must appear on consecutive reels. Wins on different ways are all added. Only the highest winning combination on each way is paid. On the info bar, you can view the current BET, your BALANCE and your current WIN, displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 2.1. Desktop version To play, follow these steps: Click on the main screen, and then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value. Click to save the settings and return to the main screen. Note: The total BET is displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). Click to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won will be shown in the WIN field from the info bar, in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 2.2. Mobile version To play, follow these steps: Tap on the main screen, then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value. Tap to save the settings and return to the main screen. Note: The total BET is displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won will be shown in the WIN field from the info bar, in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. To toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 3. Special Symbols and Features 3.1. Megaways Megaways under license from Big Time Gaming. Each spin can have up to 117,649 ways to win. Wins are awarded for left to right adjacent symbols, starting on reel 1, regardless of size. 3.2. Cascading Wins Symbols spin into position to form a number of Megaways. Any win in view will start a Cascade. Symbols in winning combinations will explode and new symbols will drop into position. Cascades will continue until no new wins are formed. Note: Sun Disc Scatters cannot be broken and will remain on screen until no more wins are formed. 3.3. Wild The Wild symbol can replace any other symbols, except Sun Disc Scatters, to form winning ways. Wild symbols can only be found on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. 3.4. Mystery symbols Mystery symbols are available on all reels and transform into any symbol excluding Wild or Scatter. 3.5. Great Aztec Cash Respins 5 or more Sun Disc Scatters anywhere on the reels will trigger the Great Aztec Cash Respins – 3 initial respins are awarded and these are played on a special set of reels where only Sun Disc Scatters can appear. The respins start with the initial Sun Disc Scatters remaining in place and the number of Megaways locked at the triggering amount for the duration of the feature. During Great Aztec Cash Respins, whenever at least one new Sun Disc Scatter lands on the reels, the number of respins is reset to 3. All Sun Disc Scatters that land during the respins will remain in place until the feature ends. If any Mini, Major or Mega Sun Disc Scatters land in view, the amount shown in the relevant top panel above the respins reels is awarded, the same as with any other Sun Disc Scatter. In addition, if an entire reel is filled with Sun Disc Scatters, the relevant multiplier (equal to the number of spaces on the reel and displayed above the reel) is awarded and all Sun Disc Scatters on that reel are multiplied when the winnings are paid. The Great Aztec Cash Respins end when no additional Sun Disc Scatters appear on the special set of reels or when all the positions on the special set of reels are filled. At the end of the respins feature, the sum of the values from each Sun Disc Scatter in view is added to your balance. Note: The values displayed on Sun Disc Scatters are x Total Bet. During Great Aztec Cash Respins you cannot change the bet. 3.6. Aztec Bet Play the Aztec Bet to activate the Great Aztec Cash Respins . Buy the Bonus for 100x or 150x total bet. The 100x Bonus will activate the standard Great Aztec Cash Respins . The 150x Bonus will activate the Max Megaways Great Aztec Cash Respins . Note: Aztec Bet is operator specific. 3.7. Extra Gold Turn on Extra Gold for increased Bonus chance, and trigger Great Aztec Cash Respins from only 4 scatters instead of 5. Extra Gold side bet will add 25% to the cost of each spin. Note: Extra Gold is operator specific. 3.8. Montezuma On any spin the Montezuma head can appear. This will active either the Great Aztec Cash Respins or a Big Win outcome. 3.9. Max Megaways During any paid spin the Max Megaways modifier can be triggered. This will happen randomly with a unique background animation and the modifier title appearing, causing the reels to land the maximum amount of Megaways available (117,649). 3.10. Sun Discs Boost During any paid spin the Sun Discs Boost can be triggered. This will happen randomly with a unique background animation and the modifier title appearing for a chance of triggering the Great Aztec Cash Respins . Sun Disc values will be multiplied by Total Bet. Note : A Great Aztec Cash Respins trigger is not guaranteed with the Sun Discs Boost modifier. RespinsLeft= Great Aztec Cash Respins remaining RespinsUsed= Great Aztec Cash Respins played Initial Symbols= Initial symbols Scatter Values= Scatter Value Mystery Symbols= Mystery Simbols Side_Bet= Extra Gold side bet Mystery_Symbol_Swap_ID= Symbol transformed Gain_Line= Winning Line index 4. Other game buttons 4.1. Desktop version The following buttons are available: Click this button to toggle the game sound on or off. Click this button to open the PAYOUTS tab, where you can view several screens: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in either credit or your real currency - to toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area. information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts, or specific awards; basic game rules. To navigate among the various screens in the PAYOUTS tab, click on the left and right arrows at the bottom of the screen. RULES In the last of the screens from the PAYOUTS tab, click this button to view detailed game rules, in a new browser window. (in real mode only) This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Click on it to view the gameplay history, in a new browser window. This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Click on it to close the game and to open the home website, in the same browser window. (available while the reels are spinning)(available only for specific jurisdictions) Click this button to stop the reels earlier. (available during winning animations) Click this button to skip the winning animations. (available only for specific jurisdictions) Click this button to activate Turbo mode. The Turbo mode speeds up the gameplay - the spin time is reduced to a minimum. 4.2. Mobile version The following buttons are available: Tap this button to toggle the game sound on or off. Tap this button to open the PAYOUTS tab, where you can view several screens: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in either credit or your real currency - to toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area. information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts, or specific awards; basic game rules. To navigate among the various screens in the PAYOUTS tab, tap on the left and right arrows at the bottom of the screen. RULES In the last of the screens from the PAYOUTS tab, tap this button to view detailed game rules, in a new browser window. (in real mode only) This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap on it to view the gameplay history in a new browser window. This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap on it to close the game and to open the home website, in the same browser window. (available while the reels are spinning)(available only for specific jurisdictions) Tap this button to stop the reels earlier. (available during winning animations) Tap this button to skip the winning animations. (available only for specific jurisdictions) Tap this button to activate Turbo mode. The Turbo mode speeds up the gameplay - the spin time is reduced to a minimum. index 5. Auto spin feature The loss limit setting allows stopping the auto spin feature automatically when the selected limit, plus your cumulative winnings, and minus your cumulative bets, is less than 0. 5.1. Desktop version Click the AUTO SPIN button to open the AUTO SPIN settings window where you can set up the following: Number of auto spins : click + or - to select the number of auto spins to play. Loss limit : click + or - to select the value of the loss limit; Stop if a win reaches : click + or - to select the value of the maximum win; Stop if JACKPOT is won (only for games with Progressive Jackpots): to enable this setting, tick the checkbox ; to disable it, remove the tick. Click the ACTIVATE button to close the AUTO SPIN settings window and to start the auto spin feature with the currently selected bet and auto spin setup. Click the CLOSE button to close the window without starting the auto spin feature. Click the STOP AUTO SPIN button to stop the auto spin feature at any time. 5.2. Mobile version Tap the AUTO SPIN button to open the AUTO SPIN settings window where you can set up the following: Number of auto spins : tap + or - to select the number of auto spins to play. Loss limit : tap + or - to select the value of the loss limit; Stop if a win reaches : tap + or - to select the value of the maximum win; Stop if JACKPOT is won (only for games with Progressive Jackpots): to enable this setting, tick the checkbox ; to disable it, remove the tick. Tap the ACTIVATE button to close the SPIN settings window and to start the auto spin feature with the currently selected bet and auto spin setup. Tap the CLOSE button to close the window without starting the auto spin feature. Tap the STOP AUTO SPIN button to stop the auto spin feature at any time.