Golden Goddess The Super Stacks feature creates huge stacks of symbols for giant wins! Choose your symbol in the bonus picker for the Super Stacks in the Free Spins Bonus for even more wins! How To Bet Golden Goddess features 40 paylines. Bet Configuration Menu (mobile/tablet/mini games) Press the arrow to open the bet configuration menu. Press the check mark to confirm and close the bet configuration menu. Lines Displays the current number of paylines. Betting is fixed at 40 paylines. Line Bet Displays current bet per line shown in currency. Press the left arrow (-) to decrease the line bet. Press the right arrow (+) to increase the line bet. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current line bet. For UK jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin again or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Super Stacks Feature Each reel in Golden Goddess includes large stacks of the same symbol. Before each spin, a symbol is randomly selected to fill each reel’s stacks. Any symbol may appear in any stack, except the Bonus scatter symbol which may appear on reels 2, 3, and 4 in the base game only. The same symbol may appear in large stacks on multiple reels on the same spin. When the same symbol appears in the stacks on adjacent reels, the potential for big wins increases. Free Spins Bonus Nine Bonus scatter symbols on the centre three reels trigger the on-screen bonus picker. Bonus symbols are only found on reels 2, 3, and 4. Choose a Bonus symbol to reveal a Goddess, Man, Horse, or Dove symbol. The revealed symbol becomes the Super Stacks symbol found on all reels for all spins in the Free Spins Bonus . Triggering the Free Spins Bonus awards seven free spins. The bonus cannot be retriggered because no Bonus symbols appear on the reels during the Free Spins Bonus . Free spins are played at the same line bet and same number of lines as the triggering spin. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the line bet on the winning line. Coinciding wins on different paylines are added. Wins are shown in currency. Bonus symbols appear in stacks on reels 2, 3, and 4 in the base game only. Bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the Free Spins Bonus , plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in a bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent, except in cases where one spin unlocks a feature for a subsequent spin or series of spins, per the game rules. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent, except in cases where one spin unlocks a feature for a subsequent spin or series of spins, per the game rules. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a spin, the chances of winning the top award on the next spin are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of spins by numerous players over an extended period of time. For this game, the long-term, theoretically expected payback is 94.91% . The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback may be experienced. The expected payback value is also based upon correct player choices for any games which involve main game and/or bonus game play strategy. The maximum win on any transaction including the results of the Free Spins Bonus , plus the outcome which launched the bonus, is capped at € 250,000.00. Last modification date: 3/6/2023