Gates of Glory 1. Overview The goal is to obtain 8 or more matching symbol anywhere in view across the reels. Game specifications : Type Slots Number of reels 6 Number of rows 5 Number of coins you can bet 20 (cannot be changed) Progressive No Double feature No Auto spin feature Yes Wild symbols No Multiplier symbols Yes Scatter symbols Yes (Bonus) Bonus round Yes Free s pins Yes Instant win No RTP Normal Game: 96.00 % Odin Bet: 96.02 % Bonus Buy: 96.05 % The game disconnects if you do not take any actions for a specific number of consecutive minutes (this number varies depending on jurisdiction); the session recovery feature will save the game progress so that the next time the game is loaded, you can continue where you left off. In the event of technical difficulties resulting in a dropped connection to the game server, the game you were playing is saved automatically and will load the next time you establish a connection to the game server. You will not be able to reconnect to the game server for the first 30 seconds after the disconnection. Note : In case of malfunction all pays and play are voided; any bet that was not yet accepted will be voided, any bet that was unsettled will be refunded. 2. How to Play Note: If you do not have enough money to play a game, the bet can be set to the minimum selectable amount through a dialog window informing about this. Wins are awarded when 8 or more matching symbols land anywhere in view, only the highest win per symbol is paid. Winning symbols are removed and new symbols will fall down to fill the gaps and create potential new wins. Winnings on different clusters are all added. Winnings from Free Spins are added to the total win. The auto spin feature does not automatically start free spins - player input is required. On the info bar, you can view the current BET, your BALANCE and your current WIN, displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 2.1. Desktop version To play, follow these steps: Click on the main screen, and then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value. Click to save the settings and return to the main screen. Note: The total BET is displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). Click to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won will be shown in the WIN field from the info bar, in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 2.2. Mobile version To play, follow these steps: Tap on the main screen, then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value. Tap to save the settings and return to the main screen. Note: The total BET is displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won will be shown in the WIN field from the info bar, in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. To toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 3. Special Symbols and Features 3.1. Tumble Feature After every spin in the Tumble Feature the winning combinations are paid and all winning symbols disappear and cascade. The remaining symbols fall to the bottom of the screen and the empty positions are replaced with symbols coming from above. Tumbling will continue until no more winning combinations appear as a result of a tumble. There’s no limit to the number of possible tumbles. All wins are added to the player’s balance after each tumble win. 3.2. Free Spins Feature Collecting 4+ Scatter symbols anywhere in view will trigger the Free Spins Feature . The Odin Meter can randomly BOOST 1, 2 or 3 positions requiring fewer Scatters on the reels to trigger the Bonus . When the Odin Meter is full (4+), the Bonus is triggered. The Odin Meter boost will replicate the same number of Scatters , so 1 BOOST would be treated as 1 Scatter , now requiring 3 Scatters to trigger the Bonus . 4 Scatters - 8 Free Spins 5 Scatters - 10 Free Spins 6 Scatters - 12 Free Spins Watch out for the Eye of Odin which can land on the reels and will be added to the total multiplier of that specific spin. Multipliers are only active on spins where a win is made. If the Eye of Odin lands in view and no win is made, he will remove the lowest paid symbol. The Bonus is retriggered with +2 additional spins for 3 Scatter symbols. 4 Scatters will award +4 additional spins. 3.3. Odin Guarantee If the player triggers a Bonus round, and achieves less than 10x bet, the Odin Guarantee is triggered and an additional 4 spins are awarded. 3.4. Odin Bet Activate the Odin Bet to Increase your chance of triggering the Free Spins Feature . The Side bet will add 25% to the cost of each spin. Activating the Side Bet will not increase the paytable. 3.5. Bonus Buy The Bonus Buy costs 100x Total Bet. The Bonus Buy is guaranteed to trigger the Free Spins Feature with no other winnings. Last modification date: 3/18/2025