Get Clucky Get ready for some eggstreme wins in Get Clucky! You’ll wake up at the break of dawn when Eggciting 2x Wild symbols appear on the reels and double your win! Then stay up all night with the Eggspanding Wilds Free Spins Bonus, where the Wild symbols double your win and expand to fill the whole reel ! How To Bet Get Clucky! features 20 paylines. 20 LINES Displays the number of paylines. Betting is fixed at 20 paylines which costs 20 coins. LINE BET Displays current bet per line shown in currency. Click the left arrow (-) to decrease the line bet. Click the right arrow (+) to increase the line bet. SPIN Press to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current line bet. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN, and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until the STOP button is pressed, a bonus is triggered, or until the balance is insufficient to spin again. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Eggciting 2x Wild Feature During the base game and the Eggspanding Wilds Free Spins Bonus, if one or more Wild symbols substitute in a line win, that line win is doubled. Eggspanding Wilds Free Spins Bonus The Eggspanding Wilds Free Spins Bonus is triggered by three or more Bonus scatter symbols appearing anywhere on the reels. Triggering the Eggspanding Wilds Free Spins Bonus awards 10 free spins. Any Wild symbol on the reels will expand to fill the reels, if that expansion results in a win. When one or more Wild symbols substitute in a line win, that win is doubled. The Eggspanding Wilds Free Spins Bonus is retriggered when three or more Bonus scatter symbols appear anywhere on the reels. Retriggering the Eggspanding Wilds Free Spins Bonus awards 10 additional free spins. The bonus can be retriggered multiple times up to a maximum of 180 free spins per bonus. Free spins are played at the same line bet and same number of paylines as the triggering spin. Bonus symbols appear on all five reels in the base game and the Eggspanding Wilds Free Spins Bonus. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. Only highest winner paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the line bet on the winning line. Coinciding wins on different paylines are added. Only the highest scatter win is paid per scatter symbol. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Scatter and Bonus wins are independent from payline wins and are also added to the total amount paid. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the Eggspanding Wilds Free Spins Bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in a bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent except in cases where one spin unlocks a feature for a subsequent spin or series of spins, per the game rules. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. Intellectual Property All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of IGT in the U.S. and/or other countries. © 2016 IGT. All rights reserved.