Golden Egypt Return to the age of the pharaohs and experience Golden Egypt ! What riches lie buried in this desert turned paradise by the power of gods? Discover and collect 2 Coin symbols on the same reel to turn that reel Wild for the next 2 spins. Multiple reels can become Wild at the same time! A wealth of choices await in the Free Spins Bonus where you can choose your number of free spins and random Wild reels. How To Bet Synchronised Reels Feature Wild Stays 2 Plays Feature Free Spins Bonus Options Rules Additional Information How To Bet Golden Egypt features 25 paylines. TOTAL BET Displays the current bet value shown in currency. Press to reveal the Bet Menu and choose a bet amount. LINES Betting is fixed at 25 paylines. SPIN Press to submit the bet and spin the reels. [ top ] Synchronised Reels Feature Each reel in Golden Egypt includes large stacks of the same symbol. Before each spin, a reel set with one of the stacked symbols is randomly selected. Any symbol may appear in any stack, except the Bonus scatter symbol and the Coin symbol. The same symbol may appear in large stacks on multiple reels on the same spin. [ top ] Wild Stays 2 Plays Feature Collect 2 Coin symbols on a reel to activate the Wild Stays 2 Plays feature. A meter above each reel indicates how many Coin symbols have been collected. Once 2 Coin symbols have been collected, the reel on which the feature was triggered becomes Wild in the next 2 spins, after which the meter above the reel resets. [ top ] Free Spins Bonus The Free Spins Bonus is triggered when 3 or more scattered Bonus symbols appear anywhere on the reels. Choose from three options shown in the picker. The options presented depend on how many Bonus symbols were on the reels when the bonus was triggered. 3 Bonus Triggers 4 Bonus Triggers 5 Bonus Triggers 30 Free Spins with 1 random Wild Reel 60 Free Spins with 1 random Wild Reel 90 Free Spins with 1 random Wild Reel 15 Free Spins with 2 random Wild Reels 30 Free Spins with 2 random Wild Reels 45 Free Spins with 2 random Wild Reels 5 Free Spins with 3 random Wild Reels 10 Free Spins with 3 random Wild Reels 15 Free Spins with 3 random Wild Reels [ top ] Options Sound Button Toggle sound on or off. [ top ] Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the line bet on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Coinciding line wins starting with the leftmost reel are paid. Coin symbol appears in the base game only. Scatter Bonus symbol appears in the base game and in the Free Spins Bonus . The bonus can be triggered up to 5 times (1 time + 4 retriggers) during one spin. Wins are shown in currency. All applicable taxes and fees in connection with any winnings awarded to the player, and any other payments to the winning player are his/her sole responsibility. Winnings cannot be transferred, substituted, or redeemed for any other consideration. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the Free Spins Bonus , plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. [ top ] Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent, except in cases where one spin unlocks a feature for a subsequent spin or series of spins, per the game rules. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. Intellectual Property © 2017 IGT. All rights reserved. All other trademarks used herein are owned by IGT or its affiliates, may not be used without permission, and where indicated with a ®, are registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. [ top ] [ close window ] Last modification date: 12/6/2017