Gong Xi Fa Cai Grand Good fortune awaits in Gong Xi Fa Cai Grand ! The wealth abounds with 50 paylines in the base game and up to 70 paylines and high-paying symbols in the Free Spins Bonus ! Multipliers might appear and increase your winnings up to 5x! Trigger the Prize Bonus to choose an envelope and collect coins that may award a prize–maybe even the Grand Prize if you collect 4 Red Coins! Treasure the journey! How to Bet Gong Xi Fa Cai Grand features 50 paylines in the base game and Classic Free Spins, 55 paylines in the Super Free Spins, 60 paylines in the Giant Free Spins, and 70 paylines in the Mega Free Spins. Bet Settings Menu Press the cog or TOTAL BET to open the Bet Settings menu. Coins Displays the current number of coins being played. Betting is fixed at 50 paylines in the base game. Coin Value Displays the current coin value shown in currency. Total Bet Displays the current total bet shown in currency. Change by selecting the desired total bet. On desktop devices, optionally press the minus button (–) to decrease the total bet or press the plus button (+) to increase the total bet. Press OK to confirm and close the Bet Settings menu. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current coin value. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins and where available, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Multiplier Feature A multiplier sub-symbol may only appear on select symbols (Dragon, Phoenix, Fish, or Lion) on the first reel. If a symbol containing a multiplier sub-symbol of 2x, 3x, or 5x appears in a line win, that win is multiplied by 2x, 3x, or 5x, respectively. During the base game, if a multiplier sub-symbol appears on the reels, the Grand Prize may be awarded. During the base game or Free Spins Bonus , if a multiplier sub-symbol appears on the reels, the Prize Bonus may be triggered. Free Spins Bonus The Free Spins Bonus is triggered when 3 Bonus Scatter Symbols appear anywhere on the reels. These symbols are only found on reels 1, 3, and 5. Select a coin to reveal Classic 3x5 Free Spins, Super 4x5 Free Spins, Giant 5x5 Free Spins, or Mega 6x5 Free Spins. Triggering the Free Spins Bonus awards 8 free spins. Classic 3x5 Free Spins are played on the same lines as the triggering spin. Super 4x5 Free Spins, Giant 5x5 Free Spins, and Mega 6x5 Free Spins are played on 55, 60, and 70 lines, respectively. During the Free Spins Bonus , the following symbols are removed: A, K, Q, J, 10. The Free Spins Bonus is retriggered when 3 Bonus Scatter Symbols appear anywhere on the reels. These symbols are only found on reels 1, 3, and 5. The bonus can be retriggered multiple times, up to a maximum of 80 free spins per bonus. Reels used in the Free Spins Bonus are different from the reels used in the base game. Free spins are played at same coin value as the triggering spin. Prize Bonus The Prize Bonus may be triggered after the reel spin of any played base game or free spin that contains 1 or more multipliers. Select a red envelope to reveal and collect a Red Coin, Blue Gem, Green Gem, Purple Gem, or Aqua Gem. Continue selecting red envelopes until 3 matching gems or 4 Red Coins have been collected. Win the prize corresponding to the 3 matching gems. Win the Grand Prize when 4 Red Coins have been collected. Prize Gem Color Maxi Blue Major Green Minor Purple Mini Aqua Only one prize is awarded per Prize Bonus . Prize awards are not multiplied by any value. Each Red Coin collected before a prize is awarded increases each Maxi, Major, Minor, and Mini Prize award value by 25% of the base value. Boost values are reset when the bonus ends. Options All Sound Toggle game sounds on or off. Music Toggle music on or off. Sound Effects Toggle sound effects on or off. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far-left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the coin value on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Wild Symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols except Bonus Scatter Symbol. Bonus Scatter Symbol appears on reels 1, 3, and 5 in the base game and Free Spins Bonus . Wins are shown in currency. In this game, the envelopes are graphical animations for entertainment purposes only. The chances of obtaining a specific outcome are not equiprobable. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there may be an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. Additional Information In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent, except in cases where one spin unlocks a feature for a subsequent spin or series of spins, per the game rules. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given spin of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next spin are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of spins by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. The expected payback value is also based upon correct player choices for any games which involve main game and/or bonus game play strategy. If applicable, the maximum win on any transaction including the results of any triggered bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus, is capped at 250,000.00. Last modification date: 8/18/2023