Golden Goddess MEGA A single spin could change your life! Get 15 MegaJackpots symbols in all reel positions on a single spin to win a life-changing MegaJackpots fortune! The higher your bet, the better your odds of winning the MegaJackpots progressive. The Super Stacks feature creates huge stacks of symbols for giant wins! Choose your symbol in the bonus picker for the Super Stacks in the Free Spins Bonus for even more wins! How To Bet MegaJackpots Golden Goddess features 40 paylines. Bet Configuration Menu (mobile/tablet devices only) Press the green arrow to open the bet configuration menu. Press the green check mark to confirm and close the bet configuration menu. LINES Displays the current number of paylines. Betting is fixed at 40 paylines. LINE BET Displays current bet per line shown in currency. Press the left arrow (-) to decrease the line bet. Press the right arrow (+) to increase the line bet. SPIN Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current line bet. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press the AUTO SPIN icon, and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until the STOP icon is pressed, a bonus is triggered, or until the balance is insufficient to spin again. For UK jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Winning the MegaJackpots Progressive Every bet offers a chance to win the MegaJackpots progressive. The higher the bet, the better the odds of winning. Win the MegaJackpots progressive with 15 MegaJackpots symbols in all reel positions on any spin. After every spin that doesn't award the Jackpot, a behind-the-scenes Second Chance drawing occurs that can also award the MegaJackpots progressive. The odds of winning the MegaJackpots progressive are proportional to the actual bet amount. For example, a player playing at a 0.20 coin value has twice the chance of winning the MegaJackpots progressive as a player playing at a 0.10 coin value in the same game and currency. The expected return to player is the same for both players. Super Stacks Feature Each reel in MegaJackpots Golden Goddess includes large stacks of the same symbol. Before each spin, a symbol is randomly selected to fill each reel’s stacks. Any symbol may appear in any stack, except the Bonus scatter symbol which may appear on reels 2, 3, and 4 in the base game only. The same symbol may appear in large stacks on multiple reels on the same spin. When the same symbol appears in the stacks on adjacent reels, the potential for big wins increases. Free Spins Bonus Nine Bonus scatter symbols on the centre three reels trigger the on-screen bonus picker. These symbols are only found on reels 2, 3, and 4. Choose a Bonus symbol to reveal a Goddess, Man, Horse, or Dove symbol. The revealed symbol becomes the Super Stacks symbol found on all reels for all spins in the Free Spins Bonus . Triggering the Free Spins Bonus awards seven free spins. The bonus cannot be retriggered because no Bonus symbols appear on the reels during the Free Spins Bonus . Free spins are played at the same line bet and same number of lines as the triggering spin. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the line bet on the winning line. Coinciding wins on different paylines are added. Wins are shown in currency. Bonus symbols appear in stacks on reels 2, 3, and 4 in the base game only. When a player wins the Jackpot, a notification message appears. Customer service will contact the player within 24 hours with details of your Jackpot payout. The award verification may take up to 72 hours, and the win will not be reflected in your account balance. You may continue to play. It will not affect your Jackpot. The amount paid after verification is approximately the amount seen on the Jackpot meter when the win occurs. Potentially, the awarded Jackpot could be somewhat higher because of display delays. The Jackpot paid may also be higher due to meter smoothing, when some meter growth from peak times may be spread across slower periods. In an exceptionally rare case, the award value could be the Jackpot seed amount if the Jackpot winning outcome occurred just after another player's Jackpot win but before the Jackpot meter was able to reset due to this earlier winner. All applicable taxes and fees in connection with any winnings awarded to the player, and any other payments to the winning player are his/her sole responsibility. Winnings cannot be transferred, substituted, or redeemed for any other consideration. The Casino may deactivate this game at any time. If the Casino decides to continue the game after a Jackpot is won, the Casino is under no obligation to re-seed the Jackpot with the amount of the previous seed or any other amount. In the event that the Casino decides to terminate the game, or the game becomes permanently unavailable due to unforeseeable circumstances, the Casino holds any funds shown in the Jackpot meter. The Casino may increase or decrease the size of the Jackpot award by contributing or removing money at any time. Jackpot represents an increasing top award where the growth is funded by a fixed percentage of each bet placed by all players playing for the jackpot. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction, excluding the MegaJackpots progressive. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the Free Spins Bonus plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. Additional Information Lost Connection During Jackpot Win In the unlikely event of a lost connection or game reset during a jackpot-triggering spin, the jackpot will be awarded. Notification of the jackpot win will not appear on the game screen when the game is reloaded, and the win will not be reflected in your account balance. Any standard wins will be reflected in your account balance. Continued play, whether in this game or any other, does not affect the jackpot payout. The Customer Service Team will contact you within 24 hours with the details of your jackpot payout. The award verification may take up to 72 hours. Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent, except in cases where one spin unlocks a feature for a subsequent spin or series of spins, per the game rules. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size (except the jackpot), balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. Intellectual Property © 2017 IGT. All rights reserved. All other trademarks used herein are owned by IGT or its affiliates, may not be used without permission, and where indicated with a ®, are registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020