Ghostbusters Triple Slime Triple the ghosts, triple the bustin’, and triple the excitement with Ghostbusters Triple Slime ! Enjoy MultliWay Xtra gameplay along with the thrill of spinning 3 wheels with up to 7 points in the Triple Slime Bonus . How to Bet Ghostbusters Triple Slime offers 720 ways to win. Bet Settings Menu Press the cog or TOTAL BET to open the Bet Settings menu. 720 WAYS Displays the current number of ways being played. Betting is fixed at 720 ways. Coin Value Displays the current coin value shown in currency. Press the minus button (–) to decrease the coin value. Press the plus button (+) to increase the coin value. Press OK to confirm and close the Bet Settings menu. Total Bet Displays the current total bet shown in currency. Change by selecting the desired total bet. On desktop devices, optionally press the minus button (–) to decrease the total bet or press the plus button (+) to increase the total bet. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at 720 ways and the current coin value. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins and where available, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. MultiWay Xtra Feature With the MultiWay Xtra feature, there are 720 ways to win on every spin. MultiWay Xtra wins pay for matching symbols in any position in adjacent columns, starting from the leftmost column or the rightmost column. More than 1 matching symbol in the same column multiplies the award. The Wild Symbol substitutes for all symbols except for the Scatter and Bonus Symbols. Only the highest paying MultiWay Xtra win for each symbol is paid per spin. Example of a MultiWay Xtra payout: The following diagram shows a sample reel outcome using the Egon Symbol. Because there is at least 1 Egon or Wild Symbol in each of the first 4 columns, the player has won the 4 Egon MultiWay Xtra win which pays 50 coins per way. Payout example: 1 x 2 x 3 x 1 Egon Symbols = 6 winning ways: Column 1 Column 2 Column 3 Column 4 Column 5 Egon Wild Egon Wild Wild Wild Wild 1 Egon 2 Wild 3 Wild 1 Egon To determine the payout for this combination: Count the number of Egon and Wild Symbols in each column. Calculate the total number of winning ways (1 x 2 x 3 x 1 = 6). Multiply the number of ways by the 4 Egon Symbol win (6 x 50 = 300). The win is 300 coins. The actual amount won in currency is based on the coin value. Slimer Scatter Bonus The Slimer Scatter Bonus is triggered when 3 or more Scatter Symbols appear in any position on the columns. The symbols that triggered the bonus immediately turn into spinning wheels. The wheels stop in order from left to right. After the wheels stop, the values indicated are added together and then multiplied by the triggering coin value to determine the total bonus win. Each column has a different wheel associated with it; see the paytable for details. Slimer Scatter Bonus wins are independent from MultiWay Xtra wins and are added to the total amount paid. Triple Slime Bonus The Triple Slime Bonus is triggered when 3 or more Bonus Scatter Symbols appear anywhere on the columns. 12 ghosts are displayed after entering the bonus. Select a number of ghosts equal to the number of triggering Bonus Symbols. For example, a Bonus triggered by 7 Bonus Symbols has 7 available picks. Each selected ghost awards a pointer for either the purple, green, or red wheel. Each wheel has 3 pointers. Any ghosts selected after the first 3 for the corresponding wheel pay a predetermined amount. See the paytable for details. If no pointers for the green or purple wheels are revealed, the centre pointer on the green wheel is awarded. After all picks are revealed, press the button to spin the wheels. The purple and green wheels contain win values, while the red wheel contains multiplier values. The bonus pays the sum of all values on slices aligned with active pointers on the purple and green wheels, plus any overflow values awarded during the pick bonus, multiplied by the sum of multiplier values on the red wheel aligned with active pointers, times the triggering coin value. Bonus Symbols appear on columns 2, 3, and 4 only. Options All Sound Toggle game sounds on or off. Music Toggle music on or off. Sound Effects Toggle sound effects on or off. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. MultiWay Xtra wins pay for the same symbol in any position in adjacent columns. Same symbol in same column multiplies win. MultiWay Xtra wins pay left to right or right to left. Only the highest paying MultiWay Xtra win for each symbol is paid per spin. Coinciding MultiWay Xtra wins from different symbols are added. MultiWay Xtra wins are multiplied by the coin value. Wild Symbol appears on columns 2, 3, and 4 in the base game only. Wild Symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols except Logo, Bonus, and Scatter Symbols. Bonus wins are independent from MultiWay Xtra wins and are added to the total amount paid. Wins are shown in currency. In this game, the wheel is a graphical animation for entertainment purposes only and does not represent an actual wheel. The chances of obtaining a specific segment are therefore not equiprobable. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there may be an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. Additional Information In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent, except in cases where one spin unlocks a feature for a subsequent spin or series of spins, per the game rules. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given spin of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next spin are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of spins by numerous players over an extended period of time. For this game, the long-term, theoretically expected payback is 94.22%. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. The expected payback value is also based upon correct player choices for any games which involve main game and/or bonus game play strategy. If applicable, the maximum win on any transaction including the results of any triggered bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus, is capped at € 250,000.00. Last modification date: 1/27/2023