Gypsy Moon Seek your fortune within the Gypsy’s cards! Gypsy Moon invites you to choose your destiny in the mystical Free Spins Bonus. Big wins are predicted in your future when the Astro Sign symbol appears on the reels, offering free spins, or a bonus win. The magical rewards continue with the SuperPlay feature, which offers the option to play five reels and 243 ways to win when the same symbols appear in any position from left to right on adjacent reels, instead of on specific paylines as in traditional slot games. How To Bet Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin Settings SuperPlay Feature Free Spins Bonus Rules Additional Information How To Bet Gypsy Moon features 30 paylines or SuperPlay 243 ways to win. Lines/Ways Displays the current number of paylines selected or whether 243 Ways is enabled. Betting is fixed at 30 paylines which costs 30 coins or 243 Ways for 50 coins. Toggle between Lines/Ways by pressing the (+) icon. The RTP value differs depending on the player's choice of paylines or ways to win. Coin Value Displays the current coin value shown in currency. Press to increase or decrease the coin value. Spin Press to submit the bet and spin the reels. [ top ] Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current coin value. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until the STOP AUTO button is pressed or the balance is insufficient to spin again. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. [ top ] Auto Spin Settings The following settings control when an auto spin sequence automatically stops. Check the corresponding box to enable a rule. FREE SPINS are triggered : The auto spin sequence automatically stops when free spins are won. Win is at least : The auto spin sequence automatically stops when the prize you win in a particular round is equal to or greater than the amount you specify here. Either type the amount or select it from a list (click + to open a list of values). If the game is in full-screen mode, you cannot type a value here; instead, select it from a list. Balance increases by : The auto spin sequence automatically stops as soon as your balance increases by at least the amount you specify here. Either type the amount or select it from a list (click + to open a list of values). If the game is in full-screen mode, you cannot type a value here; instead, select it from a list. Balance decreases by : The auto spin sequence automatically stops as soon as your balance decreases with at least the amount you specify here. You can either type the amount or select it from a list (click + to open a list of values). If you play the game in full screen mode you cannot type a value here, instead you select it in a list. [ top ] SuperPlay Feature With the SuperPlay feature, there are 243 ways to win on every spin. SuperPlay symbol awards pay for matching symbols in any position in adjacent columns, starting from the leftmost column. More than one matching symbol in the same column multiplies the award. The Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except for the Bonus symbol. Example of a SuperPlay payout: The following diagram shows a sample reel outcome, using the Moon symbol. Because there is at least one Moon or Wild symbol in each of the first four columns, the player wins the 4 Moon symbol award, which pays 20 coins per way. Payout example: Column 1 Column 2 Column 3 Column 4 Column 5 Moon Moon Moon Moon Moon Wild 1 Moon 2 Moon 2 Moon 1 Moon To determine the payout for this combination: Count the number of Moon and Wild symbols in each column. Calculate the total number of winning ways (1 x 2 x 2 x 1 = 4). Multiply the number of ways by the 4 Moon symbol win (20 x 4 = 80). The win is 80 coins. Free Spins Bonus The Free Spins Bonus is triggered when three, four or five Bonus scatter symbols appear anywhere on consecutive reels starting with the leftmost reel. After the Free Spins Bonus is triggered the player is presented with four options, which change depending on how many Bonus symbols were on the reels when the bonus was triggered. Player choices do not affect payback. 3 Bonus Symbols 4 Bonus Symbols 5 Bonus Symbols 30 Free Spins with 1x multiplier 40 Free Spins with 1x multiplier 60 Free Spins with 1x multiplier 15 Free Spins with 2x multiplier 20 Free Spins with 2x multiplier 30 Free Spins with 2x multiplier 10 Free Spins with 3x multiplier 15 Free Spins with 3x multiplier 20 Free Spins with 3x multiplier 7 Free Spins with 5x multiplier 9 Free Spins with 5x multiplier 14 Free Spins with 5x multiplier The Free Spins Bonus is retriggered when three, four, or five Bonus scatter symbols appear anywhere on consecutive reels starting with the leftmost reel. Each Free Spins Bonus retrigger allows the player to choose the number of additional free spins and the set of random multipliers for the additional Free Spins Bonus round. Win up to 500 free spins per transaction. If the number of free spins awarded is greater than 440 and the trigger combination appears again, only the Scatter win is awarded and all remaining selections are cancelled. Reels used in the Free Spins Bonus are different from the reels used in the base game. Free spins are played at the same coin value and same number of paylines or 243 ways as the triggering spin. [ top ] Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. vAll line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the coin value on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Wins are shown in currency. Only the highest scatter win is paid. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Scatter wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. SuperPlay symbol wins pay for the same symbol in any position in adjacent columns, beginning with the far left column. Only the highest paying SuperPlay win for each symbol is paid per spin. Same winning symbol in same column multiplies win. SuperPlay symbol wins are multiplied by the coin value. Bonus wins are independent from line wins and SuperPlay wins and are added to the total amount paid. The Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except the Bonus symbol. The Wild symbol appears on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 only. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the Free Spins Bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given spin of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next spin are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of spins by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. Intellectual Property All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of IGT in the U.S. and/or other countries. © 2016 IGT. All rights reserved. [ top ] Last modification date: 6/5/2020