Ghostbusters Triple Slime Triple the ghosts, triple the bustin', and triple the excitement with Ghostbusters™ Triple Slime ! Enjoy MultiWay Xtra gameplay along with the thrill of spinning three wheels with up to 7 pointers in the Triple Slime Bonus . How To Bet Ghostbusters™ Triple Slime offers 720 ways to win for only 50 coins. COIN VALUE Displays the current coin value shown in currency. Press the left arrow (–) to decrease the coin value. Press the right arrow (+) to increase the coin value. 720 WAYS Displays the current number of ways being played. Betting is fixed at 720 ways which costs 50 coins. SPIN BUTTON Press to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at 720 ways and the current coin value. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until the STOP button is pressed, the Triple Slime Bonus is triggered, or the balance is insufficient to spin again. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. MultiWay Xtra Feature With the MultiWay Xtra feature, there are 720 ways to win on every spin. MultiWay Xtra wins pay for matching symbols in any position in adjacent columns, starting from the leftmost column or the rightmost column. More than one matching symbol in the same column multiplies the win. The Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except for the Logo, Scatter and Bonus symbols. Only the highest paying MultiWay Xtra win for each symbol is paid per spin. Example of a MultiWay Xtra payout: The following diagram shows a sample reel outcome using the Egon symbol. Because there is at least one Egon or Wild symbol in each of the first four columns, the player has won the 4 Egon MultiWay Xtra win which pays 15 coins per way. Payout example: 1 x 2 x 3 x 1 Egon → 6 winning ways: Column 1 Column 2 Column 3 Column 4 Column 5 Wild Egon Egon Wild Wild Wild Wild 1 Egon 2 Egon 3 Egon 1 Egon To determine the payout for this combination: Count the number of Egon and Wild symbols in each column. Calculate the total number of winning ways (1 x 2 x 3 x 1 = 6). Multiply the number of ways by the 4 Egon symbol win (6 x 15 = 90). The win is 90 coins. The actual amount won in currency is based on the coin value. Slimer Scatter Bonus The Slimer Scatter Bonus is triggered when 3 or more Scatter symbols appear in any position on the reels. The symbols that triggered the bonus immediately turn into spinning wheels. The wheels stop in order from left to right. After the wheels stop, the values indicated are added together and then multiplied by the triggering coin value to determine the total bonus. Each reel has a different wheel associated with it, see paytable for details. Slimer Scatter Bonus wins are independent from MultiWay Xtra wins and are added to the total amount paid. Triple Slime Bonus The Triple Slime Bonus is triggered by 3 or more Bonus scatter symbols appearing in any positions on the reels. Twelve ghosts are displayed after entering the bonus. Select a number of ghosts equal to the number of triggering Bonus symbols. For example, for a Bonus triggered by 7 Bonus symbols, there will be 7 picks available. Each selected ghost awards a pointer for either the purple, green, or red wheel. Each wheel has 3 pointers. Any ghosts selected after the first 3 for the corresponding wheel pay a predetermined amount. See paytable for details. If no pointers for the green or purple wheels are revealed, the centre pointer on the green wheel is awarded. After all picks are revealed, press the button to spin the wheels. The purple and green wheels contain win values while the red wheel contains multiplier values. The bonus pays the sum of all values on slices aligned with active pointers on the purple and green wheels, plus any overflow values awarded during the pick bonus, multiplied by the sum of multiplier values on the red wheel aligned with active pointers, times the triggering coin value. Bonus symbols appear on reels 2, 3, and 4 only. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. MultiWay Xtra wins pay for the same symbol in any position in adjacent columns. Same symbol in same column multiplies win. MultiWay Xtra wins pay left to right and right to left. Only the highest paying MultiWay Xtra win for each symbol is paid per spin. Coinciding MultiWay Xtra wins from different symbols are added. MultiWay Xtra wins are multiplied by the coin value. Wild symbol appears on reels 2, 3, and 4 only in the base game. Bonus wins are independent from MultiWay Xtra wins and are added to the total amount paid. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the Triple Slime Bonus plus the outcome which launched the bonus. Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent, except in cases where one spin unlocks a feature for a subsequent spin or series of spins, per the game rules. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. Intellectual Property TM & © 2016 Columbia Pictures. All Rights Reserved. “GHOSTBUSTERS” By Ray Parker, Jr. © 1984 EMI Golden Torch Music Corp. and Raydiola Music All rights controlled jointly by EMI Golden Torch Music Corp. and Raydiola Music except worldwide synch. Rights are exclusively controlled by EMI Golden Torch Music Corp. All Rights Reserved. International copyright secured. Used by permission. “GHOSTBUSTERS” Written and performed by Ray Parker, Jr. Courtesy of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. and Arista Records, Inc. Under License from Sony Pictures Music Group. All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of IGT and/or its licensors in the U.S. and/or other countries. © 2016 IGT. All rights reserved Last modification date: 12/22/2021