Griffin's Throne The ancient, mystical Griffin stands guard at the temple to protect unimaginable riches in Griffin's Throne! Are you brave enough to fulfill the quest to gain entrance? Keep an eye out for stacks of Griffin symbols on the reels, offering chances for huge major wins. Reveal the sparkling Sun symbol in the base game or the Free Spins Bonus to trigger the Multiplier feature, which awards additional Wilds with multipliers up to 10x. Trigger the Free Spins Bonus with 3 or more Scatter symbols and watch more reels and paylines appear – setting you up for more chances at legendary wins! How to Bet Griffin's Throne features 30 paylines. Bet Configuration Menu (mobile/tablet) Press the Total bet button to open the bet configuration menu. Press the check mark to confirm and close the bet configuration menu. Coins Displays the current number of coins being played. Betting is fixed at 30 paylines. Coin Value Displays the current coin value shown in currency. Total Bet Displays the current total bet shown in currency. Press the minus button (–) to decrease the total bet. Press the plus button (+) to increase the total bet. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current coin value selected and number of paylines. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Multiplier Feature Trigger the Multiplier feature when one or more Sun scatter symbol appears anywhere on the reels in the base game or in the Free Spins Bonus . Up to 5 Sun symbols may appear on any spin. Only one Sun symbol can appear on each reel. All Griffin and Wild symbols on the reels are locked in their current positions. Any reel containing a Sun symbol transforms into a 12 symbols high Golden Pillar. Golden Pillar reels contain Wild symbols and 2x, 3x, 5x, and 10x multipliers only. Multiplier symbols are wild and substitute for all symbols except Bonus, Sun, Wild, 2x, 3x, 5x, and 10x. The reels automatically respin once. After the respin in the base game, a number of symbol positions corresponding to the total number of Griffin, Wild, 2x, 3x, 5x, and 10x symbols on the reels may transform into Wild symbols. Random Wilds can only appear on positions not containing Griffin, Wild, 2x, 3x, 5x, or 10x. Number of Special Symbols Number of Positions that May Transform to Wilds 4 to 10 3 to 10 11 3 to 9 12 3 to 8 13 3 to 7 14 3 to 6 15 3 to 5 16 3 or 4 17 3 18 2 19 1 After the Multiplier feature respin in the Free Spins Bonus , 6 to 13 symbol positions may transform into Wild symbols. Random Wilds can only appear on positions not containing Griffin, Wild, 2x, 3x, 5x, or 10x symbols. 2x, 3x, 5x and 10x substituting in a line win multiply that win by 2, 3, 5, and 10 respectively. If more than one multiplier symbol substitutes in a line win, that win is multiplied by the sum of the awarded multipliers. Reels used in the Multiplier feature are different from the reels used in the base game and the Free Spins Bonus . The Multiplier feature cannot be retriggered during the Multiplier feature. Additional free spins cannot be awarded during the Multiplier feature. Line wins are evaluated before and after the respin. Free Spins Bonus Triggering the Free Spins Bonus when three or more Bonus scatter symbols appear anywhere on the reels in the base game awards 10 free spins. Free spins are played with 90 paylines on 12 symbol-high reels. Retrigger the Free Spins Bonus when two or more Bonus scatter symbols appear anywhere on the reels. Number of Bonus Symbols Additional Free Spins Awarded 3,4, or 5 10 2 3 Reels used in the Free Spins Bonus are different from the reels used in the base game. Free spins are played at the same coin value as the triggering spin. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far-left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the coin value on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Only the highest scatter win is paid per scatter symbol. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Scatter wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Wild symbol appears on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5 in the base game and the Free Spins Bonus before any feature is applied. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent, except in cases where one spin unlocks a feature for a subsequent spin or series of spins, per the game rules. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 RTP:- 95.11 % Intellectual Property © 2020 IGT. All rights reserved. All other trademarks used herein are owned by IGT or its affiliates, may not be used without permission, and where indicated with a ®, are registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. Last modification date: 11/18/2020