Game King Jacks or Better Poker Game King  Match Times Pay  - Jacks or Better We've made the hottest paytables even hotter! Boost awards and payback with our Bonus multiplier wheel. Match Times Pay   Bonus Feature How To Play Video Poker Hand Rankings Options Rules Match Times Pay   Bonus Feature Spin a fair wheel on every deal for a chance to win multipliers! Three matching colours inside the gold wedge earn that colour's multiplier whenever the Bonus is enabled. That multiplier is applied to the win after the draw. Click the BONUS button to enable or disable the Bonus. Enabling the Bonus costs 40% of main bet, but boosts long-term, theoretically expected payback. The wheel spins when the Bonus is disabled, but no multipliers are awarded. How To Play In Video Poker, the goal is to build the best hand possible relative to the paytable. BET UP or BET DOWN to select preferred stake DEAL starting hand HOLD the cards to keep them (if any) DRAW to replace unheld cards (or to stand pat if all cards are held) Ways to BET UP: Click BET UP Press RIGHT ARROW key Press UP ARROW key Ways to BET DOWN: Click BET DOWN Press LEFT ARROW key Press DOWN ARROW key Ways to HOLD/UNHOLD: Click one card at a time Click and drag across cards Press the 1, 2, 3, 4, and/or 5 keys Ways to DEAL: Click DEAL Press SPACE bar (enable in Options) Ways to DRAW: Click DRAW Press SPACE bar (enable in Options) Ways to SKIP the rollup: Click SKIP Press SPACE bar (enable in Options) Video Poker Hand Rankings Jacks or Better Hand Description Example Royal Flush 10, J, Q, K, A in one suit 10S JS QS KS AS Straight Flush 5 cards in consecutive ranks in one suit AC 2C 3C 4C 5C 4 of a Kind 4 cards in one rank 9C 9D 9S 9H 3C Full House 3 cards in one rank, 2 cards in another rank AH AC AD 6C 6H Flush 5 cards in one suit 8H 9H 2H JH AH Straight 5 cards in consecutive ranks 8H 9H 10S JD QD 3 of a Kind 3 cards in one rank 6S 6D 6C AD JC 2 Pair 2 cards in one rank, 2 cards in another rank QD QH 7H 7S 4D Jacks or Better 2 cards in one rank (J, Q, K, or A) KD KC 9H 8C 2S Options Speed Select speed of deal and draw animations. Graphics Quality Select different quality settings to optimize gameplay experience. Deal/Draw on Space Enable or disable use of the SPACE bar to deal and draw cards. Background Colour Change the background colour of the game. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. Cards are dealt from one deck of standard playing cards, and shuffled for each game. Only the highest winner is paid. If a Royal Flush is dealt on the initial deal, all cards are automatically held. If any other winning hand is dealt on the initial deal, no cards are automatically held. Standard 1X multiplier applied for non-matching wheel outcomes or when Bonus is not enabled. Each wheel outcome is independent of the others. 5% wider yellow Bonus wheel slices boost overall payback. All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of IGT in the U.S. and/or other countries.   2012 IGT. All rights reserved. Last updated 18 Jul 2012 Last modification date: 6/16/2017