Greenback Attack How to Bet Bet Settings Menu Press the cog or TOTAL BET to open the Bet Settings menu. Coins Displays the current number of coins being played. Betting is fixed at 30 paylines. Coin Value Displays the current coin value shown in currency. Total Bet Displays the current total bet shown in currency. Change by selecting the desired total bet. On desktop devices, optionally press the minus button (–) to decrease the total bet or press the plus button (+) to increase the total bet. Press OK to confirm and close the Bet Settings menu. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current coin value. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins and where available, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Greenback Attack Bonus The Greenback Attack Bonus is triggered when 3 or more Dollar Bill Scatter Symbols appear anywhere on the reels in the base game or the Free Spins Bonus . At the start of the bonus, any reel containing a triggering symbol becomes active and the triggering symbols lock in place on the reels. Each active reel has its own independent spins counter that starts at 3 spins and is displayed at the bottom of the reel. After each spin, any new Dollar Bill Symbol appearing on the active reels lock into place, the prize value indicated on the symbol is paid, and resets the spin counter for that reel to 3. Any active reel where a new symbol does not land reduces it's spin counter by 1. If all 4 symbol positions on an active reel are filled, the corresponding Piggy Prize is awarded. The Dollar Bill Symbols are cleared from the awarding reel and the number of spins resets to 3 for that reel. Each Piggy Prize can be awarded multiple times in a single bonus round. The bonus continues until no spins are remaining for any of the active reels, or a maximum of 100 spins. Reels used in the Greenback Attack Bonus are different from the reels in the base game. The Greenback Attack Bonus cannot be retriggered. Free Spins Bonus The Free Spins Bonus is triggered when 3 Free Spins Scatter Symbols appear anywhere on reels 2, 3, and 4. Pick 1 of 3 Bonus symbols to reveal 8 to 20 free spins. If the Greenback Attack Bonus is triggered during the Free Spins Bonus , the free spins continue after the completion of the Greenback Attack Bonus . The Greenback Attack Bonus can be triggered multiple times during the Free Spins Bonus . The Free Spins Bonus cannot be retriggered. Reels used in the Free Spins Bonus are different from the reels used in the base game. Free spins are played at same coin value and on the same number of paylines as the triggering spin. Options All Sound Toggle game sounds on or off. Sound Effects Toggle sound effects on or off. Music Toggle music on or off. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far-left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins shown at current bet. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Only the highest scatter win is paid. Scatter wins shown at current bet. Scatter wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Free Spins Symbols appear on reels 2, 3, and 4 only in the base game only. Wild Symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols except the Free Spins Symbol and Dollar Bill Symbol. The Greenback Attack Bonus is played on independent reels. All awards are scattered. No paylines are used. The size of the cash pile below the reels has no effect on the gameplay. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there may be an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. Last modification date: 12/10/2024