Gus's Gold Megaways 1. OVERVIEW The goal is to obtain a winning combination on a winning line spread across the reels. The game disconnects if you do not take any actions for a specific number of consecutive minutes (this number varies depending on jurisdiction); the session recovery feature will save the game progress so that the next time the game is loaded, you can continue where you left off. In the event of technical difficulties resulting in a dropped connection to the game server, the game you were playing is saved automatically and will load the next time you establish a connection to the game server. You will not be able to reconnect to the game server for the first 30 seconds after the disconnection. Note : In case of malfunction all pays and play are voided; any bet that was not yet accepted will be voided, any bet that was unsettled will be refunded. 2. HOW TO PLAY Note: If you do not have enough money to play a game, the bet can be set to the minimum selectable amount through a dialog window informing about this. All winning lines pay from left to right, beginning with the far-left reel. All line win symbols must appear on consecutive reels. Wins on different lines are all added. Only the highest winning combination on each line is paid.Winnings from Free Spins are added to the total win. The auto spin feature does not automatically start free spins - player input is required (Available only for specific jurisdictions). On the info bar, you can view the current BET, your BALANCE and your current WIN, displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 3. Special Symbols and Features 3.1. Megaways Megaways under license from Big Time Gaming. Each spin can have up to 117,649 ways to win. Wins are awarded for left to right adjacent symbols, starting on reel 1, regardless of size. 3.2. Gold Nuggets Landing 5 or more Gold Nuggets will trigger the Gold Hold & Win Respins . Values of the Gold Nuggets are a multiplier of the players base bet. 3.3. Wild The Wild symbol replaces any other symbols, except the Gold Nuggets symbols, to form winning combinations. Wilds only appear on the horizontal top tracker. Note: If no specific payouts for Wild are displayed in the pay table, a combination formed exclusively with Wild will pay just like the highest paying symbol, if that combination is the highest winning combination on a way. 3.4. Top Tracker The horizontal tracker on top of reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 will add a symbol to each reel it is above. 3.5. Cascading Wins Symbols spin into position to form a number of Megaways. Any win in view will start a Cascade. Symbols in winning combinations will explode and new symbols will drop into position. Cascades will continue until no new wins are formed. Winning symbols on the horizontal top tracker will be replaced by symbols shifting from right to left. Note: During cascading wins, the number of ways is fixed at the same amount as on the initial winning spin. Bonus symbols cannot be broken and will remain on screen until no more wins are formed. 3.6. Gold Hold & Win Respins Gold Hold & Win Respins will award 3 respins. Land Golden Nuggets times base bet prize values or reel boosters to reset the spins back to 3. Any Golden Nugget will remain in view however any reel boosters will action and disappear. The total win is displayed when all golden nuggets are collected. The multiplier reel booster will multiply all winnings at the end after all nuggets have been collected! Golden Nuggets values - 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 8x, 10x, 12x, 15x, 20x Mini - X25 Major - X50 Mega - X100 Mega and Major Nugget can be obtained only during Respins and through Green gem Modifier. 3.6.1. Reel Boosters Reel Booster Gems can also land to boost your winnings. Land a Booster Gem on a reel and trigger a boost: Blue Gem - increases reels by adding a new space on the reel based on the number of symbols. Reels can increase until the top of the mine is reached. Only the reel which the blue gem has landed in will increase; Green Gem - boost values on all landed nuggets on the reel to next possible value; Red Gem - awards and stores an extra life, so awards an extra spin at the end of the round; up to 3 extra lives can be stored at once; Purple Gem - boosts the win multiplier level by x1 each time. The multiplier will be applied to all winnings at the end of the round. 3.6.2. Boomer's Boost Randomly during Gold Hold & Win Repsins Boomer can be called and will add extra nuggets or boosters. 3.7. Mining Modifiers During the base game on any spin a modifier can be triggered. Only 1 modifier can be triggered per spin! 3.7.1. Max Megaways During any spin the Max Megaways modifier can be triggered. This will happen randomly with a unique background animation and the modifier title appearing, causing the reels to land the maximum amount of Megaways available (117,649). 3.7.2. Mystery Blast During any spin Mystery TNT Boxes will land on the reels and Gus will explode them to reveal the same symbol in their place. 3.7.3. Boomer Bonus Add During any spin Gus can summon Boomer to sniff out and reveal an extra Golden Nugget . Boomer Bonus add will always trigger the Gold Hold & Win Respins! 3.7.4. Boomer Lose to Win During any losing spin, Gus can summon Boomer to appear and change any losing spin into a winning spin or trigger Gold Hold & Win Respins . 3.8. Gold Bet and Bonus Buy You can choose to activate Gold Bet or buy Bonus Buy . 3.8.1. Gold Bet A 50% Gold Bet stake increase is guaranteed to trigger the minimum Megaways on every spin to 10,000. The Gold Bet gives more chances to trigger the Gold Hold & Win Respins and mining modifiers!. 3.8.2. Bonus Buy The Bonus Buy costs 75 x Total Bet ( 1,500 coins). Bonus Buy is guaranteed to trigger the Gold Hold & Win Respins . The Bonus Buy will guarantee 5 or more Gold Nuggets with no other winnings! Note: History application keys initial_screen: initial symbols SIDE_BET|X: Gold Bet combo_X: Cascading Wins Multiplier: Multiplier max_megaways: Max Megaways lose_to_win_final_screen: BOOMER LOSE TO WIN Result Screen lose_to_win_initial_screen: BOOMER LOSE TO WIN initial symbols BONUS_BUY_ENTERED: Bonus Buy LIFE_BOOST_COLLECTED: Extra Life EXTRA_LIFE_PERFORMED: Extra Life Active Respins_Left,Respins_played: Spins MULTIPLIER_BOOST_TRIGGERED: Multiplier Boosted cnt_multiplier_booster: Multiplier boosted collected REEL_BOOST_TRIGGERED: Reels Boosted cnt_reel_booster: Reels Boosted collected CASH_BOOST_TRIGGERED: Values Boosted cnt_cash_booster: Values Boosted collected bonus_add_scatter_added: Boomer Bonus Add boomer_scatter_added: Boomer's Boost cnt_spin_booster,extra_spins_left: Extra Life collected boomer_initial_screen: Boomer initial symbols bonus_add_initial_screen: Boomer Bonus Add initial symbols respins_winnings: Gold Hold&Win Respins Win respins_prizes,respins_final_symbols,respins_symbols: Gold Hold&Win Respins symbols respins_trigger_screen: Gold Hold&Win Respins respins_initial_symbols: Gold Hold&Win Respins initial symbols mystery_screen: Mystery Blast 4. OTHER GAME BUTTONS 4.1. Desktop version The following buttons are available: Click this button to toggle the game sound on or off. Click this button to open the PAYOUTS tab, where you can view several screens: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in either credit or your real currency - to toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area. information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts, or specific awards; the game lines and basic game rules. To navigate among the various screens in the PAYOUTS tab, click on the left and right arrows at the bottom of the screen. RULES In the last of the screens from the PAYOUTS tab, click this button to view detailed game rules, in a new browser window. (in real mode only) This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Click on it to view the gameplay history, in a new browser window. This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Click on it to close the game and to open the home website, in the same browser window. (available while the reels are spinning)(available only for specific jurisdictions) Click this button to stop the reels earlier. (available during winning animations) Click this button to skip the winning animations. (available only for specific jurisdictions) Click this button to activate Turbo mode. The Turbo mode speeds up the gameplay - the spin time is reduced to a minimum. 4.2. Mobile version The following buttons are available: Tap this button to toggle the game sound on or off. Tap this button to open the PAYOUTS tab, where you can view several screens: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in either credit or your real currency - to toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area. information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts, or specific awards; the game lines and basic game rules. To navigate among the various screens in the PAYOUTS tab, tap on the left and right arrows at the bottom of the screen. RULES In the last of the screens from the PAYOUTS tab, tap this button to view detailed game rules, in a new browser window. (in real mode only) This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap on it to view the gameplay history in a new browser window. This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap on it to close the game and to open the home website, in the same browser window. (available while the reels are spinning)(available only for specific jurisdictions) Tap this button to stop the reels earlier. (available during winning animations) Tap this button to skip the winning animations. (available only for specific jurisdictions) Tap this button to activate Turbo mode. The Turbo mode speeds up the gameplay - the spin time is reduced to a minimum. 5. AUTO SPIN FEATURE The loss limit setting allows stopping the auto spin feature automatically when the selected limit, plus your cumulative winnings, and minus your cumulative bets, is less than 0. 5.1. Desktop version Click the AUTO SPIN button to open the AUTO SPIN settings window where you can set up the following: Number of auto spins: click + or - to select the number of auto spins to play. Loss limit: click + or - to select the value of the loss limit; Stop if a win reaches: click + or - to select the value of the maximum win; Stop if JACKPOT is won (only for games with Progressive Jackpots): to enable this setting, tick the checkbox; to disable it, remove the tick. Click the ACTIVATE button to close the AUTO SPIN settings window and to start the auto spin feature with the currently selected bet and auto spin setup. Click the CLOSE button to close the window without starting the auto spin feature. Click the STOP AUTO SPIN button to stop the auto spin feature at any time. 5.2. Mobile version Tap the AUTO SPIN button to open the AUTO SPIN settings window where you can set up the following: Number of auto spins: tap + or - to select the number of auto spins to play. Loss limit: tap + or - to select the value of the loss limit; Stop if a win reaches: tap + or - to select the value of the maximum win; Stop if JACKPOT is won (only for games with Progressive Jackpots): to enable this setting, tick the checkbox; to disable it, remove the tick. Tap the ACTIVATE button to close the SPIN settings window and to start the auto spin feature with the currently selected bet and auto spin setup. Tap the CLOSE button to close the window without starting the auto spin feature. Tap the STOP AUTO SPIN button to stop the auto spin feature at any time. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Last modification date: 8/20/2024