Gus's Gold: Minecart Mayhem 1. How to Play Note: If you do not have enough money to play a game, the bet can be set to the minimum selectable amount through a dialog window informing about this. On the info bar, you can view the current BET, your BALANCE and your current WIN, displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). Malfunction voids all pays and plays 2.1. Desktop version To play, follow these steps: Use the + and - buttons to select a BET. Note: The total BET is displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). Use the + and - buttons to select AUTO CASH OUT multiplier or press on value to input custom multiplier (Available only for specific jurisdictions). Click PLAY to start. Click CASH OUT to Collect current win. The total amount won will be shown in the WIN field from the info bar, in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 2.2. Mobile version To play, follow these steps: Use the + and - buttons to select a BET. Note: The total BET is displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). Use the + and - buttons to select AUTO CASH OUT multiplier or press on value to input custom multiplier (Available only for specific jurisdictions). Click PLAY to start. Click CASH OUT to Collect current win The total amount won will be shown in the WIN field from the info bar, in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 3. Features 3.1. Multiplier The multiplier starts at 1.00x and increases to a max of 2500X. The multiplier will grow and slowly increase in speed the deeper into the mine the cart goes. You can Cash Out at any time using the cash out button to collect the current win amount. The later you Cash Out, the greater your win - but you must cash out before a crash occurs. 3.2. Cash Out Once a round has started you can Cash Out at any time before a crash occurs. Cashing out before a crash will award your bet multiplied by the current multiplier. Using Auto Cash Out will automatically Cash Out upon reaching the chosen set multiplier (Available only for specific jurisdictions). Valid input values for auto cash out: From 1.01 to 1.99 you can input any value (the steps for auto cash out are in 1/100ths). For example: 1.22; 1.23; 1.24 From 2.00 to 9.90 you can only input values in 1/10ths. For example: 2.40; 2.50; 2.60 From 10.00 to 99.00 you can only input values in whole numbers. For example: 10.00; 11.00; 12.00 From 100.00 to 999.00 you can only input values in full 10s. For example: 100.00; 110.00; 120.00 From 1000.00 to 2500.00 you can only input values in full 100s. For example: 1000.00; 1100.00; 1200.00 The + and - buttons also follow the rules above. 3.3. Crashes At any point of the game round the minecart can crash. If you don't Cash Out before a crash occurs, you lose all bets and current winnings. A crash will end the round and take you to a new game round. Note: The minecart crashes at a randomly chosen, predetermined point (including at 1.00X). 3.4. Round history At the bottom of the game screen there will be a dynamic round history showing the last results for each game round. Note: History application keys. Won_Cashed_Out= Cashed out. Final_Multiplier_Reached= Multiplier reached. Round_Results= Game round outcome. Cashed_Out_Value= Cashed out value. Lost= Lost. Continue_Round= Game resumed. Auto_Cash_Out_Multiplier= Auto Cash out value. None= Not selected. Start_Round= Game started. 4. Other game buttons 4.1. Desktop version The following buttons are available: Click this button to toggle the game sound on or off. Click this button to open the PAYOUTS tab, where you can view several screens: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in either credit or your real currency - to toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area. information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts, or specific awards; the game lines and basic game rules. To navigate among the various screens in the PAYOUTS tab, click on the left and right arrows at the bottom of the screen. RULES In the last of the screens from the PAYOUTS tab, click this button to view detailed game rules, in a new browser window. (in real mode only) This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen 4.2. Mobile version The following buttons are available: Tap this button to toggle the game sound on or off. Tap this button to open the PAYOUTS tab, where you can view several screens: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in either credit or your real currency - to toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area. information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts, or specific awards; the game lines and basic game rules. To navigate among the various screens in the PAYOUTS tab, tap on the left and right arrows at the bottom of the screen. RULES In the last of the screens from the PAYOUTS tab, tap this button to view detailed game rules, in a new browser window. (in real mode only) This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap on it to view the gameplay history in a new browser window. This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap on it to close the game and to open the home website, in the same browser window. Last modification date: 5/14/2025