Great Bear In the mystical Great Bear Rainforest, wins are often more than they appear. Animal symbols appearing in wins can transform into higher paying symbols for bigger wins! Sometimes, after the last transformation ends, the Great Bear may emerge from the trees and grant more upgrades allowing the Symbol Climb to continue. Mystic forces grow and surround every 5-of-a-kind Wild win with a chance to add multipliers on the centre reel – potentially improving other wins! The Great Bear Bonus awards 5 guaranteed winning spins, with upgrades lasting for the duration of the bonus. The majestic Great Bear awaits! How to Bet Great Bear features 20 paylines. Bet Configuration Menu (mobile/tablet) Press the arrow to open the bet configuration menu. Press the checkmark to confirm and close the bet configuration menu. Coins Displays the current number of coins being played. Betting is fixed at 20 paylines. Coin Value Displays the current coin value shown in currency. Total Bet Displays the current total bet shown in currency. Press the minus button (–) to decrease the total bet. Press the plus button (+) to increase the total bet. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current coin value. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Symbol Climb Feature The Symbol Climb feature may be triggered on any line win. When the Symbol Climb feature is triggered, the winning symbol may upgrade to the next highest-paying symbol shown on the symbol hierarchy displayed on screen. All matching symbols on the reels are upgraded. The Symbol Climb feature continues upgrading the winning symbol and any matching symbols until an upgrade fails or successfully upgrades to the Wild symbol. The Symbol Climb ladder resets at the beginning of the next spin. Wins are evaluated after all symbol upgrades are complete. Gift of the Great Bear Feature When the Gift of the Great Bear feature is triggered, the Great Bear appears and causes a Symbol Climb feature that has ended to continue. The Gift of the Great Bear feature may upgrade winning symbols after at least two successful Symbol Climb upgrades that have not reached the Wild symbol. Great Bear Multiplier Feature The Great Bear Multiplier feature is triggered at the end of any base or bonus spin that results in at least one 5-of-a-kind Wild symbol win. When the Great Bear Multiplier feature is triggered, any Wild symbols on the centre reel that are part of a 5-of-a-kind Wild win will spin at the same time and attempt to upgrade to a 2x Wild symbol. If successful, these symbols will try to upgrade through 2x, 3x, 5x, and 10x, until they fail or successfully reach 10x. All wins involving any Wild that successfully upgraded are multiplied by the last achieved Wild multiplier. Great Bear Bonus The Great Bear Bonus is triggered when three Bonus scatter symbols appear anywhere on reels 2, 3, and 4 in the base game. Triggering the Great Bear Bonus awards 5 guaranteed winning spins. For each win spin, spin until there is a win. The win spin count only decrements if there is a winning free spin. During the Great Bear Bonus, all successful Symbol Climb upgrades persist until the bonus is complete. When a symbol successfully upgrades, it is removed from the ladder and is no longer active. All upgrades are attempted between the current symbol and the next active symbol on the ladder. The bonus ends when 0 win spins remain. The Great Bear Bonus cannot be retriggered. Reels used in the Great Bear Bonus are different from the reels used in the base game. Great Bear Bonus spins are played at same coin value as the triggering spin. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far-left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the coin value on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Only the highest scatter win is paid. Scatter wins are multiplied by the coin value. Scatter wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Wild symbol appears on reels 2 and 4 in the base game and reels 2, 3, and 4 in the Great Bear Bonus, but symbols may upgrade to Wild symbols on any reel during the Symbol Climb feature. 2x, 3x, 5x, and 10x Wild symbols may appear on reel 3 only during the Great Bear Multiplier feature. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there may be an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent, except in cases where one spin unlocks a feature for a subsequent spin or series of spins, per the game rules. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given spin of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next spin are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of spins by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. RTP-94.50% Last modification date: 6/28/2022