Golden Jungle Discover exotic fortunes and forbidden treasures in the Golden Jungle . Collect treasures to unlock Wild Reels and big wins! How To Bet Auto Spin Feature Wild Stays 4 Plays Feature Free Spins Bonus Rules Additional Information How To Bet Golden Jungle offers 50 paylines. LINE BET Displays the current bet per line shown in currency. Press the left arrow (-) to decrease the bet per line. Press the right arrow (+) to increase the bet per line. LINES Displays the current number of paylines selected. Betting is fixed at 50 paylines which costs 50 coins. SPIN Press to spin the reels and submit the bet. [ top ] Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current line bet. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until the STOP button is pressed, a bonus is triggered, or the balance is insufficient to spin again. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. [ top ] Wild Stays 4 Plays Feature Collect 4 Statue symbols on a given reel to activate Wild Stays 4 Plays feature. A meter above each reel indicates how many Statue symbols have been collected. Once 4 Statue symbols have been collected, the reel on which the feature was triggered becomes Wild. The reel will stay Wild for 4 spins, after which the meter above the reel will reset. [ top ] Free Spins Bonus The Free Spins Bonus is triggered by getting 3 or more scattered Bonus symbols anywhere on the reels. Once triggered the player is presented with three options. The options presented change depending on how many Bonus symbols were on the reels when the bonus was triggered. 3 Bonus Triggers 4 Bonus Triggers 5 Bonus Triggers 15 Free Spins with Reel 3 Wild 30 Free Spins with Reel 3 Wild 75 Free Spins with Reel 3 Wild 6 Free Spins with Reel 2 and 4 Wild 12 Free Spins with Reel 2 and 4 Wild 30 Free Spins with Reel 2 and 4 Wild 2 Free Spins with Reel 1, 3, and 5 Wild 4 Free Spins with Reel 1, 3, and 5 Wild 10 Free Spins with Reel 1, 3, and 5 Wild Free spins are played at the same line bet as the triggering spin. [ top ] Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the line bet on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Only the highest scatter win is paid. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Scatter wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Bonus symbols and Statue symbols appear in the base game only. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the Free Spins Bonus plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately irrespective of any remaining free spins. [ top ] Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a spin, the chances of winning the top award on the next spin are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of spins by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of spins played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback may be experienced. The expected payback value is also based upon correct player choices for any spins which involve main game and/or bonus game play strategy. Intellectual Property All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of IGT in the U.S. and/or other countries. © 2016 IGT. All rights reserved. [ top ] Last modification date: 1/31/2017