Golden Eagle 1. Overview The goal is to obtain a winning combination on a winning line spread across the reels. Game specifications : Type Slots Number of reels 5 Number of rows 4 in base game 6 in Bonus Spins Number of lines 40 (cannot be changed) Number of Coins you can bet 13 Progressive No Double feature No Auto spin feature Yes Wild symbols No Multiplier symbols Yes Scatter symbols Yes (Bonus Symbol, Gold Coin, GRAND, MAJOR, MINOR , MINI, Blue Golden Eagle & Yellow Golden Eagle) Bonus round Yes Bonus Spins feature Yes Instant win No RTP Normal Game: 94.00 % Fever Mode: 94.01 % The game disconnects if you do not take any actions for a specific number of consecutive minutes (this number varies depending on jurisdiction); the session recovery feature will save the game progress so that the next time the game is loaded, you can continue where you left off. In the event of technical difficulties resulting in a dropped connection to the game server, the game you were playing is saved automatically and will load the next time you establish a connection to the game server. You will not be able to reconnect to the game server for the first 30 seconds after the disconnection. Note : In case of malfunction all pays and play are voided; any bet that was not yet accepted will be voided, any bet that was unsettled will be refunded. 2. How to Play Note: If you do not have enough money to play a game, the bet can be set to the minimum selectable amount through a dialog window informing about this. All winning lines pay from left to right, beginning with the far-left reel. All line win symbols must appear on consecutive reels. Wins on different lines are all added. Only the highest winning combination on each line is paid.Winnings from Bonus Spins feature are added to the total win. The auto spin feature does not automatically start Bonus Spins feature - player input is required (Available only for specific jurisdictions). On the info bar, you can view the current BET, your BALANCE and your current WIN, displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 2.1. Desktop version To play, follow these steps: Click on the main screen, and then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value. Click to save the settings and return to the main screen. Note: The total BET is displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). Click to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won will be shown in the WIN field from the info bar, in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 2.2. Mobile version To play, follow these steps: Tap on the main screen, then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value. Tap to save the settings and return to the main screen. Note: The total BET is displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won will be shown in the WIN field from the info bar, in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. To toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 3. Special Symbols and Features 3.1. Coin Feature During the base game, Blue Golden Eagle on reel 1 and/or Yellow Golden Eagle on reel 5 triggers the coin feature. If Blue Golden Eagle lands on reel 1, all Gold Coin values and GRAND, MAJOR, MINOR & MINI prizes appearing on adjacent reels, beginning with reel 2, are awarded. If Yellow Golden Eagle lands on reel 5, all Gold Coin values and GRAND, MAJOR, MINOR & MINI prizes appearing in any position on the reels are awarded. During the base game, GRAND and MAJOR appear on reel 5 only, while Gold Coins , MINOR and MINI appear on reels 2, 3, 4 & 5. Note: Possible values of Gold Coin symbols are (in coins): 10, 12, 20, 24, 50, 100, 150, 200, 250, 500; Mini = 80, Minor = 350, Majo r = 5,000, Grand = 20,000. 3.2. Fever Mode During the base game, Fever Mode can be randomly triggered. If Fever Mode is triggered, a 120 second countdown starts. At the start of each Fever Mode spin, a multiplier value of x1, x2, x3, x4 or x5 appears above reel 1 & reel 5. If Blue Golden Eagle lands on reel 1, all Gold Coin values and GRAND, MAJOR, MINOR & MINI prizes on adjacent reels, beginning with reel 2, are awarded. All awarded Gold Coin values and prizes are multiplied by the multiplier above reel 1. If Yellow Golden Eagle lands on reel 5, all Gold Coin values and GRAND, MAJOR, MINOR & MINI prizes appearing in any position on the reels are awarded. All awarded Gold Coin values and prizes are multiplied by the multiplier above reel 5. Fever Mode ends when 0 seconds remain. Different reels are used during Fever Mode. During Fever Mode , GRAND and MAJOR appear on reel 3 only, while Gold Coins , MINOR and MINI appear on all 5 reels. Note : The Fever Mode timer will continue as long as the game is open, regardless of player inactivity. 3.3. Bonus Spins Landing 3 or more Bonus Symbols triggers Bonus Spins. During Bonus Spins , 2 or more Bonus Symbols awards extra Bonus Spins. Bonus Spins end when 0 Spins remain or after 354 Spins have been played. If the number of won Spins is greater than 330 and a retrigger combination appears again, no extra spins are awarded. Different reels are used during Bonus Spins. Bonus Spins are played on the same lines at the same bet as the base game. During Bonus Spins , GRAND and MAJOR appear on reel 3 only, while Gold Coins , MINOR and MINI appear on all 5 reels. At the start of each Bonus Spin , 1 or more of reels 2, 3 & 4 are selected to contain only Gold Coins , GRAND , MAJOR , MINOR and MINI symbols. During Bonus Spins , 4 & 5 of a kind wins are not possible. Note : The eagle may randomly add extra Bonus symbols to trigger Bonus Spins . 3.4. Bonus Spins Coin Feature If Blue Golden Eagle lands on reel 1, all Gold Coin values and GRAND, MAJOR, MINOR & MINI prizes on adjacent reels, beginning with reel 2, are awarded. If Yellow Golden Eagle lands on reel 5, all Gold Coin values and GRAND, MAJOR, MINOR & MINI prizes in any position on the reels are awarded. 3.5. Bonus Spins Fever Mode At the start of each Bonus Spin , a multiplier value of x1, x2, x3, x4 or x5 appears above reel 1 & reel 5. If Blue Golden Eagle lands on reel 1, all Gold Coin values and GRAND, MAJOR, MINOR & MINI prizes on adjacent reels, beginning with reel 2, are awarded. All awarded Gold Coin values and prizes are multiplied by the multiplier above reel 1. If Yellow Golden Eagle lands on reel 5, all Gold Coin values and GRAND, MAJOR, MINOR & MINI prizes appearing in any position on the reels are awarded. All awarded Gold Coin values and prizes are multiplied by the multiplier above reel 5. 4. Other game buttons 4.1. Desktop version The following buttons are available: Click this button to toggle the game sound on or off. Click this button to open the PAYOUTS tab, where you can view several screens: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in either credit or your real currency - to toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area. information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts, or specific awards; the game lines and basic game rules. To navigate among the various screens in the PAYOUTS tab, click on the left and right arrows at the bottom of the screen. RULES In the last of the screens from the PAYOUTS tab, click this button to view detailed game rules, in a new browser window. (in real mode only) This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Click on it to view the gameplay history, in a new browser window. This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Click on it to close the game and to open the home website, in the same browser window. (available while the reels are spinning) Click this button to stop the reels earlier. (available during winning animations) Click this button to skip the winning animations. (available only for specific jurisdictions) Click this button to activate Turbo mode. The Turbo mode speeds up the gameplay - the spin time is reduced to a minimum. 4.2. Mobile version The following buttons are available: Tap this button to toggle the game sound on or off. Tap this button to open the PAYOUTS tab, where you can view several screens: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in either credit or your real currency - to toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area. information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts, or specific awards; the game lines and basic game rules. To navigate among the various screens in the PAYOUTS tab, tap on the left and right arrows at the bottom of the screen. RULES In the last of the screens from the PAYOUTS tab, tap this button to view detailed game rules, in a new browser window. (in real mode only) This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap on it to view the gameplay history in a new browser window. This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap on it to close the game and to open the home website, in the same browser window. (available while the reels are spinning) Tap this button to stop the reels earlier. (available during winning animations) Tap this button to skip the winning animations. (available only for specific jurisdictions) Tap this button to activate Turbo mode. The Turbo mode speeds up the gameplay - the spin time is reduced to a minimum. index 5. Auto spin feature The loss limit setting allows stopping the auto spin feature automatically when the selected limit, plus your cumulative winnings, and minus your cumulative bets, is less than 0. 5.1. Desktop version Click the AUTO SPIN button to open the AUTO SPIN settings window where you can set up the following: Number of auto spins : click + or - to select the number of auto spins to play. Loss limit : click + or - to select the value of the loss limit; Stop if a win reaches : click + or - to select the value of the maximum win; Stop if JACKPOT is won (only for games with Progressive Jackpots): to enable this setting, tick the checkbox ; to disable it, remove the tick. Click the ACTIVATE button to close the AUTO SPIN settings window and to start the auto spin feature with the currently selected bet and auto spin setup. Click the CLOSE button to close the window without starting the auto spin feature. Click the STOP AUTO SPIN button to stop the auto spin feature at any time. 5.2. Mobile version Tap the AUTO SPIN button to open the AUTO SPIN settings window where you can set up the following: Number of auto spins : tap + or - to select the number of auto spins to play. Loss limit : tap + or - to select the value of the loss limit; Stop if a win reaches : tap + or - to select the value of the maximum win; Stop if JACKPOT is won (only for games with Progressive Jackpots): to enable this setting, tick the checkbox ; to disable it, remove the tick. Tap the ACTIVATE button to close the SPIN settings window and to start the auto spin feature with the currently selected bet and auto spin setup. Tap the CLOSE button to close the window without starting the auto spin feature. Tap the STOP AUTO SPIN button to stop the auto spin feature at any time. Last modification date: 2/10/2026