Ghost Busters GHOSTBUSTERS™ Introduction How To Bet Auto Spin Feature Mystery Features Ballroom Busters Bonus Stay Puft Bonus Options Rules and Additional Information Introduction Join Slimer in a world of paranormal payouts Enjoy frequent wins from four spooky Mystery Features Blast ghosts for awards and multipliers in the Ballroom Busters Bonus Reap the rewards as marshmallow wilds cover the reels in the Stay Puft Bonus How To Bet GHOSTBUSTERS™ features 30 paylines, 4 mystery features and 2 exciting bonuses for only 50 coins. COIN VALUE Displays the current coin value shown in currency. Press the left arrow (-) to decrease the coin value. Press the right arrow (+) to increase the coin value. 30 LINES + FEATURE Enable 30 paylines plus all the bonus features for a fixed stake of 50 coins. SPIN Press to spin the reels and submit the bet. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of games at the current coin value. Once the desired coin value has been selected, press AUTO SPIN and choose the desired number of games to play. Auto Spin plays the specified number of games until the STOP button is pressed, a Bonus is triggered, or the balance is insufficient to spin again. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Mystery Features Any of the following four mystery features may be triggered after any base reel outcome except for outcomes that trigger a Bonus. Wins are paid on the final reel state only. Cash Award Slimer does a funny gag and pays a random award. Multiplier Slimer does a funny gag and randomly chooses a 2X to 5X multiplier to multiply all line wins on the current outcome. Wild Reels One to three reels are slimed and turned entirely wild. Extra Wilds One to four reel positions are turned wild initially. Any reel positions sharing a corner or edge with these initial wilds may also turn wild. Ballroom Busters Bonus The Ballroom Busters Bonus is triggered by getting two Bonus symbols anywhere on the second and third reels, and a Slimer Bonus symbol anywhere on the fourth reel. Use five proton shots to try to uncover any of the six ghosts hiding behind highlighted objects in the ballroom. Press a highlighted object to fire a proton shot at it. If a ghost is hiding in the selected spot, you win an award. This award may be multiplied by a special prize multiplier of 2X to 5X. If no ghost is hiding in the selected spot, press a different highlighted object to try again. After all 5 proton shots have been fired, the bonus ends and the total bonus win is awarded. The Bonus award values are based on the coin value on the reel spin that triggered the Bonus. Stay Puft Bonus The Stay Puft Bonus is triggered by getting two Bonus symbols anywhere on the second and third reels, and a Stay Puft Bonus symbol anywhere on the fourth reel. Win 8 free spins. Free spins played on 40 lines -- 10 more lines than the base game! After any free spin, marshmallows may land on one or more reel positions turning them into locked wilds. Each of these wilds remain on the reels for the remaining free spins. Line wins are paid on the final reel state only. After any free spin, the win meter may open and take in a marshmallow, paying a random award in addition to any line wins. Different reels are used during the free spins. The coin value in the Bonus is equal to the coin value on the reel spin that triggered the Bonus. The Bonus ends when no more free spins remain and the Bonus cannot be retriggered. Locked wilds are cleared at the conclusion of the Bonus. Options Graphics Quality Adjust the quality of the graphics to get the optimal animation performance. BEST mode - Graphics look best, but performance may suffer. HIGH mode (default) - Optimal graphics and performance setting. MEDIUM mode - Lower quality but increased performance. LOW mode - Degraded graphics, but smoothest animation performance is achieved even on slower computers. Rules and Additional Information Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. Only highest winner paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the coin value on the winning line. Only highest scatter pay award paid. Scatter pays are multiplied by the total bet. Coinciding wins on different paylines are added. Scatter awards are independent from payline awards and are also added to the total amount paid. Awards are shown in currency. Regardless of the bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of a Bonus plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in a Bonus, the Bonus ends immediately irrespective of any remaining free spins. The theoretical return to player of this game is equal to 94.50%. All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of IGT and/or its licensors in the U.S. and/or other countries. Copyright © 2012 IGT. All rights reserved. Last modification date: 12/22/2021