Gimme the Honey Megaways Gimme the Honey Megaways™ Game Rules 1. Overview The goal is to obtain a winning combination on a winning way spread across the reels. Game specifications : Type Slots Number of reels 6 + bottom tracker (4 symbols) Symbols per reel 2 to 7 (on Reels 1 and 6) 3 to 7 (on Reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 - includes bottom tracker) Number of ways Up to 117,649 Megaways Number of coins you can bet 20 Progressive No Double feature No Auto spin feature Yes Wild symbols Yes Multiplier symbols Yes Scatter symbols Yes (Bonus) Bonus round No Free s pins Yes Instant win No RTP Normal Game: 94.06 % Bonus Buy: 94.26 % Super Bonus Buy: 94.39 % The game disconnects if you do not take any actions for a specific number of consecutive minutes (this number varies depending on jurisdiction); the session recovery feature will save the game progress so that the next time the game is loaded, you can continue where you left off. In the event of technical difficulties resulting in a dropped connection to the game server, the game you were playing is saved automatically and will load the next time you establish a connection to the game server. You will not be able to reconnect to the game server for the first 30 seconds after the disconnection. Note : In case of malfunction all pays and play are voided; any bet that was not yet accepted will be voided, any bet that was unsettled will be refunded. 2.1. Desktop version To play, follow these steps: Click on the main screen, and then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value. Click to save the settings and return to the main screen. Note: The total BET is displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). Click to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won will be shown in the WIN field from the info bar, in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 2.2. Mobile version To play, follow these steps: Tap on the main screen, then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value. Tap to save the settings and return to the main screen. Note: The total BET is displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won will be shown in the WIN field from the info bar, in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. To toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 3. Special Symbols and Features 3.1. Megaways Megaways under license from Big Time Gaming. Each spin can have up to 117,649 ways to win. Wins are awarded for left to right adjacent symbols, starting on reel 1, regardless of size. 3.2. Golden Hive Symbol Golden Hive Symbol can only land in bottom tracker and spawns queen bee stacked Wild . 3.3. Wild Wild substitutes for any symbol except Bonus to form winning combinations. Wild can appear in bottom tracker and main game reels. 3.4. Bottom Tracker The horizontal tracker below the reels will add one symbol to each of reels 2,3,4 & 5. 3.5. Cascading Wins Every Winning symbol is part of a reaction and is replaced by cascading symbols from above the reels. Winning symbols on the horizontal top tracker will be replaced by symbols shifting from right to left. During cascading wins, the number of ways is fixed at the same amount as on the initial winning spin. 3.6. Queen Bee Wilds The Queen Bee Wild is only spawned from a Golden Hive Symbol found in the bottom tracker. The Queen Bee Wild will be a stacked Wild and will increase the win multiplier for each spin until it forms a win. The reels will respin until the Queen Bee Wild forms a win. If another Queen Bee Wild is spawned over the top of a Queen Bee Wild , the Wild multiplier increases by +1. During Free Spins the Queen Bee win multiplier is persistent for the duration of Free Spins . 3.7. Free Spins 3 or more Bonus Symbols anywhere in view will trigger the Free Spins feature. 3 Bonus Symbols - 6 Free Spins 4 Bonus Symbols - 8 Free Spins 5 Bonus Symbols - 10 Free Spins 6 Bonus Symbols - 12 Free Spins 2 losing Bonus Symbols can convert into Wilds randomly. During Free Spins the increasing multiplier can only be activated by the Queen Bee Wild remaining in view. The Queen Bee Wild multiplier is persistent during Free Spins and can only be bettered. The Queen Bee Wild remains fixed in view until it forms a win and any respins will not deduct from the Free Spins remaining panel. The Queen Bee Wild can be retriggered multiple times during Free Spins . Scatter symbols are not in view during Queen Bee Respins . Mystery Symbols are active in Free Spins . 3x Scatters in Free Spins award +4 Free Spins . 3.8. Mystery Symbols Mystery Symbols can reveal any paid symbol expect Wild , Queen Bee and Bonus ! 3.9. Bonus Buy The Bonus Buy Bet costs 75x Total Bet. The Bonus Buy Bet is guaranteed to trigger the Free Spins Bonus with 3 or more Scatters. The Super Bonus Buy Bet costs 150x Total Bet. The Super Bonus Buy Bet is guaranteed to trigger the Queen Bee Wild on the first spin during the Free Spins Bonus . A minimum of 4 Scatters are guaranteed in the Super Bonus Buy . 3.10. Unlimited Multiplier An unlimited win multiplier is active only during the respins of a Queen Bee Wild . After every LOSING spin during a Queen Bee Respin , the multiplier will increase by x1. The new multiplier will apply to the next spin. This multiplier is persistent during Free Spins . 3.11. Free Spins Guarantee The player will be awarded +4 Free Spins if their win is below 10x Bet. This will activate the Free Spins Guarantee . This can only happen once. index 4. Other game buttons 4.1. Desktop version The following buttons are available: Click this button to toggle the game sound on or off. Click this button to open the PAYOUTS tab, where you can view several screens: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in either credit or your real currency - to toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area. information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts, or specific awards; the game lines and basic game rules. To navigate among the various screens in the PAYOUTS tab, click on the left and right arrows at the bottom of the screen. RULES In the last of the screens from the PAYOUTS tab, click this button to view detailed game rules, in a new browser window. (in real mode only) This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Click on it to view the gameplay history, in a new browser window. This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Click on it to close the game and to open the home website, in the same browser window. (available while the reels are spinning)(available only for specific jurisdictions) Click this button to stop the reels earlier. (available during winning animations) Click this button to skip the winning animations. (available only for specific jurisdictions) Click this button to activate Turbo mode. The Turbo mode speeds up the gameplay - the spin time is reduced to a minimum. 4.2. Mobile version The following buttons are available: Tap this button to toggle the game sound on or off. Tap this button to open the PAYOUTS tab, where you can view several screens: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in either credit or your real currency - to toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area. information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts, or specific awards; the game lines and basic game rules. To navigate among the various screens in the PAYOUTS tab, tap on the left and right arrows at the bottom of the screen. RULES In the last of the screens from the PAYOUTS tab, tap this button to view detailed game rules, in a new browser window. (in real mode only) This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap on it to view the gameplay history in a new browser window. This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap on it to close the game and to open the home website, in the same browser window. (available while the reels are spinning)(available only for specific jurisdictions) Tap this button to stop the reels earlier. (available during winning animations) Tap this button to skip the winning animations. (available only for specific jurisdictions) Tap this button to activate Turbo mode. The Turbo mode speeds up the gameplay - the spin time is reduced to a minimum. index 5. Auto spin feature The loss limit setting allows stopping the auto spin feature automatically when the selected limit, plus your cumulative winnings, and minus your cumulative bets, is less than 0. 5.1. Desktop version Click the AUTO SPIN button to open the AUTO SPIN settings window where you can set up the following: Number of auto spins : click + or - to select the number of auto spins to play. Loss limit : click + or - to select the value of the loss limit; Stop if a win reaches : click + or - to select the value of the maximum win; Stop if JACKPOT is won (only for games with Progressive Jackpots): to enable this setting, tick the checkbox ; to disable it, remove the tick. Click the ACTIVATE button to close the AUTO SPIN settings window and to start the auto spin feature with the currently selected bet and auto spin setup. Click the CLOSE button to close the window without starting the auto spin feature. Click the STOP AUTO SPIN button to stop the auto spin feature at any time. 5.2. Mobile version Tap the AUTO SPIN button to open the AUTO SPIN settings window where you can set up the following: Number of auto spins : tap + or - to select the number of auto spins to play. Loss limit : tap + or - to select the value of the loss limit; Stop if a win reaches : tap + or - to select the value of the maximum win; Stop if JACKPOT is won (only for games with Progressive Jackpots): to enable this setting, tick the checkbox ; to disable it, remove the tick. Tap the ACTIVATE button to close the SPIN settings window and to start the auto spin feature with the currently selected bet and auto spin setup. Tap the CLOSE button to close the window without starting the auto spin feature. Tap the STOP AUTO SPIN button to stop the auto spin feature at any time. Last modification date: 8/6/2024