Golden Goddess Golden Goddess™ The Super Stacks ™ feature creates huge stacks of symbols for giant wins! Choose your symbol in the bonus picker for the Super Stacks ™ in the Free Spins Bonus for even more wins! How to Bet Auto Spin Feature Super Stacks ™ Feature Free Spins Bonus Options Rules Additional Information How to Bet Golden Goddess ™ features 40 paylines and the Super Stacks ™ feature for only 40 coins. LINE BET Displays the current bet per line shown in currency. Press the left arrow (-) to decrease the bet per line. Press the right arrow (+) to increase the bet per line. LINES Betting is fixed at 40 lines for 40 coins. SPIN Press to spin the reels and submit the bet. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a selected number of spins at the current line bet. Select the desired line bet, press AUTO SPIN and choose how many spins to play. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until the STOP button is pressed, a bonus is triggered, or the balance is insufficient to spin again. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Super Stacks™ Feature Each reel in Golden Goddess ™ includes large stacks of the same symbol. Before each spin, a symbol is randomly selected to fill each reel's stacks. Any symbol, except the Bonus symbol, may appear in any stack. All stacked symbol positions on a reel transform to the same symbol. The same symbol may appear in the Super Stacks ™ on multiple reels on the same spin. When the same symbol appears in the stacks on adjacent reels, the potential for big wins increases. Free Spins Bonus Nine Bonus scatter symbols on the centre three reels trigger the on-screen bonus picker. These symbols are only found on reels 2, 3, and 4. Choose a Bonus symbol to reveal a Goddess, Man, Horse, or Dove symbol. The revealed symbol becomes the Super Stacks ™ symbol found on all reels for all spins in the Free Spins Bonus. Triggering the Free Spins Bonus awards seven free spins. The bonus cannot be retriggered because no Bonus symbols appear on the reels during the Free Spins Bonus. Free spins are played at the same line bet and same number of lines as the triggering spin. Options Graphics Quality BEST mode - Graphics look best, but performance may suffer. HIGH mode (default) - Optimal graphics and performance setting. MEDIUM mode - Lower quality but increased performance. LOW mode - Degraded graphics, but smoothest animation performance is achieved even on slower computers. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. Only highest winner paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the line bet. Coinciding wins on different paylines are added. Wins are shown in currency. Bonus symbols appear in columns 2, 3, and 4 only in the base game. Regardless of the bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the Free Spins Bonus plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately irrespective of any remaining free spins. RTP- 96.00% Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given spin of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next spin are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of spins by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. The theoretical return to player of this game is equal to 96.00%. Last modification date: 9/28/2021