Gus Goes Fishin' 1. Overview The goal is to obtain a winning combination on a winning line spread across the reels. Game specifications : Type Slots Number of reels 5 Number of rows 3 Number of lines 20 (cannot be changed) Number of coins you can bet Bet: 20 Side Bet: 30 Progressive No Double feature No Auto spin feature Yes Wild symbols Yes Multiplier symbols Yes Scatter symbols Yes (Bonus) Bonus round Yes Free spins Yes (Deep Spins) Instant win Yes RTP Normal Game: 96.00 % Side bet: 96.01 % Bonus Buy: 96.02 % Golden Bonus Buy: 96.01 % The game disconnects if you do not take any actions for a specific number of consecutive minutes (this number varies depending on jurisdiction); the session recovery feature will save the game progress so that the next time the game is loaded, you can continue where you left off. In the event of technical difficulties resulting in a dropped connection to the game server, the game you were playing is saved automatically and will load the next time you establish a connection to the game server. You will not be able to reconnect to the game server for the first 30 seconds after the disconnection. Note : In case of malfunction all pays and play are voided; any bet that was not yet accepted will be voided, any bet that was unsettled will be refunded. 2. How to Play Note: If you do not have enough money to play a game, the bet can be set to the minimum selectable amount through a dialog window informing about this. All winning lines pay from left to right, beginning with the far-left reel. All line win symbols must appear on consecutive reels. Wins on different lines are all added. Only the highest winning combination on each line is paid.Winnings from Free Spins are added to the total win. The auto spin feature does not automatically start free spins - player input is required (Available only for specific jurisdictions). On the info bar, you can view the current BET, your BALANCE and your current WIN, displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 2.1. Desktop version To play, follow these steps: Click on the main screen, and then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value. Click to save the settings and return to the main screen. Note: The total BET is displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). Click to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won will be shown in the WIN field from the info bar, in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 2.2. Mobile version To play, follow these steps: Tap on the main screen, then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value. Tap to save the settings and return to the main screen. Note: The total BET is displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won will be shown in the WIN field from the info bar, in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. To toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 3. Special Symbols and Features 3.1. Wild Wild is also Collect and it substitutes for all symbols, except Fish and Bonus , to form winning combinations. 3.2. Bonus symbol Landing 3, 4 or 5 Bonus symbols trigger Deep Spins . 3.3. Fish symbol Fish symbols are payed out when landing together with Wild symbol. 3.4. Fish Collect In both paid spins and Deep Spins , Fish symbols are payed out when landing together with Wild symbol/s. Values are payed out once for each Wild symbol that lands. Blue Fish hold values of x1, x2, x3, x5, x7 and x10. Big Fish are Mini , Major and Mega and award x25, x50 or x100. Sticky Golden Fish hold values of x1, x2, x3, x5, x7 and x10, and is present only during Deep Spins . 3.5. Fishin' Bonanza Modifiers On any paid spin, Gus can trigger a random scenario: Reel 'Em In – On any paid spin with 1 or more Fish symbols without Wilds , Gus can collect all the Fish on the screen (up to 12 fish symbols can land during the modifier). Big Catch – On any paid winning spin, Gus can award a random win multiplier of x2, x3 or x5. Both Big Catch and Reel 'Em In modifiers can happen on the same spin. The multiplier will apply to all wins from the spin, including Fish values (up to 5 fish symbols can land during the modifier). Bonus Boost – On any paid spin where two or or more Bonus symbols have landed, Gus can add to the reels an extra Bonus symbol to trigger the Deep Spins feature. 3.6. Deep Spins 3, 4 or 5 Bonus symbols landing naturally or via the modifier award 8, 10 or 12 Deep Spins . When a Fish symbol is collected during Deep Spins , it contributes to a multiplier progress bar. When multiplier is reached it multiplies all Fish symbol values from the next spin on, until the end of the feature. Multiplier is also applied to Big and Sticky Golden Fish symbols. 8 Fish collected (in total) award a x2 multiplier. 16 Fish collected (in total) award a x5 multiplier. 24 Fish collected (in total) award a x10 multiplier. Each time Wild symbols land they contribute to an extra spins progress bar (up to 3 Wild symbols can land per spin during the feature). 5 Wild s (in total) = 4 extra spins 10 Wild s (in total) = 4 extra spins 15 Wilds (in total) = 4 extra spins Sticky Golden Fish sticks to the reels until the end of Deep Spins and can be collected multiple times and contributes to the progress bar each time it is collected. Only one Golden Sticky Fish can land during the Deep Spins feature. 3.7. Bonus Buy & Side Bet Golden coin opens the Bonus Buy and Side Bet options: Big Catch Side Bet – is a base game Side Bet which will increase the chance of all Fishin' Bonanza modifiers and Deep Spins trigger. The Side Bet will add 50% to the cost of each spin. Deep Spins Bonus Buy – Deep Spins Bonus Buy costs x60 total bet. It guarantees 3, 4 or 5 Bonus symbols with no additional wins to trigger Deep Spins feature. Deep Spins Golden Bonus Buy – Deep Spins Golden Bonus Buy costs x200 total bet. It guarantees 5 Bonus symbols with no additional wins, to trigger Deep Spins with a Sticky Golden Fish landing during the feature. Note: History application keys Free_Spins_Left= Free Spins remaining Free_Spins_Played= Free Spins played Side_Bet OFF= Golden Bet Off Side_Bet ON= Golden Bet On Scatter_gain= Scatter Free_Spins_Retriggered= Free Spins Scatter_Multiplier= Scatter Multiplier Extra_Spins_Progress= Extra Spins collected BONUS_BUY_ENTERED= Bonus Buy Bonus_Boost= Bonus boost Multiplier_Progress= Multiplier collected Modifier= Fishin' Bonanza Sticky_Scatter= Sticky Golden Fish Freespins_Sticky_Scatter_Session_Started= Sticky Golden Fish enabled 4. Other game buttons 4.1. Desktop version The following buttons are available: Click this button to toggle the game sound on or off. Click this button to open the PAYOUTS tab, where you can view several screens: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in either credit or your real currency - to toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area. information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts, or specific awards; basic game rules. To navigate among the various screens in the PAYOUTS tab, click on the left and right arrows at the bottom of the screen. RULES In the last of the screens from the PAYOUTS tab, click this button to view detailed game rules, in a new browser window. (in real mode only) This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Click on it to view the gameplay history, in a new browser window. This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Click on it to close the game and to open the home website, in the same browser window. (available while the reels are spinning)(available only for specific jurisdictions) Click this button to stop the reels earlier. (available during winning animations) Click this button to skip the winning animations. (available only for specific jurisdictions) Click this button to activate Turbo mode. The Turbo mode speeds up the gameplay - the spin time is reduced to a minimum. 4.2. Mobile version The following buttons are available: Tap this button to toggle the game sound on or off. Tap this button to open the PAYOUTS tab, where you can view several screens: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in either credit or your real currency - to toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area. information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts, or specific awards; basic game rules. To navigate among the various screens in the PAYOUTS tab, tap on the left and right arrows at the bottom of the screen. RULES In the last of the screens from the PAYOUTS tab, tap this button to view detailed game rules, in a new browser window. (in real mode only) This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap on it to view the gameplay history in a new browser window. This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap on it to close the game and to open the home website, in the same browser window. (available while the reels are spinning)(available only for specific jurisdictions) Tap this button to stop the reels earlier. (available during winning animations) Tap this button to skip the winning animations. (available only for specific jurisdictions) Tap this button to activate Turbo mode. The Turbo mode speeds up the gameplay - the spin time is reduced to a minimum. index 5. Auto spin feature The loss limit setting allows stopping the auto spin feature automatically when the selected limit, plus your cumulative winnings, and minus your cumulative bets, is less than 0. 5.1. Desktop version Click the AUTO SPIN button to open the AUTO SPIN settings window where you can set up the following: Number of auto spins : click + or - to select the number of auto spins to play. Loss limit : click + or - to select the value of the loss limit; Stop if a win reaches : click + or - to select the value of the maximum win; Stop if JACKPOT is won (only for games with Progressive Jackpots): to enable this setting, tick the checkbox ; to disable it, remove the tick. Click the ACTIVATE button to close the AUTO SPIN settings window and to start the auto spin feature with the currently selected bet and auto spin setup. Click the CLOSE button to close the window without starting the auto spin feature. Click the STOP AUTO SPIN button to stop the auto spin feature at any time. 5.2. Mobile version Tap the AUTO SPIN button to open the AUTO SPIN settings window where you can set up the following: Number of auto spins : tap + or - to select the number of auto spins to play. Loss limit : tap + or - to select the value of the loss limit; Stop if a win reaches : tap + or - to select the value of the maximum win; Stop if JACKPOT is won (only for games with Progressive Jackpots): to enable this setting, tick the checkbox ; to disable it, remove the tick. Tap the ACTIVATE button to close the SPIN settings window and to start the auto spin feature with the currently selected bet and auto spin setup. Tap the CLOSE button to close the window without starting the auto spin feature. Tap the STOP AUTO SPIN button to stop the auto spin feature at any time. Last modification date: 6/7/2024