Ghostbusters Spectral Search GHOSTBUSTERS™ Spectral Search lets you don a Proton Pack, grab your S.P.O.O.K. meter and search for ghosts in iconic locations from the film. If you capture enough ghosts, you'll capture the cash as well. And keep an eye out for Slimer - when he shows up, he awards an instant win! How to Play Auto Search About the Game Location Selector Ghost Picker Grid Slimer Instant Win Rules Additional Information How to Play Ticket Cost Displays the current ticket cost. Press the left arrow (-) to decrease the ticket cost. Press the right arrow (+) to increase the ticket cost. Press BUY to deduct the ticket cost from the balance and play the game. Auto Search Press AUTO SEARCH to automatically play the game to completion. Game play continues until all selections have been made. To continue the game in manual play mode, press STOP. About the Game Location Selector The Location Selector displays the S.P.O.O.K. (Spectral Processing Optical Operation Kit) meter that shows different rooms to search for possible spectres. Press the left or right arrows to change location. When the desired location appears, press SELECT to select the location and start game play. A total of two locations can be selected during one game play session. If the game is in AUTO SEARCH mode, the locations are chosen randomly. Ghost Picker Grid A 3x3 grid appears over the selected location. Choose five of the nine grid spots. If any ghosts are found, the game highlights the ghosts on the prize table. Match two or more ghosts to win the corresponding prize. A total of ten grid picks between two locations are available during one game play session. Slimer Instant Win If a Slimer symbol is found, an instant win prize is awarded. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. Instant wins are added to total winning prize values. Player choices made during gameplay do not affect the game's outcome. Wins are shown in currency. Additional Information Expected Payback For this game, the long-term, theoretically-expected payback is from 85.00% to 93.00%. Intellectual Property © 2017 IGT. All rights reserved. All other trademarks used herein are owned by IGT or its affiliates, may not be used without permission, and where indicated with a ®, are registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. Ghostbusters: TM & © 2017 Columbia Pictures Industries Inc. All rights reserved. Last updated 4 April 2017. Last modification date: 3/8/2023