Hot Shots: Mines 1. Overview The goal is to find Footballs before uncovering a Red Card, which will end the game round. The game disconnects if you do not take any actions for a specific number of consecutive minutes (this number varies depending on jurisdiction); the session recovery feature will save the game progress so that the next time the game is loaded, you can continue where you left off. In the event of technical difficulties resulting in a dropped connection to the game server, the game you were playing is saved automatically and will load the next time you establish a connection to the game server. You will not be able to reconnect to the game server for the first 30 seconds after the disconnection. Note: In case of malfunction all pays and play are voided; any bet that was not yet accepted will be voided, any bet that was unsettled will be refunded. 2. How to Play Note: If you do not have enough money to play a game, the bet can be set to the minimum selectable amount through a dialog window informing about this. On the info bar, you can view the current BET, your BALANCE and your current WIN, displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 2.1. Desktop version To play, follow these steps: Use the upper + and - buttons to select a coin value. Note: The total BET is displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). Use the lower + and - buttons to select the number of Red Cards. Note: The more Red Cards you choose, the faster your winnings can grow - but Footballs are harder to find. Click PLAY! to start and choose a square to uncover. Note: Each Football found will increase your prize, a Red Card will end the game round. Click CASH OUT to end the round and cash out. The total amount won will be shown in the WIN field from the info bar, in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 2.2. Mobile version To play, follow these steps: Use the upper + and - buttons to select a coin value. Note: The total BET is displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). Use the lower + and - buttons to select the number of Red Cards. Note: The more Red Cards you choose, the faster your winnings can grow - but Footballs are harder to find. Click PLAY! to start and choose a square to uncover. Note: Each Football found will increase your prize, a Red Card will end the game round. Click CASH OUT to end the round and cash out. The total amount won will be shown in the WIN field from the info bar, in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. To toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 3. Special Symbols and Features 3.1. Cash Out Shows the current value of your prize, which you can choose to collect (Cash Out). After a Football is found, this value will increase and you can Cash Out after any successful pick. 3.2. Remaining Picks Shows the number of remaining picks you are allowed to make. Depending on the number of Red Cards, you will have a set number of initial picks available. After each Football is found, the number of remaining picks will count down by one. Note: If remaining picks run out, you will have reached the Maximum Win. 3.3. Maximum Win Shows the maximum possible win you can reach with the current grid. Maximum Win is dependent on the initial bet and the number of starting Red Cards. Note: If Maximum Win is reached, no more picks are available and you must Cash Out. 3.4. Payouts The payout for the game is determined by a bet multiplier which increases after each successful pick. The multiplier is dependent on the number of winning picks found and the number of Red Cards. 3.5. Next Win Shows the value of the next Football if you choose to continue the round. 3.6. Found Shows how many Footballs have been found from the total number on the grid. AUTO SPIN FEATURE The loss limit setting allows stopping the auto spin feature automatically when the selected limit, plus your cumulative winnings, and minus your cumulative bets, is less than 0. Desktop version Click the AUTO SPIN button to open the AUTO SPIN settings window where you can set up the following: Number of auto spins: click + or - to select the number of auto spins to play. Loss limit: click + or - to select the value of the loss limit; Stop if a win reaches: click + or - to select the value of the maximum win; Stop if JACKPOT is won (only for games with Progressive Jackpots): to enable this setting, tick the checkbox; to disable it, remove the tick. Click the ACTIVATE button to close the AUTO SPIN settings window and to start the auto spin feature with the currently selected bet and auto spin setup. Click the CLOSE button to close the window without starting the auto spin feature. Click the STOP AUTO SPIN button to stop the auto spin feature at any time. Mobile version Tap the AUTO SPIN button to open the AUTO SPIN settings window where you can set up the following: Number of auto spins: tap + or - to select the number of auto spins to play. Loss limit: tap + or - to select the value of the loss limit; Stop if a win reaches: tap + or - to select the value of the maximum win; Stop if JACKPOT is won (only for games with Progressive Jackpots): to enable this setting, tick the checkbox; to disable it, remove the tick. Tap the ACTIVATE button to close the SPIN settings window and to start the auto spin feature with the currently selected bet and auto spin setup. Tap the CLOSE button to close the window without starting the auto spin feature. Tap the STOP AUTO SPIN button to stop the auto spin feature at any time. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Last modification date: 10/29/2025