Harley Davidson Freedom Tour Jump on your bike and join the Harley-Davidson Freedom Tour ! Harley-Davidson Freedom Tour offers the popular Level Up Plus feature. Leveling up unlocks new bonus games that permanently increase your payback! Feel the rev of the engine as you unlock up to 5 new slices on the Road to Riches Bonus wheel and trigger exciting new features. Trigger the Rumbling Wilds feature and all occurrences of up to four randomly chosen symbols transform to Wilds, increasing your odds for huge wins! Ride out and experience the wide-open road to riches of Harley-Davidson Freedom Tour ! How To Bet Harley-Davidson Freedom Tour features 30 paylines for only 50 coins. COIN VALUE Displays current coin value shown in currency. Click the left arrow (-) to decrease the coin value. Click the right arrow (+) to increase the coin value. 30 LINES + FEATURE Displays the number of coins being played. Betting is fixed at 30 paylines which costs 50 coins. SPIN Press to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current coin value. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until the STOP button is pressed, a bonus is triggered, or until the balance is insufficient to spin again. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Rumbling Wilds Feature The Rumbling Wilds feature can be triggered on any base game reel outcome that does not contain a Bonus symbol on the first reel. When the Rumbling Wilds feature is triggered, 1 to 4 symbols, except for Wild or Bonus symbols, are randomly chosen. The Harley-Davidson Semi then drives by shaking all symbols on screen and turning the chosen symbols wild. Level Up Plus Feature Earn 1 mile from each Bonus scatter symbol that lands anywhere on the reels during the base game. Every 10 miles moves your Harley-Davidson one stop on the map. 3 Bonus scatter symbols anywhere on reels 1, 3 and 5 trigger the Road to Riches Bonus and earn enough miles to move you one stop on the map. The miles earned and the Harley-Davidson's progress on the map persist across play sessions. The odometer, visible in the bottom-left corner of the base game and on the first page of the paytable, shows the current distance traveled. Click the map icon to open the map. When the Harley-Davidson lands on a bonus slice icon, the respective bonus unlocks. See the paytable for the unlock thresholds. The more slices unlocked the higher the payback! Tier Feature Unlocked 1 Start on this tier 2 Free Ride Free Spins : Unlocks the Free Ride Free Spins bonus slice on the Road to Riches Bonus wheel. Payback is boosted. 3 Expanded Top Award: Expanded slice triples the chance of getting the top award on the Road to Riches Bonus wheel. Payback is boosted. 4 Showroom Bonus : Unlocks the Showroom Bonus slice on the Road to Riches Bonus wheel. Payback is boosted. 5 RPM Multiplier Slice : Awards a multiplier value from 2x to 5x that is applied to an additional free spin of the Road to Riches Bonus wheel. Payback is boosted. 6 Custom Shop Bonus : Unlocks the Custom Shop slice on the Road to Riches Bonus wheel. Payback is boosted. 7 Bonus Trigger Boost : Unlocks a mystery feature in the base game that, when triggered, will award the Road to Riches Bonus when 1 or 2 Bonus symbols appear on reels 3 and/or 5. Payback is boosted. Road to Riches Bonus Trigger the Road to Riches Bonus in the base game when three Bonus scatter symbols appear anywhere on reels 1, 3, and 5. Wins awarded in the Road to Riches Bonus are multiplied by the coin value on the reel spin that triggered the bonus. Different bonus features are unlocked when the Harley-Davidson lands on them on the map. After the Harley-Davidson has moved, spin the Road to Riches Bonus wheel. The bonus wheel is populated with award values and all unlocked bonus slices. Free Ride Free Spins Bonus Three free spins are awarded for this bonus. During the first free spin, all instances of 1 randomly chosen symbol become wild. During the second free spin, all instances of 1 new symbol, in addition to the symbol selected in the first spin, become wild. During the third free spin, all instances of 1 new symbol, in addition to the symbols selected in the first two spins, become wild. Free spins are played at the same coin value and same number of paylines as the triggering spin. The Free Ride Free Spins Bonus cannot be retriggered. Showroom Bonus Triggering the Showroom Bonus awards 3 picks and the multiplier value is set to 1. Pick a present in the Harley-Davidson showroom to reveal either an award value from 50 to 500, a +1 pick/+1x prize, or a +1 pick/50 prize. A +1 pick/+1x prize increases the bonus multiplier by 1x and the remaining picks by 1. A +1 pick/50 prize awards 50 and increases the remaining picks by 1. It is possible to win up to 10 picks with a 5x multiplier. When the bonus ends the sum of the revealed values multiplied by the triggering coin value and multiplied by the final multiplier value is awarded. RPM Multiplier Slice When the Road to Riches Bonus wheel lands on this slice a tachometer appears. Every time the tachometer revs the multiplier increases. The tachometer will rev a random number of times rewarding a multiplier from 2x, 3x, 4x or 5x. This multiplier is then applied to an additional spin of the initial Road to Riches Bonus wheel with any unlocked slices removed. Custom Shop Bonus Try to complete all three bikes by finding all their Harley-Davidson emblems. At the start of the bonus each bike's award value is randomly chosen. The table below shows the bike's emblem colour, the amount of emblems needed to complete the bike, and the bike's possible initial award values: Bike Emblem Emblems Needed Award Values Gold 5 2500, 3500, 5000, or 10,000 Silver 4 1000 or 1500 Bronze 3 500 or 750 Pick a lug-nut to reveal either a bike's emblem, a multiplier, or all three emblems. If a bike's emblem is revealed, that bike gains an emblem. If a multiplier is revealed, all award values are doubled. If all three emblems are revealed, every bike gains an emblem. When all of one or more bikes' emblems are collected, the bonus ends. The bonus awards the sum of all completed bikes’ values multiplied by the triggering coin value and multiplied by the multiplier. Bonus Trigger Boost This mystery feature randomly offers a second chance at triggering the Road to Riches Bonus if at least one Bonus symbol is displayed on reel 3 and/or reel 5, but no Bonus symbol is displayed on reel 1. Because the traditional 3-symbol Road to Riches Bonus trigger is still in effect after the Bonus Trigger Boost is unlocked, this mystery feature increases the overall odds of triggering the Road to Riches Bonus for players who have unlocked it. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. Only highest winner paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the coin value. Coinciding wins on different paylines are added. Scatter and Bonus wins are independent from payline wins and are also added to the total amount paid. Bonus scatter symbol appears on reels 1, 3, and 5 in the base game only. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the Road to Riches Bonus , plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in a bonus, that bonus may end early before all free spins have been completed. Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent except in cases where one spin unlocks a feature for a subsequent spin or series of spins, per the game rules. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. Intellectual Property ©H-D or its Affiliates. HARLEY-DAVIDSON, Harley, the Bar & Shield Design, are trademarks of H-D U.S.A., LLC used under license by IGT. All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of IGT in the U.S. and/or other countries. © 2017 IGT. All rights reserved. Last modification date: 12/22/2021