Hot Roll Super Times Pay Hot Roll Super Times Pay Burning hot wins await in Hot Roll Super Times Pay ! Wild Multipliers on every reel can spark an inferno of cash! Trigger the Hot Roll Bonus and roll a pair of dice continuously until you roll a 7, accumulating blazing wins with each successive roll! How To Bet Auto Spin Feature Wild Multipliers Hot Roll Symbols and Hot Roll Bonus Options Rules Additional Information How To Bet Hot Roll Super Times Pay features 20 paylines. LINES Displays the current number of paylines selected. Press the left arrow (–) to decrease the number of paylines played. Press the right arrow (+) to increase the number of paylines played. LINE BET Displays the current bet per line shown in currency. Press the left arrow (–) to decrease the bet per line. Press the right arrow (+) to increase the bet per line. SPIN BUTTON Press to submit the bet and spin the reels. [ top ] Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current line bet and number of paylines selected. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until the STOP button is pressed, a bonus is triggered, or the balance is insufficient to spin again. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. [ top ] Wild Multipliers Each reel is loaded with Wild Multiplier symbols that boost the payout. The 2x Wild Multiplier symbol appears on reels 1 and 3. Mixed stacks of 2x, 3x, 4x, and 5x Wild Multiplier symbols appear only on reel 2. Wins for outcomes with one Wild Multiplier symbol and two matching non-Wild symbols are multiplied by the multiplier value listed on the symbol. Wins for outcomes with two Wild Multiplier symbols and one matching non-Wild symbol are multiplied by both multiplier values on the symbols. Wins with one, two, or three Wild Multiplier symbols that do not otherwise form a three-symbol win are paid the corresponding Wild Multiplier win listed in the paytable. [ top ] Hot Roll Symbols and Hot Roll Bonus Each reel holds one of three Hot Roll symbols that substitutes for a normal symbol, but can also work together to trigger the Hot Roll Bonus. Trigger the Hot Roll Bonus by getting a scatter Hot Roll symbol on each reel in any payline position. Accumulate wins in the bonus, by rolling two dice until a sum of 7 is rolled or 300 rolls have been played. Press the face of a die to change the starting value before rolling. This does not affect the result of the roll. To roll the dice, press and drag the dice, press the SPACE bar, or press AUTO ROLL . Dice Award Values Roll 2 or 12 3 or 11 4 or 10 5 or 9 6 or 8 7 on 1st roll 7 after 1st roll Win 10x 6x 4x 3x 2x 7x end end Roll wins are multiplied by the total bet. The odds of rolling various dice combinations are the same as fair physical dice. AUTO ROLL rolls the dice in the Hot Roll Bonus until the bonus ends. [ top ] Options Graphics Quality Adjust the quality of the graphics to get the optimal animation performance. BEST mode - Highest quality graphics, but performance may suffer. HIGH mode (default) - Balance graphics and performance setting. MEDIUM mode - Lower quality but increased performance. LOW mode - Minimal graphics, but smoothest animation performance is achieved even on slower computers. Reel Spin Audio Enable or disable the classic slot machine music that plays while the reels are spinning. This setting has no effect when all game audio is disabled. [ top ] Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the line bet on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the Hot Roll Bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if the player has not yet rolled a 7. [ top ] Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. The theoretical return to player of this game is 96.07% Intellectual Property HOT ROLL was created by King Show Games, Inc. For more information on King Show Games (KSG), go to www.ksg.com. All trademarks are owned and/or registered by IGT and/or its licensors in the U.S. and/or other countries. © 2016 IGT. All rights reserved. [ top ] Last modification date: 12/22/2021