Highwayman Gold Hold and Win Game Rules 1. Overview The goal is to obtain a winning combination on a winning line spread across the reels. Game specifications : Type Slots Number of reels 5 + top tracker (3 symbols) Symbols per reel 3 (on Reels 1 and 5) 3 to 4 (on Reels 2, 3, 4 - includes top tracker ) Number of ways 576 up to 9000 Ways Number of coins you can bet 20 (cannot be changed) Progressive No Double feature No Wild symbols Yes Multiplier symbols Yes Scatter symbols Yes (Monet) Bonus round Yes Free s pins Yes Instant win No RTP Normal Game: 93.99 % Side Bet: 94.02 % Bonus Buy: 94.03 % The game disconnects if you do not take any actions for a specific number of consecutive minutes (this number varies depending on jurisdiction); the session recovery feature will save the game progress so that the next time the game is loaded, you can continue where you left off. In the event of technical difficulties resulting in a dropped connection to the game server, the game you were playing is saved automatically and will load the next time you establish a connection to the game server. You will not be able to reconnect to the game server for the first 30 seconds after the disconnection. Note : In case of malfunction all pays and play are voided; any bet that was not yet accepted will be voided, any bet that was unsettled will be refunded. 2. How to Play Note: If you do not have enough money to play a game, the bet can be set to the minimum selectable amount through a dialog window informing about this. All winning lines pay from left to right, beginning with the far-left reel. All line win symbols must appear on consecutive reels. Wins on different lines are all added. Only the highest winning combination on each line is paid.Winnings from Free Spins are added to the total win. On the info bar, you can view the current BET, your BALANCE and your current WIN, displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 2.1. Desktop version To play, follow these steps: 1. Click on the main screen, and then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value. Click to save the settings and return to the main screen. Note: The total BET is displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 2. Click to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won will be shown in the WIN field from the info bar, in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 2.2. Mobile version To play, follow these steps: 1. Tap on the main screen, then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value. Tap to save the settings and return to the main screen. Note: The total BET is displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 2. Tap to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won will be shown in the WIN field from the info bar, in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. To toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 3. Special Symbols and Features 3.1. Ways This game has 576 ways as standard and up to 9000 ways from reel modifiers. Wins are awarded from left to right adjacent symbols, starting on reel 1. 3.2. Wild The Wild symbol replaces any other symbols, except the Money Scatter and Golden Dick Turpin. Wilds only appear on the horizontal top tracker. Watch out for the Wild which can transform on the top tracker. 3.3. Top Tracker The horizontal tracker above the reels will add one symbol to each of reels 2, 3 and 4. Wilds and Golden Dick Turpin are only found in the top tracker. 3.4. Cascading Wins Every Winning symbol is part of a reaction and is replaced by cascading symbols from above the reels. Winning symbols on the horizontal top tracker will be replaced by symbols shifting from right to left. 3.5. Boosters All Boosters are found in the top tracker. Golden Dick Turpin Golden Dick Turpin will act as a standard high paying top symbol, however if it lands in view it will first collect any Money Scatter symbol in view and pay its prize. If no Money Scatters are in view, it will spawn 1-3 in view and pay them. Golden Dick Turpin can only land in view in the top tracker. Golden Dick Turpin can land in view during Hold & Win Respins Split Any Wild in view can transform into the Split. This will increase the number of ways in the reel below. It can only land in the same reel twice. Split can only land in view in the top tracker from a Wild in the base game. Split can land in view during Hold & Win Respins. Multiplier Any Wild in view can transform into the Multiplier. Any Multiplier in view will reveal a x2 or x3 multiplier. Multipliers are additive and all wins are then multiplied by the final amount at the point it landed in view. Multipliers can only land in view in the top tracker from a Wild in the base game. Multipliers can land in view during Hold & Win Respins. This will multiply the end total of Hold & Win Respins. Lock Any Wild in view can transform into the Lock. Any Lock in view will lock any wins formed and/or Money Scatters. A respin is then awarded and if the win is bettered or another Money Scatter is gained it will lock and respin again. When no more are gained, the Lock modifier will end. Lock can only land in view in the top tracker from a Wild in the base game. Lock can land in view during Hold & Win Respins. This will lock all symbols and award additional respins to gain another Money Scatter without deducting from the Spins Left. Lose to win On any losing spin gun shots can be triggered to spawn 3 standard wilds in the top tracker to guarantee a win. 3.6. Hold & Win Respins 5 or more Money Scatter symbols in view will trigger 3 x Hold & Win Respins. If another Money Scatter lands in view, it will be held and the number of respins will reset to 3. Whatever reel layout which triggered Respins will be carried over into Respins. Watch out for Golden Dick Turpin, Split, Multiplier and Lock during Respins which are all active. 3.7. Side Bet Play 25% Higher stake for better chance of feature! The Side Bet does not increase the paytable values. 3.8. Bonus Buy Play for 75x stake to trigger Hold & Win Respins. 4. OTHER GAME BUTTONS 4.1. Desktop version The following buttons are available: Click this button to toggle the game sound on or off. Click this button to open the PAYOUTS tab, where you can view several screens: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in either credit or your real currency - to toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area. information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts, or specific awards; the game lines and basic game rules. To navigate among the various screens in the PAYOUTS tab, click on the left and right arrows at the bottom of the screen. RULES In the last of the screens from the PAYOUTS tab, click this button to view detailed game rules, in a new browser window. (in real mode only) This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Click on it to view the gameplay history, in a new browser window. This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Click on it to close the game and to open the home website, in the same browser window. (available while the reels are spinning) Click this button to stop the reels earlier. (available during winning animations) Click this button to skip the winning animations. (available only for specific jurisdictions) Click this button to activate Turbo mode. The Turbo mode speeds up the gameplay - the spin time is reduced to a minimum. 4.2. Mobile version The following buttons are available: Tap this button to toggle the game sound on or off. Tap this button to open the PAYOUTS tab, where you can view several screens: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in either credit or your real currency - to toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area. information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts, or specific awards; the game lines and basic game rules. To navigate among the various screens in the PAYOUTS tab, tap on the left and right arrows at the bottom of the screen. RULES In the last of the screens from the PAYOUTS tab, tap this button to view detailed game rules, in a new browser window. (in real mode only) This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap on it to view the gameplay history in a new browser window. This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap on it to close the game and to open the home website, in the same browser window. (available while the reels are spinning) Tap this button to stop the reels earlier. (available during winning animations) Tap this button to skip the winning animations. (available only for specific jurisdictions) Tap this button to activate Turbo mode. The Turbo mode speeds up the gameplay - the spin time is reduced to a minimum. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PAYS AND PLAYS