Hexbreak3r Change your fortunes and break the hex in Hexbreak3r ! Find the lucky horseshoes to increase your luck and expand the reels, adding more MultiWay Xtra ways to win—up to 59,049! The Expanding Reels feature adds more symbols to the reel, pushing the lucky horseshoes even higher for more win potential. Reach the Luck Zone to win cash prizes or trigger the Free Spins Bonus, where you might find even more Expanding Reels! And if you’re lucky enough to cross paths with the cat, you could win the jackpot! There might be lots of transforming symbols action, but there’s no superstitious hocus pocus in this game! How to Bet Hexbreak3r offers up to 59,049 ways to win. 243 to 59,049 ways Displays the current number of ways being played. Total Bet Displays the current total bet shown in currency. Press the minus button (–) to decrease the total bet. Press the plus button (+) to increase the total bet. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current total bet. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Expanding Reels Feature During the base game, a Horseshoe scatter symbol appearing in any position on a reel triggers the Expanding Reels feature. If the Expanding Reels feature is awarded, each Horseshoe symbol appearing on a reel expands that reel upward, adding one or more symbol positions to the top of that reel. The Horseshoe symbol moves to the top position on that reel and any symbols below the initial Horseshoe symbol position shift up to fill the reel. Wins are evaluated after the expansion is complete. Reel heights in the base game are saved separately for each bet level and remain between play sessions. Luck Zone The Luck Zone is above the reels in the base game and contains orbs with different awards. The Luck Zone may award the Free Spins Bonus, cash prizes, or the Black Cat symbol. The Black Cat symbol appears only in the Luck Zone position for reel 3 only. Luck Zone Cash Prize Values (in Coins) 800 1000 1300 1500 2000 2500 5000 Cash prizes are multiplied by the coin value. Cash prize and jackpot values are displayed in currency. If a Horseshoe symbol reaches an orb with a cash prize in the Luck Zone , that cash prize is awarded and the reel resets to 3 symbol positions high on the next spin. That Luck Zone award is replaced by a Bonus orb or a cash prize value. If a Horseshoe symbol reaches a Bonus orb in the Luck Zone , the Free Spins Bonus is awarded and the reel resets to 3 symbol positions high at the start of the next base game spin after the Free Spins Bonus is complete. That Luck Zone award is replaced by a Bonus orb or a cash prize value. If a Horseshoe symbol reaches the Black Cat symbol in the Luck Zone , the jackpot is awarded and the reel resets to 3 symbol positions high at the start of the next base game. The jackpot is a fixed award, proportional to the amount wagered, and is not shared – it is only winnable by the player. Luck Zone awards in the base game are saved separately for each bet option and remain between play sessions. Symbol Replacement Feature On any spin in the base game, the reels contain symbols that transform into any symbol except the Logo, Bonus, or Horseshoe symbols. One to four different symbols may be designated as the transformed symbol on each reel. Each reel may contain different transformed symbols. MultiWay Xtra Feature With the MultiWay Xtra feature, there are up to 59,049 ways to win on every spin. MultiWay Xtra wins pay for matching symbols in any position in adjacent columns, starting from the leftmost column or the rightmost column. More than one matching symbol in the same column multiplies the award. The Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except for the Horseshoe and Bonus symbols. Only the highest paying MultiWay Xtra win for each symbol is paid per spin. Example of a MultiWay Xtra payout: The following diagram shows a sample reel outcome using the Crow symbol. Because there is at least one Crow or Wild symbol in each of the first four columns, the player has won the 4 Crow MultiWay Xtra win which pays 10 coins per way. This sample reel spin has 3,150 ways to win. Payout example: 2 x 3 x 1 x 1 Crows = 6 winning ways: Column 1 Column 2 Column 3 Column 4 Column 5 Wild Crow Wild Crow Crow Wild Wild 2 Crows 3 Crows 1 Crow To determine the payout for this combination: Count the number of Crow and Wild symbols in each column. Calculate the total number of winning ways (2 x 3 x 1 x 1 = 6). Multiply the number of ways by the 4 Crow symbol win (6 x 10 = 60). The win is 60 coins. The actual amount won in currency is based on the coin value. Free Spins Bonus The Free Spins Bonus is triggered when three Bonus scatter symbols appear anywhere on reels 2, 3, and 4. Bonus symbols are 3 symbol positions high and the full symbol must be visible to award the bonus. The Free Spins Bonus is also triggered if a reel expands and reaches a Bonus orb in the Luck Zone . If more than one Free Spins Bonus is awarded in a single spin, each bonus is played consecutively and evaluated independently. Different reels are used during free spins. During free spins, a Horseshoe symbol appearing in any position on a reel awards the Expanding Reels feature. If the Expanding Reels feature is awarded, each Horseshoe symbol appearing on a reel expands that reel downward, adding one symbol position to the bottom of that reel. The Horseshoe symbol moves to the bottom position on that reel and any symbols above the initial Horseshoe symbol position shift down to fill the reel. Free spins are played at the same total bet as the triggering spin. Free spins are initially played at 243 ways and increases if additional symbol positions are added. The Free Spins Bonus cannot be retriggered. Wins are evaluated after the expansion is complete. Free Spins Bonus Jinx Zone The Jinx Zone is below the reels in the Free Spins Bonus and contains orbs with different awards. The Jinx Zone may award yellow orbs with cash prize values, Skull orbs, or the White Cat symbol. The White Cat symbol appears in the Jinx Zone position below reel 3 only. Jinx Zone (Orb) Cash Prize Value (in Coins) 2000 2500 5000 800 1000 1300 1500 Cash prize values are multiplied by the coin value. Cash prize and jackpot values are displayed in currency. If a Horseshoe symbol reaches a yellow orb in the Jinx Zone , the corresponding cash prize is awarded. The Jinx Zone award is replaced by a Skull orb and the reel resets to 3 symbol positions high at the start of the next free spin. If a Horseshoe symbol reaches the White Cat in the Jinx Zone , the jackpot is awarded and the reel resets to 3 symbol positions high at the start of the next free spin. The jackpot is a fixed award, proportional to the amount wagered, and is not shared – it is only winnable by the player. If a Horseshoe symbol reaches a Skull orb in the Jinx Zone , the corresponding cash prize value is awarded and the Free Spins Bonus ends. Free Spins Bonus Symbol Replacement Feature On any spin in the Free Spins Bonus , the reels contain symbols that transform into any symbol except Wild or Horseshoe symbol. One to four different symbols may be designated as the transformed symbol on each reel. Each reel may contain different transformed symbols. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. MultiWay Xtra wins pay for the same symbol in any position in adjacent columns. Same symbol in same column multiplies win. MultiWay Xtra wins pay left to right and right to left. Only the highest paying MultiWay Xtra win for each symbol is paid per spin. Coinciding MultiWay Xtra wins from different symbols are added. MultiWay Xtra wins are multiplied by the coin value. Wild symbol appears on reels 2, 3, and 4 in the base game. Wild symbol appears on reels 2, 3, and 4 in the Free Spins Bonus . Zone item wins are independent from MultiWay Xtra wins and are also added to the total amount paid. Bonus wins are independent from MultiWay Xtra wins and are added to the total amount paid. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent except in cases where one spin unlocks a feature for a subsequent spin or series of spins, per the game rules. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. RTP :- 94.27 Last modification date: 12/22/2021