Harley Davidson To begin, select one of the four available games from the initial selection screen: Game 1 - Top Torque Select the cards and the PRIZE badge to reveal the RPMs and the prize value. If Your RPMs are larger than Your Rival’s RPMs, the value displayed on the PRIZE badge is awarded. Game 2 - Find a Harley-Davidson® Motorcycle Select the PRIZE badges and garages to see each garage’s prize value and contents. If a Harley-Davidson® motorcycle is revealed, the value displayed on the PRIZE badge is awarded. Game 3 - Match & Win Wheel Spin Spin the wheel. If it stops on a coloured segment containing a Harley-Davidson® badge, the value displayed next to that colour on the PRIZE table is awarded. If it lands on a grey segment, no prize is awarded. Game 4 - Match 3 Harley-Davidson® Motorcycles Select the BIKE badges to reveal Harley-Davidson® motorcycles and their associated prize values. If you find three matching Harley-Davidson® motorcycles with the same prize value, the associated prize value is awarded. When a game is complete, press BACK to return to the game selection screen. When all four games are complete, play ends and a message appears confirming the outcome of the game. How to bet "Ticket Cost" displays the current ticket cost Press the left arrow (–) to decrease the ticket cost Press the right arrow (+) to increase the ticket cost Press BUY to deduct the ticket cost from the balance and play the game Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays Instant wins are added to total winning prize values Wins are shown in currency Player choices made during gameplay do not affect the game’s outcome The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Expected Payback For this game, the long-term, theoretically-expected payback is from 85.00% to 93.00%. Intellectual Property © 2017 IGT. All rights reserved. All other trademarks used herein are owned by IGT or its affiliates, may not be used without permission, and where indicated with a ®, are registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. © 2017 H-D or its Affiliates. HARLEY, HARLEY-DAVIDSON and the Bar & Shield Design are among the trademarks of H-D U.S.A. LLC. IGT is a licensee of Harley-Davidson Motor Company. Last modification date: 6/5/2020