Ice Heist 2: The Museum Snatch-a-roo How to Bet Bet Settings Menu Press the wheel or TOTAL BET to open the Bet Settings menu. Coins Displays the current number of coins being played. Betting is fixed at 30 paylines. Coin Value Displays the current coin value shown in currency. Total Bet Displays the current total bet shown in currency. Change by selecting the desired total bet. On desktop devices, optionally press the minus button (–) to decrease the total bet or press the plus button (+) to increase the total bet. Press OK to confirm and close the Bet Settings menu. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current bet. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins and where available, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Snatch-a-Roo Mystery Feature The Snatch-a-Roo Mystery feature may randomly occur after any non-winning base game spin. When triggered, the lowest paying symbols present on the reels are removed and all symbol positions are filled as new symbols tumble from above to fill all empty spaces. The reels are re-evaluated for symbols in a winning combination, and if no win is present, the next lowest symbols are removed from the reels and new symbols tumble down to replace them. The Snatch-a-Roo Mystery feature repeats until a winning symbol combination occurs. Museum Heist Bonus The Museum Heist Bonus triggers when 3 Bonus Scatter Symbols appear anywhere on reels 2, 3, and 4. Triggering the Museum Heist Bonus awards 5 initial free spins. Before the Museum Heist Bonus begins, find free spins, symbol multipliers, diamonds, and a Super Steal Symbol in up to 4 museum exhibits. Select up to 3 items in each exhibit. Once all picks are completed for one exhibit, the next exhibit opens. Each exhibit has an associated Character Symbol. Any multipliers, or diamonds collected apply to that exhibit’s symbol: Exhibit 1 – Security Guard Exhibit 2 – Detective Exhibit 3 – Male Thief Exhibit 4 – Female Thief Each selection reveals 1 of 5 items: +1 spin. Symbol Multiplier – add a 1x multiplier to that exhibit’s Wild Character Symbol. Diamond – add 1 Diamond to the wild accumulator for that exhibit’s Character Symbol. The Super Steal Symbol – adds +1 spin, 1x Character Symbol multiplier, and 1 Diamond to the accumulator for that exhibit’s Character Symbol. X Symbol - triggers the alarm. Collecting 3 Xs ends the heist and starts the free spins. If 3 Xs are collected before all 4 exhibits are opened, the remaining exhibits are not available. The exhibit sequence ends when all 4 rooms are completed or 3 Xs are revealed. All free spins, Diamonds, and multipliers earned in the exhibits are added to the accumulators in the free spins. The Museum Heist Bonus retriggers when 3 Bonus Scatter Symbols appear anywhere on reels 2, 3, and 4. Retriggering the bonus awards additional free spins equal to the amount awarded after the picker. The bonus can be retriggered multiple times, up to a maximum of 225 free spins per bonus. During free spins, each Diamond Scatter Symbol in any position on reel 5 fills in one Diamond next to a symbol in the on-screen accumulator. Symbols fill sequentially from left to right. If 3 Diamonds are filled next to a symbol, all occurrences of the corresponding Female Thief, Male Thief, Detective, or Security Guard Symbol on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5 transform into Wild Female Thief, Male Thief, Detective, or Security Guard Symbols, respectively for the current and remaining free spins. Any wins that involve a combination of 2x and/or 3x wild multipliers are multiplied by the sum of the multipliers. If any symbols transform, wins are evaluated after the transformations are complete. Free spins are played at same bet as the triggering spin. Different reels are used during free spins. Reels are determined at the start of each free spin. Options All Sound - toggle game sounds on or off. Sound Effects - toggle game sound effects on or off. Music - toggle game music on or off. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far-left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Only the highest scatter win is paid. All wins are displayed at the current bet. Scatter wins are independent from line wins and adds to the total amount paid. Bonus wins are independent from line wins and adds to the total amount paid. Bonus Symbol appears only on reels 2, 3, and 4. Wild Symbol appears on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5 only. Wild Character Symbols appear on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5 only in the Museum Heist Bonus . Diamond Symbol is wild and appears on reel 5 only in the Museum Heist Bonus . All Wild Symbols substitute for all symbols except the Bonus and Diamond Symbols. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there may be an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. RTP:94.02% Last modification date: 9/23/2025