It's Magic Enchantment encompasses the reels in It’s Magic , when the Wild Reel feature transforms a full stack of the same symbol on a reel into a stack of wilds on the next spin! Trigger the Free Spins Bonus for even more spellbinding wins:10 to 45 free spins, depending on the number of Bonus symbols on the reels. Will the Magic Wheel Bonus trigger randomly on any base game spin? You may win the Royal or Grand Jackpot! How to Bet It’s Magic features 50 paylines for 75 coins. Bet Configuration Menu (mobile/tablet/mini games) Press the arrow to open the bet configuration menu. Press the check mark to confirm and close the bet configuration menu. Coins Displays the current number of coins. Betting is fixed at 50 paylines, which costs 75 coins. Coin Value Displays the current coin value shown in currency. Press the minus button (–) to decrease the coin value. Press the plus button (+) to increase the coin value. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current coin value. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Auto Spin feature is not available in mini format. Wild Reel Feature A full stack of Book, Treasure Chest, Magic Orb, Cat, Monkey, or Fox triggers the Wild Reel feature and turns that entire reel a wild reel for the next spin at the same coin value. When a full stack of Book, Treasure Chest, Magic Orb, Cat, Monkey, or Fox symbols appears behind a Wild reel, that entire reel becomes wild for the next spin at the same coin value. Wild reels for the next base game do not transfer to the Free Spins Bonus . Wild reels for the next free spin do not transfer to the base game. Wild reels for the next free spin do not transfer to the next Free Spins Bonus session. In the Free Spins Bonus , the Wild Reel feature is even richer and more plentiful. Magic Wheel Bonus The Magic Wheel Bonus may trigger randomly on any base game spin that does not trigger the Free Spins Bonus . A single spin of the wheel is awarded. The wheel contains prize values, Royal and Grand Jackpot wedges. Prize values awarded in the Magic Wheel Bonus are multiplied by the coin value. Higher bets increase the values of the jackpots. Free Spins Bonus The Free Spins Bonus is triggered when three or more scattered Bonus symbols appear anywhere on three or more different reels. Triggering the Free Spins Bonus awards 10 to 45 free spins, depending on the number of Bonus symbols that appear in the triggering combination. The reels in the Free Spins Bonus have a richer, more plentiful Wild Reel feature than the base game reels. Number of Bonus Symbols Free Spins Awarded 3 10 4 12 5 14 6 16 7 18 8 20 9 22 10 24 11 26 12 28 13 30 14 32 15 34 16 36 17 38 18 45 19 45 20 45 The Free Spins Bonus is retriggered when three or more Bonus symbol appears anywhere on three or more different reels. The number of Bonus symbols appearing during the retrigger award an additional number of free spins based on the values shown in the Free Spins Awarded table. The bonus can be retriggered multiple times, up to a maximum of 300 free spins per bonus. Free spins are played at the same coin value and same number of paylines as the triggering spin. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel, except Lilly symbols which must appear on adjacent reels. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Lilly symbol combinations not beginning with the leftmost reel are paid additionally. Line wins are multiplied by coin value. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. RTP: The Theoretical Return to Player is 92.2% Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent except in cases where one spin unlocks a feature for a subsequent spin or series of spins, per the game rules. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. Last modification date: 12/27/2021