Icy Wilds Join the Ice Princess as you seek out the frozen riches of the wintry forest in Icy Wilds . Wins are sure to pile up from the Wilds feature. Whenever a full stack of the same symbol appears on a reel, that reel becomes wild on the next spin! The wins are even more bracing when the Free Spins Bonus is triggered: win up to 45 free spins, depending on the number of Bonus symbols that appear on the reels! How To Bet Icy Wilds features 50 paylines. TOTAL BET Displays the current bet value shown in currency. Press the button to reveal the Bet Menu and choose your bet amount from the values displayed. LINES Displays the current number of paylines selected. Betting is fixed at 50 paylines. SPIN Press SPIN to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current line bet and number of paylines selected. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until the STOP button is pressed, a bonus is triggered, or the balance is insufficient to spin again. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Synchronized Reels Feature Each reel in Icy Wilds includes large stacks of the same symbol. Before each spin, a reel set with one of the stacked symbols is randomly selected. Any symbol may appear in any stack, except the Bonus scatter symbol which already appears stacked on each reel. The same symbol may appear in large stacks on multiple reels on the same spin. When the same symbol appears in the stacks on adjacent reels, the potential for big wins increases. Wilds Feature A full stack of Crowns, Rings, Hearts, Snow Leopards, Snow Owls or Ermines triggers the Wilds feature and turns an entire reel Wild for the next spin with the same line bet. In the Free Spins Bonus, the Wilds feature is even richer and more plentiful. Free Spins Bonus The Free Spins Bonus is triggered by three or more scattered Bonus symbols appearing anywhere on three or more different reels. Triggering the Free Spins Bonus awards 10 to 45 free spins, depending on the number of Bonus symbols that appear in the triggering combination. The reels in the Free Spins Bonus have a richer, more plentiful Wilds feature than the base game reels. The Free Spins Bonus is retriggered when three or more Bonus symbols appear anywhere on three or more different reels. The bonus can be retriggered multiple times, up to a maximum of 250 free spins per bonus. Free spins are played at the same line bet and the same number of paylines as the triggering game. Options Sound Button Toggle sound on or off with this button. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the line bet on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Princess symbol combinations are paid for adjacent symbols. The highest Princess symbol combination on each payline is paid, even if the combination does not start with the left most reel. Coinciding line wins starting with the leftmost reel are paid in addition to the highest Princess symbol win. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the Free Spins Bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. The Theoretical return to player (RTP) is 96.15% Last modification date: 10/12/2021