In Bloom INTRODUCTION Take a stroll among the flora and fauna for blossoming big wins! Win up to 15 of a kind on a single line with the Symbol Burst feature! After the reels resolve, any flower symbol can bloom from a single flower into 2, 3, 4, or even 5 flowers in the same symbol! Choose a flower garden for higher paying flowers or more free spins in the Garden Bonus! HOW TO BET In Bloom features 40 paylines. 40 LINES + FEATURE Displays the current number of paylines being played. Betting is fixed at 40 paylines which costs 50 coins. COIN VALUE Displays the current coin value as currency. Press the left arrow (-) to decrease the coin value. Press the right arrow (+) to increase the coin value. SPIN BUTTON Press to submit the bet and spin the reels. AUTO SPIN FEATURE Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of games at the current number of lines and the current coin value. Select the desired coin value, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many games to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of games until the STOP button is pressed, a bonus is triggered, or the balance is insufficient to spin again. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. SYMBOL BURST FEATURE With the Symbol Burst feature, after the reels resolve, flower symbols in a winning combination may bloom to reveal up to 5 flowers per symbol. A total of 15 possible symbols can appear on a payline. GARDEN BONUS The Garden Bonus is triggered by getting two or three butterflies on the centre column. Each Bonus scatter symbol counts as one butterfly. Get two or three Bonus scatter symbols on the centre column to trigger the Garden Bonus. Bonus scatter symbols are only found on column 3. The Garden Bonus may also be triggered if only one Bonus scatter symbol appears on the centre column and a butterfly flies onto the single Bonus scatter symbol, counting as two butterflies on the centre column. Triggering the Garden Bonus awards a choice between higher paying flower symbols or more free spins. During the free spins, only symbols of the chosen flower type appear on the reels. Choose from one of the following bonus options: Poppy Garden – 5 free spins Rose Garden – 8 free spins Calla Lily Garden – 10 free spins Water Lily Garden – 12 free spins The bonus cannot be retriggered. Free spins are played at same coin value and same number of lines as the triggering game. BONUS BUMP FEATURE After the free spins end, the Bonus Bump feature begins. Pick one item to reveal a bonus win between 1 and 50 times the total bet from the game that triggered the Garden Bonus. The bonus win is added to the total bonus win from the free spins. The Bonus Bump feature ends after the bonus win is revealed. OPTIONS Graphics Quality Adjust the quality of the graphics to get the optimal animation performance. BEST mode - Graphics look best, but performance may suffer. HIGH mode (default) - Optimal graphics and performance setting. MEDIUM mode - Lower quality but increased performance. LOW mode - Degraded graphics, but smoothest animation performance is achieved even on slower computers. RULES Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. Wins are evaluated after the symbols transform. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive columns, beginning with the far left column. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the coin value. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Only the highest scatter win is paid. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Scatter wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Wins are shown in currency. Regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the Free Spins Bonus plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately irrespective of any remaining free spins. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. Intellectual Property All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of IGT in the U.S. and/or other countries. © 2014 IGT. All rights reserved. Last modification date: 12/27/2021