Jeopardy Welcome to Jeopardy! Join your host Alex Trebek for this high-paying slot game based on the popular quiz show. With the Wild Rush Feature, the appearance of one Wild symbol means more are likely to follow, creating stacks of Wild symbols! Build your own free spins experience from picks in the Jeopardy! Board Bonus. Revealing Daily Doubles earns more picks for Wild symbols and even Wild columns. How to Bet Auto Spin Feature Wild Rush Feature Jeopardy! Board Bonus Options Rules Additional Information How to Bet Jeopardy! features 40 paylines for 60 coins. 40 LINES + FEATURE Displays the current number of coins being played. Betting is fixed at 40 paylines which costs 60 coins. COIN VALUE Displays the current coin value shown in currency. Press the left arrow (–) to decrease the coin value. Press the right arrow (+) button to increase the coin value. Spin Button Press to submit the bet and spin the reels. [ top ] Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of games at the current coin value. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many games to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of games until the STOP button is pressed, a bonus is triggered, or the balance is insufficient to spin again. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. [ top ] Wild Rush Feature Each symbol in the game is randomly generated from its own independent reel, with one very rewarding exception: Any time a Wild Jeopardy! symbol appears in a column, the symbol position immediately below that Wild is much more likely to turn into an additional Wild symbol. Earning stacks of Wilds has never been more exciting. The Wild Rush feature does not affect the chance of triggering the Jeopardy! Board Bonus. Enjoy the potential riches of this powerful feature in both the base and bonus games. [ top ] Jeopardy! Board Bonus The Jeopardy! Board Bonus is triggered by two or more Bonus scatter symbols in the centre column. More Bonus scatter symbols trigger richer picks on the Jeopardy! board. Start with three picks from the Jeopardy! board. Each Daily Double selected awards an additional pick. Make one pick from each column in order starting with the left-most column. Just Spin Baby awards free spins and contains two Daily Doubles . X Marks the Spot awards a multiplier to be applied to all wins during the free spins. Potpourri adds more free spins or increases the multiplier and contains two Daily Doubles . Wild About You determines which symbols will be wild on columns 2, 3, 4, and 5 during the free spins. Really Wild determines which column or columns will be entirely wild during the free spins. Options Graphics Quality : Adjust the quality of the graphics to get the optimal animation performance. BEST mode - Highest quality graphics, but performance may suffer. HIGH mode (default) - Balance graphics and performance setting. MEDIUM mode - Lower quality but increased performance. LOW mode - Minimal graphics, but smoothest animation performance is achieved even on slower computers. [ top ] Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive columns, beginning with the far left column. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the coin value. Only the highest scatter win is paid. Scatter pays are multiplied by the total bet. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Scatter wins are independent from payline wins and are also added to the total amount paid. Bonus scatter symbol appears on column 3 in the base game only. Wild symbol appears on columns 2, 3, 4, and 5 only. Any symbols turned wild in the Jeopardy! Board Bonus are wild on columns 2, 3, 4, and 5 only during the free spins. Any columns turned wild in the Jeopardy! Board Bonus are wild throughout the free spins. Reels used in the Free Spins Bonus are different from the reels used in the base game. Wins are shown in currency. Regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the Free Spins Bonus plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the Bonus, the Bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. [ top ] Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given spin of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next spin are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of spins by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. Intellectual Property "Jeopardy!" is a registered trademark of Jeopardy Productions, Inc. "Jeopardy!" ©2014 Jeopardy Productions, Inc. All Rights Reserved. All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of IGT in the U.S. and/or other countries. © 2014 IGT. All rights reserved. [ top ] Last modification date: 12/27/2021