Juicy Loot Gimme some of that Juicy Loot! Have a squishing good time matching fruits and completing juice orders for big scores. Can you beat your last score or earn more stars? Collect juice glasses in the base game to win sweet prizes in the bonus game - you might even win a scrumptious instant prize! How to Bet Ticket Cost Displays the current ticket cost. Press the left arrow (–) to decrease the ticket cost. Press the right arrow (+) to increase the ticket cost. Press BUY to deduct the ticket cost from the balance and play the game. The theoretical return to player of this game is 89.00%. How to Play Start with 25 moves. The objective is to complete juice orders by swapping fruit types to match them. One move is equal to one swap. When 3 or more fruits of the same type are matched in a row or column, they are cleared from the screen. Juice orders for each fruit type are shown on the screen. Fruits that are matched and cleared from the screen are collected in each fruit type’s juice order. For every 8, 25, and 40 fruits collected of one fruit type, a juice glass is awarded for a maximum of 3 juice glasses per fruit type. No additional juice glasses are awarded if more than 40 of a given fruit type are collected. A minimum of 5 juice glasses are awarded per game, with a maximum of 18. Each juice glass provides an additional pick in the bonus game. Once all 25 moves are completed, the bonus game starts. Reveal the filled juice glasses in the bonus game and match 3 prizes to win. If a purple instant win prize is revealed, the prize amount displayed is awarded instantly. Auto Swap Press AUTO SWAP to play the base game to completion automatically. Gameplay continues until all moves are completed. Press STOP at any point to continue to play the game manually. Reveal All Press REVEAL ALL to play the bonus game to completion automatically. Gameplay continues until all picks are revealed and all prizes awarded. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. Instant wins are added to total winning prize values. Wins display as currency. Player choices made during gameplay do not affect the game’s outcome. Additional Information Intellectual Property © 2020 IGT. All rights reserved. All other trademarks used herein are owned by IGT or its affiliates, may not be used without permission, and where indicated with a ®, are registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. Last updated 23 January 2020 The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 or 10,000xBet - whichever is reached first (depending on currency. Other Operator limits may apply). Last modification date: 6/5/2020