Kitty Glitter Grand How to Bet Bet Settings Menu Press the cog or TOTAL BET to open the Bet Settings menu. Coins Displays the current number of coins being played. Betting is fixed at 30 paylines. Coin Value Displays the current coin value shown in currency. Total Bet Displays the current total bet shown in currency. Change by selecting the desired total bet. On desktop devices, optionally press the minus button (–) to decrease the total bet or press the plus button (+) to increase the total bet. Press OK to confirm and close the Bet Settings menu. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current bet. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins and where available, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN, and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Random Wild Feature The Random Wild feature may trigger on any base game that contains 1 or more Diamond Scatter Symbols in any position on reel 5 and that does not award any line wins before the feature is applied and does not trigger the Wheel Bonus. If the Random Wild feature is triggered, 1 of the following symbols is selected to transform: White Persian, Orange Tabby, Calico, Gray Shorthair, or Siamese. All occurrences of the selected symbol on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5 turn wild. Line wins are evaluated after all symbol transformations are complete. Wheel Bonus and Super Wheel Bonus The Wheel Bonus is triggered when a Bonus Scatter Symbol appears in any position on reels 1 and 3, and a Diamond Scatter Symbol appears on reel 5 during the base game. During the Bonus, the Wheel Bonus is triggered when a Bonus Scatter Symbol appears in any position on reels 1 or 3 and Diamond Scatter Symbol appears on reel 5, or a Bonus Scatter Symbol appears in any position on reels 1 and 3 and no Diamond Scatter Symbol appears on reel 5. During the Bonus, the upgraded Super Wheel Bonus is triggered when a Bonus Scatter Symbol appears in any position on reels 1 and 3 and a Diamond Scatter Symbol appears in any position on reel 5. Triggering the Wheel Bonus and Super Wheel Bonus awards 1 spin of the wheel. If the Wheel Bonus is triggered during the base game, after the wheel stops, the Bonus or prize indicated by the wheel pointer is awarded and the Wheel Bonus ends. If the Wheel Bonus is triggered during the Bonus, after the wheel stops, the extra spins, extra Diamonds, or prize indicated by the wheel pointer is awarded and the Wheel Bonus ends. If the Super Wheel Bonus is triggered during the Bonus, after the wheel stops, the extra spins or prize indicated by the wheel pointer is awarded and the Super Wheel Bonus ends. A different wheel is used when the Wheel Bonus is triggered during the Bonus. A different wheel is used when the Wheel Bonus is triggered during the Bonus and all 3 Diamonds are filled in next to all 5 Cat Symbols. A different wheel is used for the Super Wheel Bonus. Bonus Spins, Spins +1 Diamond, Spins +2 Diamonds, or Spins +3 Diamonds awarded in the Wheel Bonus triggers the Bonus with 0, 1, 2, or 3 Diamonds, respectively, filled next to the White Persian Cat Symbol on the on-screen accumulator. 15 spins are awarded. The Bonus is played on the same lines at same coin value as the triggering spin. During the Bonus, each Diamond Scatter Symbol in any position on reel 5 fills in one diamond next to a symbol in the on-screen accumulator. Symbols fill sequentially from left to right. If 3 Diamonds are filled next to a symbol, all occurrences of the corresponding White Persian, Orange Tabby, Calico, Gray Shorthair, or Siamese Cat Symbol on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5 transform into Wild White Persian, Orange Tabby, Calico, Gray Shorthair, or Siamese Cat Symbols, respectively for the current and remaining spins. If any symbols transform, wins are evaluated after the transformations are complete. If the Wheel Bonus is triggered during the Bonus and +3, +5, or +15 spins are indicated by the pointer, 3, 5, or 15 extra spins are awarded, respectively. If the Super Wheel Bonus is triggered and +15 spins is indicated by the pointer, 15 extra spins are awarded. If the Wheel Bonus is triggered during the Bonus and awards extra Diamonds, 2 or 3 Diamonds may be filled in next to a symbol. If the Wheel Bonus or Super Wheel Bonus is triggered during the Bonus, the spins continue after the completion of the Wheel Bonus or Super Wheel Bonus. Line wins on the triggering spin are evaluated after the Wheel Bonus or Super Wheel Bonus completes. The Bonus can be retriggered multiple times, up to a maximum of 999 spins per bonus. Different reels are used during the Bonus. Reels are determined at the start of each spin. Options All Sound Toggle game sounds on or off. Sound Effects Toggle sound effects on or off. Music Toggle music on or off. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far-left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins shown at current bet. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Logo and Diamond Symbols are wild and substitute for all symbols except Bonus and Diamond Symbols. Wild Cat Symbols are wild and substitute for all symbols except Bonus and Diamond Symbols. Wild Cat Symbols appear on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5 only. Bonus Symbol appears on reels 1 and 3 only. Diamond Symbol appears on reel 5 only. An increased number of diamonds in the bowl has no effect on game play. Wins are shown in currency. In this game, the wheel is a graphical animation for entertainment purposes only and does not represent an actual wheel. The chances of obtaining a specific segment are therefore not equiprobable. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there may be an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining spins. RTP percentage for this game is 94.10% Last modification date: 9/26/2025