King of Macedonia The world’s greatest commander is calling you to join the next campaign! Offer your sword to Alexander the Great as you seek to expand the Empire and discover ancient treasure. Enjoy the huge win potential of the Gigantic Wilds feature, offering 2x5 stacks of Wild symbols that give you even more chances to win. Trigger the King Free Spins Bonus and earn 8 free spins when the Bonus symbol appears on reel 1, along with 1 or more Gigantic Wilds symbols anywhere on reels 2 to 5. The triggering Gigantic Wilds symbols remain locked in place during the entire bonus, granting the possibility of even more imperial rewards. How To Bet Gigantic Wilds Feature King Free Spins Bonus Multiplier Feature Rules Additional Information How To Bet King Of Macedonia features 40 fixed paylines and a fixed side bet for 80 coins. Total Bet Displays the current bet value shown in currency. Press to reveal the Bet Menu and choose a bet amount. Spin Press to submit the bet and spin the reels. [ Top ] Gigantic Wilds Feature The Gigantic Wilds symbol is five symbols high, two reels wide, and contains 10 individual Wild symbols. When it appears, it replaces adjacent symbols on the reel to its right. The Gigantic Wilds symbols appear on reels 2 and 4 only, and substitute for all symbols except the Bonus symbol. [ Top ] King Free Spins Bonus The King Free Spins Bonus is triggered when a Bonus symbol appears on the first reel in combination with any number of scattered Gigantic Wilds symbols. Bonus symbol appears on reel 1 in the base game only. The King Free Spins Bonus awards 8 free spins. Any symbol positions that contained Gigantic Wilds symbols when the bonus was triggered become Locked Wilds and remain wild for the entire bonus. The King Free Spins Bonus cannot be retriggered. The King Free Spins Bonus is played on special bonus reels that also contain Gigantic Wilds symbols. Free spins are played at the same total bet as the triggering spin. [ Top ] Multiplier Feature When the Bonus symbol appears on the first reel, without any scattered Gigantic Wilds symbols, a random multiplier (2x, 3x, 5x, or 10x) appears on the Bonus symbol and multiplies any wins. [ Top ] Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. Line wins pay from left to right. Line wins are multiplied by the line bet on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Bonus wins are added to line wins, and only the highest winning combination is paid. Wins are shown in currency. Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except the Bonus symbol. Wild symbol appears on reels 2 and 4 only. Bonus symbol appears on reel 1 in the base game only. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the King Free Spins Bonus plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. [ Top ] Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent, except in cases where one spin unlocks a feature for a subsequent spin or series of spins, per the game rules. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. Intellectual Property © 2017 IGT. All rights reserved. All other trademarks used herein are owned by IGT or its affiliates, may not be used without permission, and where indicated with a ®, are registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. [ Top ] Last modification date: 12/27/2021