Kitty Glitter Introduction Move over dogs - cats are a man's and woman's best friend! If you like lots of wild symbols, Kitty Glitter™ is the purr-fect game for you. Kitty Glitter™ features 30 paylines, four lucky cats and a Free Spins Bonus in which all four cat symbols can become wild! Trigger the Free Spins Bonus by getting 3 Bonus symbols anywhere on the middle three reels. Start the Bonus with 15 free spins with the opportunity to retrigger the bonus multiple times. Collect wild diamond symbols and watch as more and more cat symbols become wild! With potentially every cat symbol becoming wild, every spin can explode with wins. By bonus end, your total win could leap into a fortune. Kitty Glitter™ will have you purring with delight! How To Bet Kitty Glitter™ features 30 paylines. You can choose how much to bet per line and how many lines to play. You can also use auto spin to play the game for you. LINE BET Displays current bet per line shown in currency. Click the left arrow (with a minus sign) to decrease bet per line. Click the right arrow (with a plus sign) to increase bet per line. Clicking the left and right arrows does not necessarily decrease or increase your line bet in a linear fashion. Rather, your line bet decreases or increases at preset increments which represent the most popular bet amounts. SPIN Click to spin the reels and submit your bet. LINES Displays current number of paylines selected. Click the left arrow (with a minus sign) to decrease the number of paylines played. Click the right arrow (with a plus sign) to increase number of paylines played. Choose between 1, 5, 9, 15, or 30 paylines. Click the SPIN button to spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of games at the current number of lines and line bet. Once you have selected your desired number of lines and line bet, click AUTO SPIN and choose how many games you want to play. Auto Spin will keep playing the specified number of games until you click the STOP button, you trigger a Bonus, or your balance is insufficient to spin again. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Free Spins Bonus Get 3 Bonus symbols anywhere on the middle three reels to trigger the Free Spins Bonus. Start the Bonus with 15 free spins and enjoy super-rich reels. Get 3 Bonus symbols anywhere on the middle three reels to retrigger the Bonus for another 15 free spins. You can retrigger the Bonus multiple times, up to a maximum of 225 spins. The Diamond symbol is wild in the Bonus, and every time one appears on the fifth reel it is saved in a special on-screen accumulator. Collect 3 Diamonds total and all White Persian cat symbols become wild on reels 2 through 5. The White Persian cats become wild on the spin the third Diamond is collected and for all subsequent spins in the Bonus. Furthermore, every additional set of three Diamonds upgrades an additional cat: 3 Diamonds: the White Persian is wild on reels 2 through 5 6 Diamonds: the Orange Tabby is also wild on reels 2 through 5 9 Diamonds: the Calico is also wild on reels 2 through 5 12 Diamonds: the Siamese is also wild on reels 2 through 5 After 12 Diamond symbols have been collected, no more Diamonds can be collected, but the Diamond symbol remains wild. Once the Bonus ends, all Diamond accumulators are emptied. Options Graphics Quality Adjust the quality of the graphics to get the optimal animation performance. BEST mode - Graphics look best, but performance may suffer. HIGH mode (default) - Optimal graphics and performance setting. MEDIUM mode - Lower quality but increased performance. LOW mode - Degraded graphics, but smoothest animation performance is achieved even on slower computers. Rules Malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. All payline wins occur on bet lines only. Only highest winner paid on each payline. Only one award paid per payline. Line wins are multiplied by the line bet on the winning line. Coinciding wins on different paylines are added. Awards are shown in currency. In the Free Spins Bonus, cat symbols that have become wild are only wild on reels 2 through 5. When you have collected enough diamonds to make a given cat symbol wild, that cat symbol becomes wild on that spin immediately and for all subsequent spins in the Bonus. Regardless of your bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the Free Spins Bonus plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the Bonus, the Bonus may end early before all free spins have been completed. RTP:- 94.92% Last modification date: 7/28/2021