Kitty Kollect Kitty Kollect Game Rules (1.7 - 23-December-2024 ) 1. Overview The goal is to obtain a winning combination on a winning line spread across the reels. Game specifications : Type Slots Number of reels 5 Number of rows 3 (5 in special layout) Number of lines 25 (50 in special layout) Number of coins you can bet Bet: 25 Side Bet: 30 Progressive No Double feature No Auto spin feature Yes Wild symbols Yes Multiplier symbols Yes Scatter symbols Yes ( Green Paw / Red Paw / Purple Paw) Bonus round No Free s pins Yes Instant win No RTP Normal Game: 94.02 % Side bet: 94.03 % Bonus buy: 94.16 % Super Bonus buy: 94.17 % The game disconnects if you do not take any actions for a specific number of consecutive minutes (this number varies depending on jurisdiction); the session recovery feature will save the game progress so that the next time the game is loaded, you can continue where you left off. In the event of technical difficulties resulting in a dropped connection to the game server, the game you were playing is saved automatically and will load the next time you establish a connection to the game server. You will not be able to reconnect to the game server for the first 30 seconds after the disconnection. Note : In case of malfunction all pays and play are voided; any bet that was not yet accepted will be voided, any bet that was unsettled will be refunded. 2. How to Play Note: If you do not have enough money to play a game, the bet can be set to the minimum selectable amount through a dialog window informing about this. All winning lines pay from left to right, beginning with the far-left reel. All line win symbols must appear on consecutive reels. Wins on different lines are all added. Only the highest winning combination on each line is paid.Winnings from Free Spins are added to the total win. The auto spin feature does not automatically start free spins - player input is required (Available only for specific jurisdictions). On the info bar, you can view the current BET, your BALANCE and your current WIN, displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 2.1. Desktop version To play, follow these steps: Click on the main screen, and then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value. Click to save the settings and return to the main screen. Note: The total BET is displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). Click to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won will be shown in the WIN field from the info bar, in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 2.2. Mobile version To play, follow these steps: Tap on the main screen, then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value. Tap to save the settings and return to the main screen. Note: The total BET is displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won will be shown in the WIN field from the info bar, in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. To toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 3. Special Symbols and Features 3.1. Wild Wild can substitute for any standard paying symbol. 3.2. Tasty Treats One or more Green Paw Scatters may randomly trigger the Tasty Treats feature, awarding 9 Free Spins . Gold Coin symbol contains cash prizes and can land on Reels 1, 2, 3 & 4. Cash Boost symbol can appear and boost all the coin values on that spin by x2. Collect symbol appears only on reel 5 and will collect all Gold Coin prizes in view. Tasty Treats feature cannot re-trigger. Cash Prizes in total bet: 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 7x, 10x, 12x, 15x, 20x. 3.3. Meow or Never One or more Red Paw Scatters may randomly trigger the Meow or Never feature, awarding 9 Free Spins . Each Fish Bowl symbol that lands will add one fish of a random colour to the Cash Awards panel. Fill all 4 spots of MINI / MINOR or all 5 spots of MAJOR / GRAND to win the relevant Cash Award . More than one Fish Bowl can land on the same spin. Meow or Never feature cannot re-trigger. Fish Collected Award Red fish x5 Win GRAND Cash Award Purple fish x5 Win MAJOR Cash Award Blue fish x4 Win MINOR CASH Award Green fish x4 Win MINI Cash Award 3.4. Paw-some Wilds One or more Purple Paw Scatters may randomly trigger the Paw-Some Wilds feature, awarding 9 Free Spins played on 50 lines. Paw-Some Wild can substitute for any standard paying symbol. On the first free spin, one Paw-Some Wild is added. More Paw-Some Wilds can randomly be added on each spin, also awarding +1 Free Spin . Each Paw-Some Wild is assigned a random multiplier of x2 or x3, which stays the same until the end of Free Spins . Paw-Some Wilds are roaming and will randomly change position on each Free Spin . If a Paw-Some Wild is included in a win, its multiplier will be applied to the winning line. Paw-Some Wilds are additive of one another. 3.5. 2 Kitty Pots Feature If at least 2 different colour Paw Scatters land, any combination of 2 core features can be randomly triggered. Triggering Symbols 2 Kitty Pots Feature Awarded Green Paw Scatter / Purple Paw Scatter Tasty Treats & Paw-Some Wilds Green Paw Scatter / Red Paw Scatter Tasty Treats & Meow or Never Purple Paw Scatter / Red Paw Scatter Paw-Some Wilds & Meow or Never If any 2 Kitty Pots Feature is triggered, 9 Free Spins are awarded. All rules associated with the corresponding individual features apply. 3.6. 3 Kitty Pots Feature If all 3 different colour Paw Scatters land, the 3 Kitty Pots feature can be randomly triggered. Triggering Symbols 3 Kitty Pots Feature Awarded Green Paw Scatter / Red Paw Scatter / Purple Paw Scatter Tasty Treats, Meow or Never & Paw-Some Wilds If the 3 Kitty Pots feature is triggered, 12 Free Spins are awarded. All rules associated with the corresponding individual features apply. 3.7. Upgrade to Multi-Pot Features When any Kitty Pot is triggered, the corresponding Paw Scatter will not appear during Free Spin s. However, the other Paw Scatters will still be available and can randomly upgrade the feature. A single Pot Feature can upgrade to a 2 or 3 Pot Feature , while a 2 Pot Feature can upgrade to a 3 Pot Feature . Upgrading to a 2 Pot Feature will add extra spins to bring the total back to 9 Free Spins . Upgrading to a 3 Pot Feature will add extra spins to bring the total to 12 Free Spins . 3.8. Bonus Buy Bonus Buy costs 50 x Total Bet and will randomly trigger 1, 2 or all 3 Kitty Pots . Super Bonus Bu y costs 80 x Total Bet and will trigger all 3 Kitty Pots . 3.9. Side Bet Activate the Side Bet for more frequent bonus triggers. The Side Bet adds 20% (5 coins) on top of the base bet. Activating the Side Bet will not increase the paytable. 4. Other game buttons 4.1. Desktop version The following buttons are available: Click this button to toggle the game sound on or off. Click this button to open the PAYOUTS tab, where you can view several screens: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in either credit or your real currency - to toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area. information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts, or specific awards; the game lines and basic game rules. To navigate among the various screens in the PAYOUTS tab, click on the left and right arrows at the bottom of the screen. RULES In the last of the screens from the PAYOUTS tab, click this button to view detailed game rules, in a new browser window. (in real mode only) This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Click on it to view the gameplay history, in a new browser window. This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Click on it to close the game and to open the home website, in the same browser window. (available while the reels are spinning) Click this button to stop the reels earlier. (available during winning animations) Click this button to skip the winning animations. (available only for specific jurisdictions) Click this button to activate Turbo mode. The Turbo mode speeds up the gameplay - the spin time is reduced to a minimum. 4.2. Mobile version The following buttons are available: Tap this button to toggle the game sound on or off. Tap this button to open the PAYOUTS tab, where you can view several screens: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in either credit or your real currency - to toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area. information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts, or specific awards; the game lines and basic game rules. To navigate among the various screens in the PAYOUTS tab, tap on the left and right arrows at the bottom of the screen. RULES In the last of the screens from the PAYOUTS tab, tap this button to view detailed game rules, in a new browser window. (in real mode only) This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap on it to view the gameplay history in a new browser window. This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap on it to close the game and to open the home website, in the same browser window. (available while the reels are spinning) Tap this button to stop the reels earlier. (available during winning animations) Tap this button to skip the winning animations. (available only for specific jurisdictions) Tap this button to activate Turbo mode. The Turbo mode speeds up the gameplay - the spin time is reduced to a minimum. Last modification date: 3/25/2025