Little Green Men Nova Wilds They come in peace – with gifts! Prepare for interstellar visitors in Little Green Men Nova Wilds! These Little Green Men might appear and modify any spin for galactically-spectacular wins. Each Little Green Man has a different gadget and is ready to make your wins even more astronomical. These friendly visitors also have a few rewarding tricks up the sleeves of their spacesuits: there’s a chance that any modified win could be multiplied, up to 25x! Trigger the Free Spins Bonus and travel through hyperspace to a place where the reels are double-height and the modifying Little Green Men appear much more frequently! It’s intergalactic cooperation at its best in Little Green Men Nova Wilds! How To Bet Auto Spin Feature Synchronised Reels Feature Modifiers Feature Free Spins Bonus Rules Additional Information --> How to Bet Little Green Men Nova Wilds features 20 paylines. Bet Configuration Menu (mobile/tablet) Press the arrow to open the bet configuration menu. Press the check mark to confirm and close the bet configuration menu. Lines Displays the current number of paylines. Betting is fixed at 20 paylines. Line Bet Displays the current bet per line shown in currency. Bet Press the minus button (–) to decrease the bet. Press the plus button (+) to increase the bet. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current line bet. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Synchronized Reels Feature Each reel in Little Green Men Nova Wilds includes large stacks of the same symbol. Before each spin, a reel set with one of the stacked symbols is randomly selected. Any symbol may appear in any stack, except the Bonus scatter symbol and Wild symbol. The same symbol may appear in large stacks on multiple reels on the same spin. Modifier Feature Any of the following Modifier features can be triggered on any spin. Only one modifier can be triggered at a time. Horizontal Wilds Three or more symbols on the same row are replaced with Wild symbols. In the Free Spins Bonus , it is possible for symbols to be replaced on two rows. Vertical Wilds Two or more whole reels turn into a full stack of Wild symbols. Giant Wilds One or two 2x2 block(s) of symbols in the base game, and 3x3 block(s) of symbols in the Free Spins Bonus , are replaced with Wild symbols. Re-spin Awards an additional spin with upgraded symbols. All the symbols that are included in the line win(s) of the triggering spin are upgraded with higher symbols. Symbols Upgraded Symbols Logo --> Wild --> Robot --> Logo --> Ray-gun --> Logo --> Helmet --> Logo --> Communicator --> Logo --> Ace --> Robot --> King --> Ray-gun --> Queen --> Helmet --> Jack --> Communicator --> Multipliers After a modifier triggers in the base game, a multiplier may appear: 2x, 5x, 10x, 25x. If the multiplier appears after the Re-spin modifier, both wins from the triggering spin and the re-spin are multiplied. Free Spins Bonus The Free Spins Bonus is triggered when three or more Bonus scatter symbols appear anywhere on the reels. These symbols can be found on every reel. Number of Bonus Symbols Free Spins Awarded 3 6 4 12 5 24 The Free Spins Bonus is retriggered when three or more Bonus scatter symbols appear anywhere on the reels. Number of Bonus Symbols Additional Free Spins Awarded 3 6 4 12 5 24 The bonus can be retriggered multiple times, up to a maximum of 120 free spins per bonus. Reels used in the Free Spins Bonus are different from the reels used in the base game. Free spins are played at the same line bet as the triggering spin and with 40 paylines. Modifiers appear much more frequently in the Free Spins Bonus . Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the line bet on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Wild symbol appears on each reel in the base game. Wild symbol appears on each reel in the Free Spins Bonus . Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. RTP:94.1% Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent, except in cases where one spin unlocks a feature for a subsequent spin or series of spins, per the game rules. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. top ]--> Paytable Little Green Men Nova Wilds Pattern Wins 24 pays 25,000. Pattern wins multiplied by coin value. Line wins are not paid in addition to pattern wins. --> Base Game and Free Spin Bonus Wins 5 4 3 2 500 250 30 5 250 40 20 250 40 20 100 25 15 100 25 15 75 20 7 75 20 7 50 10 5 50 10 5 is wild and substitutes for all symbols except . Line wins pay left to right. Line wins multiplied by line bet. Modifier Feature Any of the following Modifier features can be triggered on any spin. Only one modifier can be triggered at a time. Horizontal Wilds Three or more symbols on the same row are replaced with Wild symbols. In the Free Spins Bonus , it is possible for symbols to be replaced on two rows. Vertical Wilds Two or more whole reels turn into a full stack of Wild symbols. Giant Wilds One or two 2x2 block(s) of symbols in the base game, and 3x3 block(s) of symbols in the Free Spins Bonus , are replaced with Wild symbols. Re-spin Awards an additional spin with upgraded symbols. All the symbols that are included in the line win(s) of the triggering spin are upgraded with higher-paying symbols. Symbols Upgraded Symbols Multiplier After a modifier triggers in the base game, a multiplier may appear: 2x, 5x, 10x, 25x. If the multiplier appears after the Re-spin modifier, both wins are multiplied. Free Spins Bonus 3, 4, or 5 in any position on the reels trigger 6, 12, or 24 free spins in the Free Spins Bonus . Additional free spins can be triggered during the bonus. More frequent Modifier features, double the reel height, and double the paylines than the base game. Paylines Paylines in the base game: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 Paylines in the Free Spins Bonus : 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 Payback Information In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent except in cases where one spin unlocks a feature for a subsequent spin or series of spins, per the game rules. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given spin of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next spin are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of spins by numerous players over an extended period of time. For this game, the long-term, theoretically expected payback is from 92.04% to 96.20%. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback may be experienced. The expected payback value is also based upon correct player choices for any games which involve main game and/or bonus game play strategy. The maximum win on any transaction including the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus, is capped at $250,000.00 .