Lucky Larry’s Lobstermania 2 Trawl the seas for cash in Lucky Larry's Lobstermania 2! Raise your nets to find delicious Wilds, Jackpots, and Multipliers all tangled together in this buffet of features and gargantuan rewards. Trigger the Bonus and take off to the exotic locales of Lucky Larry's Buoy Bonus 2 in search of the elusive golden lobster. Each location gives grand rewards but also offers a chance at the lucrative Golden Lobster Bonus, unique to every location. Or, if you prefer, take a ride on Lucky Larry's Free Spins Bonus and embark on free spins with reels swarming with juicy Wild Lobsters. How to Bet Auto Spin Feature Jackpot Feature Multiplier Feature Bonus Trigger Lucky Larry's Buoy Bonus 2 Golden Lobster Bonus Lucky Lobster's Free Spins Bonus Rules Additional Information How to Bet Lucky Larry's Lobstermania 2 features 40 paylines for 60 coins. 40 LINES + FEATURES Displays the current number of coins being played. Betting is fixed at 40 paylines which costs 60 coins. COIN VALUE Displays the current coin value shown in currency. Press the left arrow (–) to decrease the coin value. Press the right arrow (+) to increase the coin value. Spin Button Press to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current coin value. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN, and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until the STOP button is pressed, a bonus is triggered, or the balance is insufficient to spin again. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Jackpot Feature On any spin in the base game, the Jackpot header may appear over any symbol except the Bonus symbol on any reel. Symbols with a Jackpot header substitute for their respective symbols and pay a Jackpot win if appearing on 3 or more consecutive reels on any spin. Jackpot wins are multiplied by coin value. Only one Jackpot award may be paid per spin. Jackpot wins are not available during Lucky Lobster's Free Spins Bonus. Multiplier Feature On any spin in the base game, a 5x multiplier may appear over a Buoy, Boat, Lighthouse, or Boathouse symbol. Or, a 3x multiplier may appear over a Buoy, Boat, or Lighthouse symbol. Any line win that a multiplier is part of is multiplied by the multiplier. Multiplier symbols only appear on reel 3. Bonus Trigger On any spin in the base game, Bonus symbols can appear on reels 1, 2, or 3. The bonus is triggered when 3 Bonus symbols are part of a payline win. After triggering the bonus, a picker screen appears with two choices: Lucky Larry's Buoy Bonus 2 or Lucky Lobster's Free Spins Bonus. The picker awards 40x to 95x the coin value of the triggering spin. At the end of the entire bonus, all wins in the bonus are multiplied by the number of lines that initially triggered the bonus. Lucky Larry's Buoy Bonus 2 If Lucky Larry's Buoy Bonus 2 is chose after the bonus is triggered, three location choices are offered: Brazil, Australia, or Maine. Once a location is selected, 2 to 4 buoy picks are awarded. Each buoy contains 2 to 4 lobsters that award 10x to 575x the coin value of the triggering spin or the golden lobster. The golden lobster awards the Octopus, Kangaroo, or Pelican Bonus depending on which location was picked at the start of the Buoy Bonus. The Buoy Bonus ends and any additional bonus awards (Octopus, Kangaroo, or Pelican Bonus) begin when no lobsters remain. Only one golden lobster bonus may be awarded per bonus trigger. Golden Lobster Bonus If the player picks a golden lobster during the Buoy Bonus, the Octopus, Kangaroo, or Pelican Bonus is awarded depending on the location picked when entering the bonus. Australia's Kangaroo Bonus: Revealing a golden lobster in Australia awards the Kangaroo Bonus. Each kangaroo pays 50x to 250x the triggering coin value. Pick kangaroos until a chosen kangaroo reveals the golden lobster. The cumulative win values of all the selected kangaroos is awarded. The golden lobster pays 200x the triggering coin value. Brazil's Octopus Bonus: Revealing the golden lobster in Brazil awards the Octopus Bonus. Each chest contains a multiplier ranging from 1x to 5x. Pick chests until the chest with the golden lobster is selected. The award is 200x the triggering coin value multiplied by the last multiplier picked from a chest before picking the golden lobster. If the golden lobster is picked on the first pick, the award is 200x the triggering coin value. Maine's Pelican Bonus: Revealing the golden lobster in Maine awards the Pelican Bonus. Each pelican pays 160x to 625x the triggering coin value. After picking a pelican that doesn't contain the 625x award value, choose to accept the offered reward or to reject the offered reward and pick again. The Pelican Bonus ends when the 625x award is selected, when an offer is accepted, or when the award picked on the third pick is awarded automatically. Lucky Lobster's Free Spins Bonus If the player chooses Lucky Lobster's Free Spins Bonus after triggering the bonus, they are awarded 5 free spins with extra rich reels. Three Bonus symbols appearing on a payline win during the Free Spins Bonus awards 5 additional free spins. The Free Spins Bonus can be retriggered multiple times, up to a maximum of 240 free spins per bonus. There is no Jackpot feature or Multiplier feature in the Free Spins Bonus. Free spins are played at the same coin value as the triggering spin. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. Line wins pay left to right. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the coin value. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Jackpot wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Bonus symbol appears on reels 1, 2, and 3 only. Triggering the bonus on multiple lines multiplies the cumulative wins from the bonus by the number of triggering lines. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the free spins, the free spins end immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. The theoretical return to player of this game is 96.52% Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given spin of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next spin are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of spins by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. Intellectual Property Lucky Larry’s Lobstermania 2 was created by King Show Games, Inc. For more information on King Show Games (KSG), go to www.ksg.com. All trademarks are owned and/or registered by IGT and/or its licensors in the U.S. and/or other countries. © 2015 IGT. All rights reserved. Last modification date: 12/27/2021