Lion Safari Join an African safari adventure! Film wild animals in their natural habitat while tracking big wins in Lion Safari ! This exciting MultiWay game has 6 reels and 4096 ways to win. The King Line feature offers a separate feature payline for King Line Symbols and a respin triggered by winning combinations. The Stampede feature might trigger randomly and boost your win! How to Bet Lion Safari offers 4096 ways to win. Bet Settings Menu Press the cog or TOTAL BET to open the Bet Settings menu. 4096 Ways Displays the current number of ways being played. Betting is fixed at 4096 ways. Coins Displays the current number of coins being played. Coin Value Displays the current coin value shown in currency. Change by selecting the desired total bet. On desktop devices, optionally press the minus button (–) to decrease the coin value or press the plus button (+) to increase the coin value. Press OK to confirm and close the Bet Settings menu. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at 4096 ways and the current coin value. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins and where available, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. King Line Feature The King Line feature is a separate feature payline above the reels. King Line Symbols are symbols on the main reels with a Movie Reel Sub-Symbol. King Line Symbols transfer to the King Line in the order that they appear from left to right. Only King Line Symbols transfer to the King Line. King Line win symbols must appear consecutively on the King Line beginning with the leftmost symbol position. Winning combinations of 3 or more symbols on the King Line trigger a respin of the first available reel on the King Line, starting where the match stops. During the respin, only blanks or matching symbols may appear. If a matching symbol appears, a respin of the next reel is triggered. Respins will continue until the King Line is filled or a blank appears. A line win on the King Line is multiplied by the King Line multiplier. Number of Matching King Line Symbols King Line Multiplier 3 20 4 25 5 30 6 50 During the Free Spins Bonus , the King Line multiplier begins at x30 and increments by x1 when a King Line Symbol appears on the reels. The King Line multiplier does not increment during respins. King Line Symbols clear before each spin. Only the highest win is paid on the King Line. Stampede Feature During the base game, the screen may shake and reveal a MultiWay winning combination or a King Line winning combination. MultiWay Feature With the MultiWay feature, there are 4096 ways to win on every spin. MultiWay wins pay for matching symbols in any position in adjacent columns, starting from the leftmost column. More than 1 matching symbol in the same column multiplies the award. The Wild Symbol substitutes for all symbols except for the Movie Reel Sub-Symbols and Bonus Symbols. Only the highest paying MultiWay win for each symbol is paid per spin. Example of a MultiWay payout: The following diagram shows a sample reel outcome using the Ace Symbol. Because there is at least 1 Ace or Wild Symbol in each of the first 4 columns, the player has won the 4 Ace MultiWay win which pays 5 coins per way. Payout example: 1 x 2 x 3 x 1 Aces = 6 winning ways: Column 1 Column 2 Column 3 Column 4 Column 5 Column 6 Ace Ace Ace Ace Wild Wild Ace 1 Ace 2 Aces 3 Aces 1 Ace To determine the payout for this combination: Count the number of Ace and Wild Symbols in each column. Calculate the total number of winning ways (1 x 2 x 3 x 1 = 6). Multiply the number of ways by the 4 Ace Symbol win (6 x 5 = 30). The win is 30 coins. The actual amount won in currency is based on the coin value. Free Spins Bonus The Free Spins Bonus is triggered when 3 or more Bonus Scatter Symbols appear anywhere on the reels. Number of Bonus Symbols Free Spins Awarded 3 7 4 10 5 15 6 20 The Free Spins Bonus is retriggered when 3 or more Bonus Scatter Symbols appear anywhere on the reels. Number of Bonus Symbols Additional Free Spins Awarded 3 7 4 10 5 15 6 20 The bonus can be retriggered multiple times, up to a maximum of 350 free spins per bonus. Reels used in the Free Spins Bonus are different from the reels used in the base game. Free spins are played at same coin value as the triggering spin. Options All Sound Toggle game sounds on or off. Sound Effects Toggle sound effects on or off. Music Toggle music on or off. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. MultiWay wins pay for the same symbol in any position in adjacent columns. Same symbol in same column multiplies win. MultiWay wins pay left to right. Only the highest paying MultiWay win for each symbol is paid per spin. Coinciding MultiWay wins from different symbols are added. MultiWay wins are multiplied by the coin value. King Line feature wins are multiplied by the coin value. Wild Symbol appears on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5 in the base game. Wild Symbol appears on reels 2, 3, 4, 5, and 6 in the Free Spins Bonus . Wild Symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols except Movie Reel Sub-Symbols and Bonus Scatter Symbols. Bonus wins are independent from MultiWay wins and are added to the total amount paid. King Line feature wins are independent from MultiWay wins and are added to the total amount paid. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there may be an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. Last modification date: 6/19/2024