Lucky Larry's Lobstermania Lucky Larry's Lobstermania How to Bet Bet Settings Menu Press the cog or TOTAL BET to open the Bet Configuration menu. Coins Displays the current number of coins being played. Betting is fixed at 15 paylines. Coin Value Displays the current coin value shown in currency. Total Bet Displays the current total bet shown in currency. Select the desired total bet to change. Press OK to confirm and close the Bet Settings menu. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current total bet. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins and where available, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. Select the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN, and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Buoy Bonus 3 Buoy Bonus Symbols appearing on reels 1, 2, and 3 on a payline trigger the Buoy Bonus. Select 1 of the 3 symbols to reveal 2 to 4 picks in the Buoy Bonus. Pick buoys to reveal 2 to 3 lobsters that contain prizes. When all picks are made, win the total amount revealed by all selected buoys. Options All Sound Toggle game sounds on or off. Sound Effects Toggle sound effects on or off. Music Toggle music on or off. Voice Toggle voiceover on or off. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far-left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins shown at the current bet. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Only the highest scatter win is paid per Scatter Symbol. Scatter wins are shown at the current bet. Coinciding scatter wins are added. Scatter and bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Buoy Bonus Symbols appear on reels 1, 2, and 3 only. Wild Symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols except Buoy Bonus and Scatter Symbol. Wild symbol appears on reels 1, 2, 3, 4 and 5. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there may be an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately. RTP - 94.01% Last modification date: 10/7/2025