Little Green Men Warp Reactor Explore interstellar riches in Little Green Men Warp Reactor ! Match 3 or more adjacent planets of the same color to create clusters. The clusters disappear and the score for each planet increases as new planets fall in from above. Win a prize when you collect enough planets of the same color. Trigger the Warp Bonus when you collect 4 UFOs – you might even win a prize instantly! Collect 4 asteroids and trigger the Whirl Bonus: the planets may shift position on the grid, where they may be randomly collected or create new clusters and even better chances at winning a prize! How to Bet RTP: 93.00% Ticket Cost Displays the current ticket cost. Press the left arrow (–) to decrease the ticket cost. Press the right arrow (+) to increase the ticket cost. Press BUY to deduct the ticket cost from the balance and play the game. How to Play The object of Little Green Men Warp Reactor is to match 3 or more adjacent planets of the same color. When 3 or more identical planets are adjacent in the grid, they create clusters. The clusters are removed and the score for each planet color increases accordingly. Collect the required number of any planet to win a prize. Multiple prizes are available for each planet color. Collect 4 UFOs to trigger the Warp Bonus and collect additional planets. Reveal a Star symbol to win a prize instantly. Collect 4 asteroids to trigger the Whirl Bonus. Planets may change position on the grid, where they may be randomly collected or form new clusters. Any awarded bonus game triggers when no clusters remain on the grid. Play ends when no clusters remain on the grid and all the bonus games are completed. A message appears indicating the game's outcome. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. Instant wins are added to total winning prize values. Wins are shown in currency. Player choices made during gameplay do not affect the game's outcome. Additional Information Intellectual Property © 2020 IGT. All rights reserved. All other trademarks used herein are owned by IGT or its affiliates, may not be used without permission, and where indicated with a ®, are registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. Last updated 31 March 2020. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 6/29/2020