Loaded 7's Loaded 7’s is a 5-reel MultiWay game featuring the Wild Stays Until It Pays feature. During the Free Spins Bonus, Wild Symbols stay on the reels until they are part of a winning combination, or the bonus ends! How to Bet Loaded 7's offers 243 ways to win. Bet Settings Menu Press the cog to open the bet settings menu. RTP: 92.38% 243 WAYS Displays the current number of ways being played. Betting is fixed at 243 ways. Coins Displays the current number of coins being played. Coin Value Displays the current coin value shown in currency. To change the bet: Select the desired total bet. On desktop devices, press the minus button (–) to decrease the coin value, or press the plus button (+) to increase the coin value. Press OK to confirm and close the bet settings menu. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at 243 ways and the current coin value. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins and where available, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN, and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. MultiWay Feature With the MultiWay feature, there are 243 ways to win on every spin. MultiWay wins pay for matching symbols in any position in adjacent columns, starting from the leftmost column. More than 1 matching symbol in the same column multiplies the award. The Wild Symbol substitutes for all symbols except for the Bonus Symbol. Only the highest paying MultiWay win for each symbol is paid per spin. Wild Stays Until It Pays Feature During the Free Spins Bonus, the Wild Stays Until It Pays feature is triggered. After each free spin, Wild Symbols not included in a winning combination lock in place. Wild Symbols remain locked until they are part of a winning combination or when the bonus ends. Free Spins Bonus The Free Spins Bonus is triggered when 3 or more Bonus Scatter Symbols appear anywhere on the reels. Number of Symbols Free Spins Awarded 3 10 4 15 5 20 The Free Spins Bonus is retriggered when 3 or more Bonus Scatter Symbols appear anywhere on the reels. Bonus Scatter Symbols that appear behind Wild Symbols do not count toward the retrigger. Number of Bonus Symbols Additional Free Spins Awarded 3 10 4 15 5 20 The bonus can be retriggered multiple times, up to a maximum of 90 free spins per bonus. Reels used in the Free Spins Bonus are different from the reels used in the base game. Free spins are played at same coin value as the triggering spin. Options All Sound Toggle game sounds on or off. Sound Effects Toggle sound effects on or off. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. MultiWay wins pay for the same symbol in any position in adjacent columns. Same symbol in same column multiplies win. MultiWay wins pay left to right. Only the highest paying MultiWay win for each symbol is paid per spin. Coinciding MultiWay wins from different symbols are added. MultiWay wins are multiplied by the coin value. Wild Symbol appears on reels 3, 4, and 5 in the base game and the Free Spins Bonus. Wild Symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols except Bonus Symbol in the base game and the Free Spins Bonus. Bonus wins are independent from MultiWay wins and are added to the total amount paid. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there may be an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. Last modification date: 1/3/2024