Lure of the Lamp Megaways 1. Overview The goal is to obtain a winning combination on a winning way spread across the reels. Game specifications : Type Slots Number of reels 6 + top tracker (4 symbols) Symbols per reel 2 to 7 (on Reels 1 and 6) 3 to 7 (on Reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 - includes top tracker) Number of ways Up to 117,649 Megaways™ Number of coins you can bet Bet: 20 Genie Bet: 25 Progressive No Double feature No Auto spin feature Yes Wild symbols Yes Multiplier symbols Yes Scatter symbols Yes ( Lamp Scatter ) Bonus round Yes Free s pins Yes Instant win No RTP Normal game: 94.00% Genie Bet:94.01% Bonus Buy: 94.02% The game disconnects if you do not take any actions for a specific number of consecutive minutes (this number varies depending on jurisdiction); the session recovery feature will save the game progress so that the next time the game is loaded, you can continue where you left off. In the event of technical difficulties resulting in a dropped connection to the game server, the game you were playing is saved automatically and will load the next time you establish a connection to the game server. You will not be able to reconnect to the game server for the first 30 seconds after the disconnection. Note : In case of malfunction all pays and play are voided; any bet that was not yet accepted will be voided, any bet that was unsettled will be refunded. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. 2.1. Desktop version To play, follow these steps: Click on the main screen, and then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value. Click to save the settings and return to the main screen. Note: The total BET is displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). Click to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won will be shown in the WIN field from the info bar, in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 2.2. Mobile version To play, follow these steps: Tap on the main screen, then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value. Tap to save the settings and return to the main screen. Note: The total BET is displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won will be shown in the WIN field from the info bar, in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. To toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 3. Special Symbols and Features 3.1. Megaways™ Megaways™ under license from Big Time Gaming. Each spin can have up to 117,649 ways to win. Wins are awarded for left to right adjacent symbols, starting on reel 1, regardless of size. 3.2. Lamp Scatter Any Lamp Scatter symbol can trigger Genie Modifiers ! Collect 3 Lamp Scatters from the top tracker in Free Spins to update the high paying symbols multiplier and award additional spins! 3.3. Wild Wild substitutes for any symbol except Lamp Scatter to form winning combinations. Wilds appear only on the top tracker. Wild will multiply any high paying symbols directly below it on a reel. 3.4. Top Tracker The horizontal tracker above the reels will add one symbol to each of reels 2, 3, 4 & 5. Multiplier symbols are only spawned from the top tracker. High paying symbols can be x2 on Reels 2, 3, 4 & 5 only and are spawned by any matching symbol in the top tracker or Wild . x3 Multipliers are only possible during Free Spins . x2 & x3 high paying symbols increase the number of symbols seen. 3.5. Cascading Wins Every winning symbol is part of a reaction and is replaced by cascading symbols from above the reels. Winning symbols on the horizontal top tracker will be replaced by symbols shifting from right to left. During cascading wins, the number of ways is fixed at the same amount as the initial winning spin. Lamp Scatter cannot be broken and will remain on screen until no more wins are formed. 3.6. Genie Modifiers During the base game, modifiers can be triggered by any Lamp Scatter . This will award a pick me where the player picks one lamp from three offered and reveals their prize: Free Spins : Free Spins is triggered. Prizes: Mini, Minor, Major or Mega will be awarded randomly. Max Megaways™: The Genie will grant a 117,649 Max Megaways™ spin. 3.7. Free Spins Land any Lamp Scatter to trigger the Genie Modifier. Genie Modifier can randomly trigger Free Spins , awarding 8, 10, 12, 14, 16, 18 or 20 spins. In Free Spins , the same rule of converting single to multiplier symbols from top tracker, both via high paying symbols or a Wild is active. Lamp Scatters land on top tracker only. In Free Spins , player is collecting Lamp Scatter - collection works over entirety of Free Spins and player can land 3 Lamp Scatters in one spin, or over multiple spins - it will lead to the same result, lamps will be added to the collection panels. Each collection will turn the symbol on the panel into a triple symbol, and award 2 extra Free Spins . Collection: Collecting 3 Lamp Scatters in any combo will turn single instance of the H5 into x3 multiplier H5 until the end of Free Spins and add + 2 extra spins . Collecting a further 3 Lamp Scatters in any combo will turn single instance of the H4 into x3 multiplier H4 until the end of Free Spins and add + 2 extra spins . Collecting a further 3 Lamp Scatters in any combo will turn single instance of the H3 into x3 multiplier H3 until the end of Free Spins and add + 2 extra spins . Collecting a further 3 Lamp Scatters in any combo will turn single instance of the H2 into x3 multiplier H2 until the end of Free Spins and add + 2 extra spins . Collecting a further 3 Lamp Scatters in any combo will turn single instance of the H1 into x3 multiplier H1 until the end of Free Spins and add + 2 extra spins . 3.8. Bonus Buy Bonus buy costs 75x total bet. The Bonus Buy is guaranteed to trigger the Free Spins with no other winnings. Awards 8, 10, 12, 14, 16, 18 or 20 Free Spins. 3.9. Genie Bet The Genie Bet adds 25% to the Total Bet and increases the chance of triggering features. The Genie Bet does not increase the paytable values or the prizes ( Mini, Minor, Major or Mega ). 4. Other game buttons 4.1. Desktop version The following buttons are available: Click this button to toggle the game sound on or off. Click this button to open the PAYOUTS tab, where you can view several screens: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in either credit or your real currency - to toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area. information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts, or specific awards; the game lines and basic game rules. To navigate among the various screens in the PAYOUTS tab, click on the left and right arrows at the bottom of the screen. RULES In the last of the screens from the PAYOUTS tab, click this button to view detailed game rules, in a new browser window. (in real mode only) This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Click on it to view the gameplay history, in a new browser window. This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Click on it to close the game and to open the home website, in the same browser window. (available while the reels are spinning) Click this button to stop the reels earlier. (available during winning animations) Click this button to skip the winning animations. (available only for specific jurisdictions) Click this button to activate Turbo mode. The Turbo mode speeds up the gameplay - the spin time is reduced to a minimum. 4.2. Mobile version The following buttons are available: Tap this button to toggle the game sound on or off. Tap this button to open the PAYOUTS tab, where you can view several screens: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in either credit or your real currency - to toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area. information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts, or specific awards; the game lines and basic game rules. To navigate among the various screens in the PAYOUTS tab, tap on the left and right arrows at the bottom of the screen. RULES In the last of the screens from the PAYOUTS tab, tap this button to view detailed game rules, in a new browser window. (in real mode only) This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap on it to view the gameplay history in a new browser window. This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap on it to close the game and to open the home website, in the same browser window. (available while the reels are spinning) Tap this button to stop the reels earlier. (available during winning animations) Tap this button to skip the winning animations. (available only for specific jurisdictions) Tap this button to activate Turbo mode. The Turbo mode speeds up the gameplay - the spin time is reduced to a minimum. index 5. Auto spin feature The loss limit setting allows stopping the auto spin feature automatically when the selected limit, plus your cumulative winnings, and minus your cumulative bets, is less than 0. 5.1. Desktop version Click the AUTO SPIN button to open the AUTO SPIN settings window where you can set up the following: Number of auto spins : click + or - to select the number of auto spins to play. Loss limit : click + or - to select the value of the loss limit; Stop if a win reaches : click + or - to select the value of the maximum win; Stop if JACKPOT is won (only for games with Progressive Jackpots): to enable this setting, tick the checkbox ; to disable it, remove the tick. Click the ACTIVATE button to close the AUTO SPIN settings window and to start the auto spin feature with the currently selected bet and auto spin setup. Click the CLOSE button to close the window without starting the auto spin feature. Click the STOP AUTO SPIN button to stop the auto spin feature at any time. 5.2. Mobile version Tap the AUTO SPIN button to open the AUTO SPIN settings window where you can set up the following: Number of auto spins : tap + or - to select the number of auto spins to play. Loss limit : tap + or - to select the value of the loss limit; Stop if a win reaches : tap + or - to select the value of the maximum win; Stop if JACKPOT is won (only for games with Progressive Jackpots): to enable this setting, tick the checkbox ; to disable it, remove the tick. Tap the ACTIVATE button to close the SPIN settings window and to start the auto spin feature with the currently selected bet and auto spin setup. Tap the CLOSE button to close the window without starting the auto spin feature. Tap the STOP AUTO SPIN button to stop the auto spin feature at any time. Last modification date: 5/29/2025