Masques of San Marco Masques of San Marco Even more chances to win on every spin! Play two games at once with Dual Play. Symbols can fall from the top game down to the bottom game for more wins with the FreeFall Symbols feature. How To Bet Auto Spin Feature FreeFall Symbols Feature Extra Paylines Bonus Options Rules Additional Information How To Bet Masques of San Marco features 40 paylines in the base game. LINE BET Displays the current bet per line shown in currency. Press the left arrow (-) to decrease the bet per line. Press the right arrow (+) to increase the bet per line. LINES 40 lines are always enabled. In the Extra Paylines Bonus, 20 more paylines are enabled for free. SPIN Press to spin the reels and submit the bet. [ top ] Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a selected number of spins at the current line bet. Select the desired line bet, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until the STOP button is pressed, a bonus is triggered, or the balance is insufficient to spin again. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. [ top ] FreeFall Symbols Feature On any winning symbol combination: All winning symbol combinations are evaluated and values are added to the win meter. All symbols in winning combinations disappear. Empty spaces on each reel are filled, as symbols fall from above, in sequence. The game screen is re-evaluated for symbols in winning combinations and values are added to the win meter. The feature remains active until no winning symbol combinations are created as a result of the FreeFall Symbols feature. [ top ] Extra Paylines Bonus Get 3 Bonus symbols on a payline to trigger the Extra Paylines Bonus. These symbols are only found on reels 1, 2, and 3. Start the bonus with 6 free spins. The bonus offers 20 more ways to win with 20 extra paylines that crisscross between the top and bottom games. More paylines present more opportunities to reap the rewards of the FreeFall Symbols feature. Get 3 Bonus symbols on any of the 60 paylines to retrigger the Extra Paylines Bonus for another 6 free spins. The bonus can be retriggered multiple times, up to a maximum of 300 spins. The bet in the bonus is the same as on the reel spin that triggered the bonus. [ top ] Options Graphics Quality BEST mode - Graphics look best, but performance may suffer. HIGH mode (default) - Optimal graphics and performance setting. MEDIUM mode - Lower quality but increased performance. LOW mode - Degraded graphics, but smoothest animation performance is achieved even on slower computers. [ top ] Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. Only highest winner paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the line bet on the winning line. Coinciding wins on different paylines are added. Wins are shown in currency. Bonus symbol appears on columns 1, 2, and 3 only. Wild symbol appears on columns 2, 3, and 4 only. Reels used in Extra Paylines Bonus are different from the reels used in the base game. Regardless of the bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the free spins bonus plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately irrespective of any remaining free spins. [ top ] Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given spin of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next spin are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of spins by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. The theoretical return to player of this game is 95.29% Intellectual Property All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of IGT in the U.S. and/or other countries. © 2013 IGT. All rights reserved. Last modification date: 4/20/2017