Magic of the Nile Tap into the magic and mystery of ancient Egypt in Magic of the Nile ! Scarabs conjure gems to charge 3 mystical obelisks. When fully charged, the obelisks summon forth Random Wilds , Expanded Reels , or Multiplier Wilds – or even multiple features at once! The riches grow in the Free Spins Bonus , where Scarabs bestow an additional free spin and charge the obelisks faster, immediately triggering a feature! How to Bet Magic of the Nile features 30 paylines in the base game and 75 paylines in the Expanded Reels feature. Bet Configuration Menu (mobile/tablet) Press the coin stack to open the bet configuration menu. Press the check mark to confirm and close the bet configuration menu. Coin Value Displays the current coin value shown in currency. Total Bet Displays the current total bet shown in currency. Press the minus button (–) to decrease the total bet. Press the plus button (+) to increase the total bet. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current coin value. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Free Respin Modifier Feature In the base game, when a Scarab scatter symbol appears anywhere on reels 2 or 4, 1 to 3 coloured Gems appear. Each Gem fills one section of the corresponding coloured obelisk. The Free Respin Modifier feature is triggered when 3 or more Gems of the same colour fill an obelisk. Modifiers awarded are based on the colour of the filled obelisk. Green Gems – Random Wilds – 5 to 10 positions on the reels become Wild. Red Gems – Expanded Reels – The reels expand vertically to add 3 additional rows for that spin. The Expanded Reels feature is played automatically on 75 lines at the same coin value as the triggering spin. Blue Gems – Multiplier Wilds – All Wilds appearing on the reels transform into 2x Wilds. If 1 or more 2x Wilds substitute in a line win, that win is doubled. 2x Wild substitutes for all symbols except for Scarab symbols and Bonus symbols. Multiple free respin modifiers can be triggered at the same time. Free Respin Modifiers only apply to the next free respin and cannot be retriggered. Wins are evaluated after all symbol transformations are complete. Different reels are used during the Free Respin Modifier feature. Scarab symbols and Bonus symbols do not appear on the feature reels. The gems collected in the obelisks in the base game are saved separately for each bet level and remain between play sessions. Free Spins Bonus The Free Spins Bonus is triggered when three or more Bonus scatter symbols appear anywhere on the reels. Number of Bonus Symbols Free Spins Awarded 3 8 4 10 5 12 The reels in the Free Spins Bonus are richer than the base game reels. During the Free Spins Bonus , each Scarab scatter symbol that appears on reels 2 or 4 award 1 additional free spin and 1 or 2 Gems. Each awarded Gem colour triggers the corresponding Free Respin Modifier feature. Additional free spins can be awarded multiple times, up to a maximum of 50 free spins per bonus. The Free Spins Bonus cannot be retriggered. Different reels are used during the Free Spins Bonus . Free spins are played at same coin value as the triggering spin. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far-left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the coin value on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Scarab scatter symbols appear on reels 2 and 4 only in the base game and the Free Spins Bonus , but do not appear in Free Respin Modifier respins. Multiple Gems can be collected on the same spin. If more Gems are collected than can fit in the obelisk, the additional Gems are not collected. Multiple Gem obelisks can be completed on the same spin and all earned features are awarded on that spin. When one or more 2x Wild symbols substitute in a win, that win is doubled. Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except for 2x Wild, Scarab scatter, and Bonus symbols. Before any feature is applied, Wild symbol appears on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5 only. 2x Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except for Scarab scatter and Bonus symbols. Bonus scatter symbols appear on reels 1 through 5 in the base game only. Free Respin Modifier wins are independent from line wins and added to the total amount paid. Bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there may be an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent, except in cases where one spin unlocks a feature for a subsequent spin or series of spins, per the game rules. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given spin of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next spin are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of spins by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. RTP:-96.02% Last modification date: 12/27/2023