Miss Red Introduction How To Bet Auto Spin Feature End2End Feature MultiWay Xtra Feature Granny's Free Spins Bonus Options Rules Additional Information Introduction Relive the charm of the classic tale in this modernized twist of Little Red Riding Hood. Follow Miss Red and the Big Bad Wolf through the forest as the End2End feature transforms the reels for enhanced riches! Travel to Granny’s house for a Free Spins Bonus with even more Big Bad Wins! top How To Bet Miss Red offers 1024 ways to win for only 45 coins. MULTIWAY Displays the current number of coins being played. Betting is fixed at 1024 ways which costs 45 coins. COIN VALUE Displays the current coin value as currency. Press the left arrow (-) to decrease the coin value. Press the right arrow (+) to increase the coin value. SPIN Press to submit the bet and spin the reels. top Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of games at 1024 ways and the current coin value. Select the desired coin value, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many games to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of games until the STOP button is pressed, a bonus is triggered, or the balance is insufficient to spin again. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. top End2End Feature Base Game During the base game, the Little Red and Wolf symbols activate the End2End expanding symbols feature. Symbol expansions occur in the following order: Any symbol between two Wolf symbols on the same row transforms into the Wolf symbol, except the Little Red symbol, which transforms into the Wolf-Little Red symbol. Any symbol between two Little Red and/or Wolf-Little Red symbols on the same row transforms into the Little Red symbol, except the Wolf symbol, which transforms into the Wolf-Little Red symbol, and the Wolf-Little Red symbol, which remains unchanged. The combined Wolf-Little Red symbol substitutes for the Little Red symbol and the Wolf symbol. Free Spins Bonus During Granny's Free Spins Bonus, all Wolf and Little Red symbols are replaced by the combined Wolf-Little Red symbol, before the End2End expansion occurs. Any symbol between two Wolf-Little Red symbols on the same row transforms into the Wolf-Little Red symbol. When a transformation occurs over any other symbol already part of a winning combination, the original win is paid, in addition to any win resulting from the transformation. When a transformation occurs over a triggering Bonus symbol, the free spins are awarded in addition to wins resulting from the transformation. Wins are evaluated after all symbol transformations are complete. End2End example: Wolf symbols expanding over a winning 3 Granny symbol combination, in the base game: Before End2End expansion: Column 1 Column 2 Column 3 Column 4 Column 5 Wolf Granny Granny LittleRed Wolf Granny Before expansion, the Granny symbols in Columns 2, 3, and 4 create a 3 Granny symbol win. The Wolf symbols in Column 1 and Column 5 trigger the End2End expansion. After End2End expansion: Column 1 Column 2 Column 3 Column 4 Column 5 Wolf Wolf Wolf Wolf-LittleRed Wolf Granny The End2End expansion creates a 5 Wolf symbol win in Columns 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5. The total winning combinations for this example are the 3 Granny symbol win from before the expansion and the 5 Wolf symbol win from after the expansion. top MultiWay Xtra Feature With the MultiWay Xtra feature, there are 1024 ways to win on every spin. MultiWay Xtra awards pay for matching symbols in any position in adjacent columns, starting from the leftmost column, the rightmost column, or within the centre three columns. More than one matching symbol in the same column multiplies the award. Only the highest paying MultiWay Xtra win for each symbol is paid per spin. Example of a MultiWay Xtra payout: This following diagram shows a sample reel outcome using the LittleRed symbol. Because there is at least one LittleRed symbol in each of the first four columns, the player has won the 4 LittleRed MultiWay Xtra win which pays 15 coins per way. Payout example: 1 x 2 x 1 x 3 Little Red → 6 winning ways: Column 1 Column 2 Column 3 Column 4 Column 5 LittleRed LittleRed LittleRed LittleRed LittleRed LittleRed LittleRed 1 LittleRed 2 LittleRed 1 LittleRed 3 LittleRed To determine the payout for this combination: 1. Count the number of LittleRed symbols in each column. 2. Calculate the total number of winning ways (1 x 2 x 1 x 3 = 6). 3. Multiply the number of ways by the 4 LittleRed symbol win (6 x 15 = 90). The pay is 90 coins won. The actual amount won in currency is based on the coin value. [ top ] Granny's Free Spins Bonus Granny's Free Spins Bonus is triggered by getting three Bonus scatter symbols anywhere on the centre three reels. These symbols are found on reels 2, 3, and 4. Choose the number of free spins by selecting one of five baskets displayed in the picker. Each basket reveals between 5 and 15 initial free spins. The bonus has more plentiful End2End expansions than the base game. During Granny's Free Spins Bonus, the bonus can be retriggered by getting three Bonus scatter symbols anywhere on the centre three reels. These symbols are found on reels 2, 3, and 4. Retriggering the bonus awards an additional basket selection from the picker for a number of free spins (between 5 and 15). The bonus can be retriggered multiple times, up to a maximum of 280 free spins per bonus. Free spins are played at same coin value as the triggering game. [ top ] Options Graphics Quality Adjust the quality of the graphics to get the optimal animation performance. BEST mode - Graphics look best, but performance may suffer. HIGH mode (default) - Optimal graphics and performance setting. MEDIUM mode - Lower quality but increased performance. LOW mode - Degraded graphics, but smoothest animation performance is achieved even on slower computers. [ top ] Rules Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Multiway Xtra wins pay for the same symbol in any position in adjacent columns. Same symbol in same column multiplies win. Multiway Xtra wins pay left to right, right to left, or in the centre three columns. Only the highest paying MultiWay Xtra win for each symbol is paid per spin. MultiWay Xtra wins are multiplied by the coin value. Wins are shown in currency. Regardless of the bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the Free Spins Bonus plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately irrespective of any remaining free spins. [ top ] Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. The theoretical return to player of this game is 96.16% Intellectual Property All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of IGT in the U.S. and/or other countries. © 2014 IGT. All rights reserved. Last modification date: 12/27/2021