Lil'Lady Players will love to catch this bug! This 40 paylines game offers a super-rich Free Spins Bonus and the Stacked Wilds feature for amazingly big wins. On every reel there are stacks of four or more Wild symbols. These Wild symbols can line up to trigger a HUGE number of simultaneous wins! Get three bonus symbols on the middle three reels, and your skin will be crawling with anticipation as you progress to the Free Spins Bonus. You are awarded 5 free spins on the lucrative bonus reels. The bonus reels are richer than the standard reels, with extra Stacked Wilds and extra Bonus symbols. You can potentially retrigger the Free Spins Bonus multiple times. With all of this big money potential in Lil' LADY, you'll be buzzing with excitement! HOW TO BET Lil' LADY has 40 paylines. LINE BET Displays the current bet per line shown in currency. Press the left arrow (-) to decrease the bet per line. Press the right arrow (+) to increase the bet per line. LINES Displays the current number of paylines selected. Press the left arrow (-) to decrease the number of paylines played. Press the right arrow (+) to increase the number of paylines played. SPIN Press to spin the reels and submit the bet. AUTO SPIN FEATURE Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a selected number of spins at the current line bet. Select the desired line bet, press AUTO SPIN and choose how many spins to play. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until the STOP button is pressed, a bonus is triggered, or the balance is insufficient to spin again. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. FREE SPINS BONUS Trigger the Free Spins Bonus with three Bonus symbols on the middle three reels. The bet in the bonus is equal to the bet on the reel spin that triggered the bonus. The bonus reels contain even more Stacked Wilds and Bonus symbols than the main game reels. Start the Free Spins Bonus with 5 free spins. Retrigger the bonus by getting three Bonus symbols on a free spin, which award you an additional 5 free spins (up to a maximum of 255 free spins for your entire bonus). Total bonus win is the sum of all awards won from your free spins. OPTIONS Graphics Quality BEST - Graphics look best, but performance may suffer HIGH - Optimal graphics and performance setting MEDIUM - Lower quality, but increased performance LOW - Degraded graphics, but smoothest animation performance on slower computer RULES Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. All payline wins occur on bet lines only. Only highest winner paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the line bet on the winning line. Coinciding wins on different paylines are added. Wins are shown in currency. Regardless of the bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the Free Spins Bonus plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately irrespective of any remaining free spins. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Game Console The game console provides information and access to additional features: Your current balance in your chosen currency The Meter Bar on the bottom of the game screen displays the denomination in which the game is being played, the number of credits paid if a win occurs, and the number of credits bet on the last/current proposition. Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given spin of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next spin are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of spins by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. Last modification date: 12/27/2021