Mystery of the Lamp Treasure Oasis Mystery of the Lamp Treasure Oasis May your wishes bring riches! In Mystery of the Lamp Treasure Oasis , each feature summons the magic genie and powers up the bonus experience with 2x multipliers, boosted prize values, or gems to collect for jackpots. The bonus can even start with multiple features activated. Wishes really can come true when you discover the Mystery of the Lamp! How to Bet Mystery of the Lamp Treasure Oasis features 50 paylines. Bet Settings Menu Press the cog or TOTAL BET to open the Bet Settings menu. Coins Displays the current number of coins being played. Betting is fixed at 50 paylines. Coin Value Displays the current coin value shown in currency. Total Bet Displays the current total bet shown in currency. Change by selecting the desired total bet. On desktop devices, optionally press the minus button (–) to decrease the total bet or press the plus button (+) to increase the total bet. Press OK to confirm and close the Bet Settings menu. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current coin value. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins and where available, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Mystery of the Lamp Bonus During the base game, each Double Gem, Ignite Gem, and Jackpot Gem Scatter Symbol in any position on the reels flies up to the Double Jar, Ignite Jar, and Jackpot Jar, respectively. If a Gem Scatter Symbol breaks a Jar, the Mystery of the Lamp Bonus begins with the corresponding feature active. Triggering the Mystery of the Lamp Bonus awards 3 bonus spins. If the Double , Ignite , or Double and Ignite features are active, the bonus is played on 15 separate reels. Only Coins, Double Gems, Ignite Gems, and Jackpot Gems are available during the bonus. If the Jackpot , Jackpot and Double , Jackpot and Ignite , or Jackpot , Double , and Ignite features are active, the bonus is played on 30 separate reels. When triggering the bonus with the Jackpot feature active, only Coins and Jackpot Gems are available on the reels. If multiple features are active at the beginning of the bonus, the available gems are as follows: Jackpot + Double Features: Coins, Double Gems, and Jackpot Gems Jackpot + Ignite Features: Coins, Ignite Gems, and Jackpot Gems Jackpot + Double + Ignite Features: Coins, Double Gems, Ignite Gems, and Jackpot Gems Each Coin Scatter Symbol on the reels appears with a prize value. If a Coin, Double Gem, Ignite Gem, or Jackpot Gem Scatter Symbol appears on 1 or more unlocked reels after a bonus spin, the number of spins remaining resets to 3 and all reels containing Coins lock for the remainder of the bonus. If the Double feature is active, Double Gems that appear on the reels after a bonus spin transform into 2x multipliers and up to 10 2x multipliers are placed over Coins on the reels. Each time a 2x multiplier is placed over a Coin, the value appearing on that Coin is doubled. A maximum of 10 2x multipliers may be placed per bonus spin. Each Coin may be doubled a maximum of 4 times per bonus. If the Ignite feature is active, Ignite Gems that appear on the reels after a bonus spin ignites 1 Coin on the reels. The value on the ignited Coin is boosted at the start of each remaining bonus spin. If the Jackpot feature is active, each Jackpot Gem that appears on the reels after a bonus spin fills in 1 gem position under the Grand, Major, Maxi, Minor, or Mini jackpot meter. If all 3 gem positions under a jackpot meter are filled, the corresponding jackpot is awarded and the collected gems under that jackpot meter are cleared. Multiple Grand, Maxi, Minor, and Mini jackpots may be awarded during the Mystery of the Lamp Bonus . The Grand jackpot may be awarded only once from collecting 3 corresponding Jackpot gems per bonus, but may also be won by locking all 30 reels in place during the same bonus. The Major jackpot may be awarded only once per bonus. Collected Jackpot gems are cleared at the end of the bonus. After a bonus spin, 1 or more Double Gems in any position on the reels may break the Double Jar to activate the Double feature for the remainder of the Mystery of the Lamp Bonus . After a bonus spin, 1 or more Ignite Gems in any position on the reels may break the Ignite Jar to activate the Ignite feature for the remainder of the Mystery of the Lamp Bonus . After a bonus spin, 1 or more Jackpot Gems in any position on the reels may break the Jackpot Jar to activate the Jackpot feature for the remainder of the Mystery of the Lamp Bonus . If the Jackpot feature is activated during the Mystery of the Lamp Bonus , the remainder of the bonus is played on 30 separate reels. If the Jackpot feature is activated after a bonus spin, the remainder of the bonus is played with the following symbols based on the other active features: Jackpot + Double Features: Coins, Double Gems, and Jackpot Gems Jackpot + Ignite Features: Coins, Ignite Gems, and Jackpot Gems Jackpot + Ignite + Double Features: Coins, Ignite Gems, Double Gems, and Jackpot Gems If all reels lock, the Grand jackpot is awarded and any remaining bonus spins are not played. The Mystery of the Lamp Bonus continues until no respins remain or all reels have locked, and awards all accumulated wins. Different reels are used during the Mystery of the Lamp Bonus and depend on the coin value from the triggering spin and the active features. Options All Sound Toggle game sounds on or off. Sound Effects Toggle sound effects on or off. Music Toggle music on or off. Voice Toggle voice on or off. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far-left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the coin value on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Wild Symbol appears on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5 in the base game. Wild Symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols except Double Gem, Ignite Gem, and Jackpot Gem Scatter Symbols in the base game. Grand, Major, Maxi, Minor, and Mini jackpot values are multiplied by the coin value. Grand, Major, Maxi, Minor, and Mini jackpots are fixed awards and are not shared – they are only winnable by the player. Major jackpot may only be awarded once per bonus. Grand jackpot may be awarded up to twice per bonus – once from collecting 3 corresponding gems, and once by locking all 30 bonus reels. An increased number of coins by the jars and jar animations have no effect on game play. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there may be an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. Last modification date: 10/1/2024