MGM Lucky Golden Lions The signs are auspicious towards future wealth in MGM Lucky Golden Lions! This 3-reel game features selectable reels, multipliers, and respins. Numbers in the centre position on active reels pay what you see. Activate 1, 2, or 3 reels for bigger win potential. With 3 reels active, any coin multiplier that appears in the centre position on reel 3 can add a multiplier to a winning spin. The Respin feature could turn any spin into a prosperous win! How to Bet MGM Lucky Golden Lions features 1 payline. Bet Settings Menu Press the cog or TOTAL BET to open the Bet Settings menu. Reels Displays the current reels selected. Press 1 to select reel 1 only; press 2 to select reels 1 and 2; or press 3 to select or deselect reels 1, 2, and 3. When both reels 1 and 2 are active, the Respin feature is available. When reels 1, 2, and 3 are active, the Respin and Multiplier features are available. Optionally on the reel window, press reel 1 to select reel 1 only; press reel 2 to select reels 1 and 2; or press reel 3 to select reels 1, 2, and 3. Coin Value Displays the current coin value shown in currency. Total Bet Displays the current total bet shown in currency. Change by selecting the desired total bet. Total bet options are based on the number of active reels. On desktop devices, optionally press the minus button (–) to decrease the total bet or press the plus button (+) to increase the total bet. Press OK to confirm and close the Bet Settings menu. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current total bet and reels selected. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins and where available, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN, and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Line Wins MGM Lucky Golden Lions features a unique pay method. If a number symbol greater than 0 appears in the middle position on 1 or more active reels, a win is awarded. The full symbol must be visible, and the middle of the symbol must be in the middle position. The total value of the win is the value of the numbers on the active reels, read as a single value from left to right, ignoring blanks, multiplied by the coin value. Example of a payout: At a coin value of 1.00, if 1 appears on reel 1, 8 appears on reel 2, and 0 appears on reel 3, the player will be awarded 180 coins. The actual amount won in currency is based on the coin value. The top prize is displayed above the reels. Respin Feature When playing with reels 1 and 2 active, if a blank appears in the active position on reel 1 and a 0 Symbol or an 8 Symbol appears in the active position on reel 2, a respin is triggered. Reels 2 and 3 lock and reel 1 automatically respins once. When playing with all 3 reels active If a blank appears in the active position on reels 1 and 2 and a 0 Symbol appears in the active position on reel 3, a respin is triggered. Reel 3 locks and reels 1 and 2 automatically respin once. If blanks appear in the active positions on reels 1 and 3 and an 8 Symbol appears in the active position on reel 2, a respin is triggered. Reel 2 locks and reels 1 and 3 automatically respin once. If a blank appears in the active position on reels 1 and 3 and a 0 Symbol appears in the active position on reel 2, a respin is triggered. Reel 2 locks and reels 1 and 3 automatically respin once. After the respin, if a blank appears in the active position on reel 1 and a 00 Symbol appears in the active position on reel 3, reels 2 and 3 lock and reel 1 automatically respins once. If a blank appears in the active position on reels 1 and 2 and a 00 Symbol appears in the active position on reel 3, a respin is triggered. Reel 3 locks and reels 1 and 2 automatically respin once. After the respin, if a blank appears in the active position on reel 1 and a 0 Symbol appears in the active position on reel 2, reels 2 and 3 lock and reel 1 automatically respins once. If a number symbol appears in the active position on reel 1 and blanks appear in the active position on reels 2 and 3, a respin may be randomly triggered. If the respin is triggered, reel 1 locks and reels 2 and 3 automatically respin once. Wins are evaluated after all awarded respins are complete. Different reels are used during respins. Different reels are used based on the number of active reels. Respins are available when 2 or more reels are active. Multiplier Feature The Coins Symbol on reel 3 may award a multiplier when it appears. Multipliers of 2x, 3x, 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, and 9x the total win may be awarded. Multipliers are only available when all 3 reels are selected. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. The active position is the centre position of each reel. Only symbols appearing in the active position of a played reel are evaluated for wins. Line wins are evaluated from left to right on active reels, ignoring blanks. Only the highest win per symbol combination is paid per spin. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there may be an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. Return to player for this game is 95.03 % to 95.84 %. Last modification date: 9/26/2025