MegaJackpots Pixies of the Glade How to Bet Bet Settings Menu Press the wheel or TOTAL BET to open the Bet Settings menu. Coins Displays the current number of coins being played. Betting is fixed at 20 paylines. Coin Value Displays the current coin value shown in currency. Total Bet Displays the current total bet shown in currency. Change by selecting the desired total bet. On desktop devices, optionally press the minus button (–) to decrease the total bet or press the plus button (+) to increase the total bet. Press OK to confirm and close the Bet Settings menu. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at current bet. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins and where available, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN, and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Tumbling Reels Feature Any winning symbol combinations trigger the Tumbling Reels feature during the base game and Bonus. All winning symbol combinations are evaluated, and values add to the win meter. All symbols in winning combinations disappear. Empty spaces are filled as symbols tumble from above, in sequence. The reels are re-evaluated for winning symbol combinations and values add to the win meter. Tumbles continue until no paytable-defined symbol combinations appear. Winning the MegaJackpots Progressive Every bet offers a chance to win the MegaJackpots Progressive. The higher the bet, the better the odds of winning. The odds of winning the Jackpot are proportional to the actual bet amount. The game is completely fair, offering the same odds per amount bet per currency. For example, a player playing at a 0.20 coin value has twice the chance of winning the Jackpot as a player playing at a 0.10 coin value in the same game and currency. The expected return to player is the same for both players. See Rules for information about payout. MegaJackpots Bonus Game The MegaJackpots Bonus Game is triggered when 5 or more consecutive tumbles occur on the same spin in either the base game or the Bonus. Triggering the MegaJackpots Bonus Game awards 1 spin of the MegaJackpots Bonus Game reels. The MegaJackpots Bonus Game reels contain Multiplier Symbols and MegaJackpots Symbols. All symbols that appear in the middle row are awarded. Revealed multipliers are added together. Win the MegaJackpots Progressive when 1 or more MegaJackpots Symbols appears in the middle row of the reels. Only 1 MegaJackpots Progressive is awarded. The reels in the MegaJackpots Bonus Game are different from the reels in the base game and the Bonus. Bonus The Bonus is triggered when 3 Bonus Scatter Symbols land anywhere on reels 2, 3, and 4 in the base game. Six spins are awarded. The bonus reels are made richer by adding 3 additional Scatter Symbols on all reels. Retrigger the Bonus when 3 or more Bonus Scatter Symbols appear anywhere on the reels: 5 Bonus Symbols award 6, 8, 10, 12 or 15 additional spins. 4 Bonus Symbols award 4, 6, 8, or 10 additional spins. 3 Bonus Symbols award 2, 3, or 4 additional spins. The bonus ends and the total bonus win is awarded when 0 spins remain or after 300 spins have been played. Reels used in the Bonus are different from the reels used in the base game. The Bonus is played at the same coin value as the triggering spin. Options All Sound - toggle game sounds on or off. Sound Effects - toggle sound effects on or off. Music - toggle music on or off. Voice - toggle voice on or off. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far-left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins shown are pre-multiplied by the current bet multiplier. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Only the highest scatter win is paid per Scatter Symbol. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Coinciding scatter wins are added. Scatter and bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Bonus Symbols appear on reels 2, 3, and 4 only in the base game. Bonus Symbols appear on all reels in the Bonus. Wild Symbols appear on reels 2, 3, and 4 in the base game only. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there may be an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining spins. If any applicable award cap is achieved on a transaction simultaneously to a MegaJackpots Bonus Game trigger on the same spin, the MegaJackpots Bonus Game will not be awarded. MegaJackpots Rules When a player wins the Jackpot, a notification message appears. Customer service will contact the player within 24 hours with details of your Jackpot payout. The award verification may take up to 72 hours, and the win will not be reflected in your account balance. You may continue to play. It will not affect your Jackpot. The amount paid after verification is approximately the amount seen on the Jackpot meter when the win occurs. Potentially, the awarded Jackpot could be somewhat higher because of display delays. In an exceptionally rare case, two players may simultaneously win MegaJackpots. The order of the winners is determined solely by the timestamp applied to each transaction request as it is received by the MegaJackpots server. The official MegaJackpots winning outcome belongs to the player whose transaction timestamp is first. The player whose timestamp is second may win the jackpot Re- Seed Amount if their MegaJackpots winning outcome occurred just after the other player's MegaJackpots win, but before the MegaJackpots meter was able to reset. All applicable taxes and fees in connection with any winnings awarded to the player, and any other payments to the winning player are their sole responsibility. Winnings cannot be transferred, substituted, or redeemed for any other consideration. Jackpot represents an increasing top award where the growth is funded by a fixed percentage of each bet placed by all players playing for the jackpot. MegaJackpots is not available in free play mode. Additional Information Lost Connection During Jackpot Win In the unlikely event of a lost connection or game reset during a jackpot-triggering spin, the jackpot will be awarded. Notification of the jackpot win will not appear on the game screen when the game is reloaded, and the win will not be reflected in your account balance. Any standard wins will be reflected in your account balance. Continued play, whether in this game or any other, does not affect the jackpot payout. The Customer Service Team will contact you within 24 hours with the details of your jackpot payout. The award verification may take up to 72 hours. RTP: 92.5% Last modification date: 11/11/2025