Maya Gold Travel deep into the rainforest in search of ancient treasure in Maya Gold ! Extend your journey and increase your winnings further by triggering one or both of the exciting bonus games, the Free Spins Bonus or the Mini Slot Bonus . Collect points with each Bonus symbol that appears on reel 5 and unlock the special Memory Bonus to win big! How to Bet Maya Gold features 25 fixed paylines. Bet Configuration Menu (mobile/tablet/mini games) Press the arrow to open the bet configuration menu. Press the check mark to confirm and close the bet configuration menu. The theoretical return to player of this game is 94.21%. Lines Displays the current number of paylines. Betting is fixed at 25 paylines. Line Bet Displays the current bet per line shown in currency. Press the minus button (–) to decrease the bet per line. Press the plus button (+) to increase the bet per line. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current line bet and number of paylines. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Auto Spin feature is not available in mini format. Mini Slot Bonus The Mini Slot Bonus is triggered when three or more Mini Slot Bonus symbols appear from left to right on an active payline. The more symbol awarded the more bonus slot spins to play. Number of Mini Slot Bonus Symbols Bonus Slot Spins Awarded 5 3 4 2 3 1 For each spin, the player is awarded a prize from a range shown in the table below. Wins are multiplied by the line bet. Win Combination Prize Awarded 3 Cherries 20 - 50 3 Oranges 60 - 125 3 Bars 150 - 1000 Memory Bonus Receive 25 points for each payline multiplied by the line bet each time the Bonus symbol appears anywhere on reel 5. Accumulate 1,000 points and trigger the Memory Bonus . The objective of the Memory Bonus is to take four turns to find a matching pair of awards that are displayed on stone slabs. Reveal a matching pair on any two stone slabs win the prize amount shown. Memory Bonus ends when a matching pair is found or after the 4th turn. One of the slabs features a multiplier symbol - if it is revealed, the win is doubled. Any remaining points after a bonus game has been played are applied towards to the next bonus game. Optimal strategy in Memory Bonus : The player uses three tries to turn as many slabs as possible. If the player knows the location of a matching pair the fourth try is used to obtain that win. If no pair is known to the player after three tries the player uses the fourth try to turn another slab. If the player now knows the location of a match to the turned slab, that win is obtained. If a match to the turned slab still isn’t known, the player will have to take a chance to find it by turning another slab. On any turn, if the first slab chosen reveals the 2x, if the previous highest revealed prize is higher than the average of the remaining prizes, player should select that prize, otherwise player should reveal a new slab to win its prize times 2. There is a possibility that the player accidently will turn up a matching pair or that the multiplier symbol is found during the first three tries. Simple strategy in Memory Bonus : The player uses three tries to turn as many slabs as possible. If the player knows the location of a matching pair the fourth try is used to obtain that win. If no pair is known to the player after three tries the player uses the fourth try to turn another slab. If the player now knows the location of a match to the turned slab, that win is obtained. If a match to the turned slab still isn’t known, the player will have to take a chance to find it by turning another slab. There is a possibility that the player accidently will turn up a matching pair or that the multiplier symbol is found during the first three tries. Free Spins Bonus The Free Spins Bonus is triggered when three or more Free Spins scatter symbols appear anywhere on the reels. Number of Free Spins Symbols Free Spins Awarded 5 100 4 20 3 8 The Mini Slot Bonus or the Memory Bonus can be triggered during the Free Spins Bonus with the same rules as in the base game. Retrigger the Free Spins Bonus when three or more Free Spins scatter symbols appear anywhere on the reels. Number of Free Spins Symbols Additional Free Spins Awarded 5 100 4 20 3 8 The bonus can be retriggered multiple times, up to a maximum of 1000 free spins per bonus. All prizes won during the Free Spins Bonus are doubled, except for bonus points. Free spins are played at same line bet and same number of paylines as the triggering spin. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the line bet on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Wild symbol appears on reels 1, 2, and 3 in the base game. Wild symbol appears on reels 1, 2, and 3 in the Free Spins Bonus . Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols excluding the Free Spins, Mini Slot Bonus and Bonus symbols. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent, except in cases where one spin unlocks a feature for a subsequent spin or series of spins, per the game rules. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. Intellectual Property © 2019 IGT. All rights reserved. All other trademarks used herein are owned by IGT or its affiliates, may not be used without permission, and where indicated with a ®, are registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/5/2020