Medieval Money - Dragon's Loot Storm Castle Cash-A-Lot, and free it from the rascally dragon’s control! Medieval Money Dragon’s Loot entertains with a popular casual gaming mechanic. Fire the catapult to breach the castle walls to reveal luminous gems and legendary instant prizes hidden in the mischievous dragon’s lair. How to Play Auto Fire About the Game Aiming and Firing Winning a Prize Game Completion Rules Additional Information How to Play Ticket Cost Displays the current ticket cost. Press the left arrow (–) to decrease the ticket cost. Press the right arrow (+) to increase the ticket cost. Press BUY to deduct the ticket cost from the balance and play the game. Auto Fire Press AUTO FIRE to automatically play the game to completion. Game play continues until all selections have been made. To continue the game in manual play mode, press STOP. About the Game The object of Medieval Money is to collect a target number of gems and coins within seven catapult shots. Aiming and Firing After a ticket is purchased, the game displays a prize table, a knight, a castle in the distance, FIRE and AUTO FIRE buttons, and a catapult with an adjustable aiming mechanism. Slide the red arrow to adjust the catapult’s trajectory. Press FIRE to launch a boulder at the castle to reveal gems, coins, or a dragon. Winning a Prize When a catapult shot reveals gems or coins, the game highlights the items in the prize table. Collect the target number of gems or coins to win the prize associated with that type of gem or coin. Revealing a dragon, triggers a bonus round with three treasure sacks. Select one of the treasure sacks to reveal its contents: gems, coins, or an instant win prize value. Game Completion When all seven boulders have been fired, the game ends. A closing message appears indicating the game’s outcome. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. Instant win and bonus prizes are added to total winning prize values. Player choices made during gameplay do not affect the game’s outcome. Wins are shown in currency. Additional Information Expected Payback For this game, the long-term, theoretically-expected payback is from 85.00% to 93.00%. Intellectual Property All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of IGT in the U.S. and/or other countries. © 2017 IGT. All rights reserved. Last updated 5 April 2017. Last modification date: 4/13/2018