Mega Jackpots Ocean Spirit How to Bet Bet Settings Menu Press the cog or TOTAL BET to open the Bet Settings menu. 243 Ways Displays the current number of ways being played. Betting is fixed at 243 ways. Coins Displays the current number of coins being played. Coin Value Displays the current coin value shown in currency. Change by selecting the desired total bet. On desktop devices, optionally press the minus button (–) to decrease the coin value or press the plus button (+) to increase the coin value. Press OK to confirm and close the Bet Settings enu. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at 243 ways and the current coin value. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins and where available, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN, and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Coin Feature The Coin feature is triggered when 1 or more Coin Scatter Symbols appear anywhere on the reels. Coin Scatter Symbols may award 10x, 20x, 30x, 40x, 50x, 100x, 200x, 300x, 500x, or 1000x values multiplied by the coin value, trigger the Free Spins Bonus, or trigger the Jackpot Bonus. During the base game, if 5 or more Coin Symbols trigger the Coin feature, up to 5 Coin Symbols may transform into MegaJackpots Bonus Game Scatter Symbols. If 5 Coin Symbols transform into MegaJackpots Bonus Game Scatter Symbols, the MegaJackpots Bonus Game is triggered. The Coin feature is available in both the base game and the Free Spins Bonus. Winning the MegaJackpots Progressive Every bet offers a chance to win the MegaJackpots Progressive. The higher the bet, the better the odds of winning. The odds of winning the Jackpot are proportional to the actual bet amount. Therefore, the game is completely fair, offering the same odds per amount bet per currency. For example, a player playing at a 0.20 coin value has twice the chance of winning the Jackpot as a player playing at a 0.10 coin value in the same game and currency. The expected return to player is the same for both players. See Rules for information regarding payout. MegaJackpots Bonus Game The MegaJackpots Bonus Game is triggered when 5 Coin Symbols in the Coin feature transform into MegaJackpots Bonus Game Scatter Symbols. The MegaJackpots Bonus Game can be triggered from the base game only. Triggering the MegaJackpots Bonus Game awards 1 spin of the MegaJackpots Bonus Game reels. The MegaJackpots Bonus Game reels contain Multiplier Symbols and MegaJackpots Symbols. All symbols that appear in the middle row are awarded. Revealed multipliers are added together. Win the MegaJackpots Progressive when 1 or more MegaJackpots Symbols appears in the middle row of the reels. Only 1 MegaJackpots Progressive is awarded. The reels in the MegaJackpots Bonus Game are different from the reels in the base game and the Free Spins Bonus. Jackpot Bonus Collect 3 matching symbols to win the corresponding Maxi, Major, Minor, or Mini Jackpot award. Players are guaranteed at least 1 jackpot, but can win all 4 jackpots if an Award All icon is revealed. Find Boost, Super Boost, and Mega Boost icons to increase the value of the jackpots. Boost Symbol Jackpot Boost Mega Boost 3x Super Boost 2x Boost 1x For example, if the Super Boost icon is revealed, each jackpot increases by 2 times. If both the Boost and Mega Boost icons are revealed, each jackpot increases by 4 times. Jackpots may be increased up to a maximum of 6 times. The bonus ends after a jackpot has been awarded. Jackpot values reset after every bonus Free Spins Bonus The Free Spins Bonus is triggered when 3 or more Bonus Scatter Symbols appear anywhere on the reels. Number of Bonus Symbols Free Spins Awarded 3 10 4 15 5 20 The Free Spins Bonus is retriggered when 3 or more Bonus Scatter Symbols appear anywhere on the reels. Number of Bonus Symbols Additional Free Spins Awarded 3 10 4 15 5 20 Free spins can also be triggered or retriggered through the Coin feature. 5, 10, 15, or 20 free spins can be awarded. Multiple amounts of the above can be awarded on 1 spin in the base game and the Free Spins Bonus. For example, if 2 Coins with 5 free spins and 15 free spins are revealed, 20 free spins are awarded. During the Free Spins Bonus, different reels are used with all minor symbols (A, K, Q, J, 10, 9) removed. The bonus can be retriggered multiple times, up to a maximum of 1000 free spins per bonus. Free spins are played at same coin value as the triggering spin. Options All Sound Toggle game sounds on or off. Sound Effects Toggle sound effects on or off. Music Toggle music on or off. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. MultiWay wins pay for the same symbol in any position in adjacent reels, starting from the leftmost reel. Same symbol in same reel multiplies win. MultiWay wins pay left to right. Only the highest paying MultiWay win for each symbol is paid per spin. Coinciding MultiWay wins from different symbols are added. MultiWay wins are multiplied by the coin value. Wild Symbol appears on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5 in the base game and the Free Spins Bonus. Wild Symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols except Coin Scatter Symbol, MegaJackpots Bonus Game Scatter Symbol, and Bonus Scatter Symbol. Only the highest scatter win is paid. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Scatter wins are independent from MultiWay wins and are also added to the total amount paid. Bonus wins are independent from MultiWay wins and are added to the total amount paid. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there may be an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. MegaJackpots Rules When a player wins the Jackpot, a notification message appears. Customer service will contact the player within 24 hours with details of your Jackpot payout. The award verification may take up to 72 hours, and the win will not be reflected in your account balance. You may continue to play. It will not affect your Jackpot. The amount paid after verification is approximately the amount seen on the Jackpot meter when the win occurs. Potentially, the awarded Jackpot could be somewhat higher because of display delays. In an exceptionally rare case, two players may simultaneously win MegaJackpots. The order of the winners is determined solely by the timestamp applied to each transaction request as it is received by the MegaJackpots server. The official MegaJackpots winning outcome belongs to the player whose transaction timestamp is first. The player whose timestamp is second may win the jackpot Re-Seed Amount if their MegaJackpots winning outcome occurred just after the other player’s MegaJackpots win, but before the MegaJackpots meter was able to reset. All applicable taxes and fees in connection with any winnings awarded to the player, and any other payments to the winning player are their sole responsibility. Winnings cannot be transferred, substituted, or redeemed for any other consideration. Jackpot represents an increasing top award where the growth is funded by a fixed percentage of each bet placed by all players playing for the jackpot. Additional Information Lost Connection During Jackpot Win In the unlikely event of a lost connection or game reset during a jackpot-triggering spin, the jackpot will be awarded. Notification of the jackpot win will not appear on the game screen when the game is reloaded, and the win will not be reflected in your account balance. Any standard wins will be reflected in your account balance. Continued play, whether in this game or any other, does not affect the jackpot payout. The Customer Service Team will contact you within 24 hours with the details of your jackpot payout. The award verification may take up to 72 hours. Last modification date: 2/18/2025