Mega Jackpot Cash Eruption MegaJackpots Cash Eruption How to Bet Bet Settings Menu Press the cog or TOTAL BET to open the Bet Settings menu. Coins Displays the current number of coins being played. Betting is fixed at 20 paylines. Coin Value Displays the current coin value shown in currency. Total Bet Displays the current total bet shown in currency. Change by selecting the desired total bet. On desktop devices, optionally press the minus button (–) to decrease the total bet, or press the plus button (+) to increase the total bet. Press OK to confirm and close the Bet Settings menu. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current bet. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins, and where available, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Winning the MegaJackpots Progressive Every bet offers a chance to win the MegaJackpots Progressive. The higher the bet, the better the odds of winning. The odds of winning the Jackpot are proportional to the actual bet amount. The game is completely fair, offering the same odds per amount bet per currency. For example, a player playing at a 0.20 coin value has twice the chance of winning the Jackpot as a player playing at a 0.10 coin value in the same game and currency. The expected return to player is the same for both players. See Rules for information about payout. MegaJackpots Bonus Game The MegaJackpots Bonus Game is triggered when 5 MegaJackpots Bonus Scatter Symbols appear in the base game or a Jumbo MegaJackpots Bonus Symbols appears in the Bonus . Triggering the MegaJackpots Bonus Game awards 1 spin of the MegaJackpots Bonus Game reels. The MegaJackpots Bonus Game reels contain Multiplier Symbols and MegaJackpots Symbols. All symbols that appear in the middle row are awarded. Revealed multipliers are added together. Win the MegaJackpots Progressive when 1 or more MegaJackpots Symbols appears in the middle row of the reels. Only 1 MegaJackpots Progressive is awarded. The reels in the MegaJackpots Bonus Game are different from the reels in the base game and the Bonus . Pattern Feature Earn a pattern win when all positions on reel 1 are filled with the Red 7 Symbol and all positions on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5 are filled with the Wild Symbols. Wild Symbol does not substitute for Red 7 Symbol in a pattern win. Line wins are not paid in addition to pattern win. Cash Eruption Bonus The Cash Eruption Bonus is triggered when 6 or more Fireball Scatter Symbols appear anywhere on the reels in the base game, or when a Fireball Symbol appears on the linked reels in the Bonus . During the base game, Fireball Scatter Symbols are collected in the meter above the reels. The meter resets after every spin. The Cash Eruption Bonus awards 3 initial respins. Each Fireball Symbol that lands reveals either a prize value or MAJOR, MINOR, or MINI. All revealed prize values or MAJOR, MINOR, or MINI are locked in position for the remainder of the bonus. During each respin, additional Fireball Symbols may land, revealing further prizes. Every time a Fireball Symbol lands, the respin counter is reset to 3 respins remaining. Fill all 15 positions on the reels to win the GRAND. The Cash Eruption Bonus continues until no respins remain or until all 15 reel positions are filled. Locked prize values are cumulative and are awarded in addition to any eligible GRAND, MAJOR, MINOR, MINI. GRAND, MAJOR, MINOR, and MINI values are fixed awards based on the amount wagered and are not shared – they are only winnable by the player. Reels used in the Cash Eruption Bonus are different from the reels used in the base game and Bonus . The Cash Eruption Bonus is played at the same coin value as the triggering spin. The Cash Eruption Bonus cannot be retriggered. Expanding Wild Feature After the reel spin in the base game or in the Bonus , Wild symbols in any position on reels 2, 3, 4, or 5 expand vertically and transform all symbols on the reel into Wild symbols. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except the Fireball, MegaJackpots, and Volcano symbols. Wins are evaluated after all transformations are complete. Wild symbols only expand if a winning combination is possible. Bonus The Bonus is triggered when 3 or more Volcano Scatter Symbols appear anywhere on the reels. The Bonus awards 6 spins. During the Bonus , reels 2, 3, and 4 are linked, and only one Jumbo symbol appears. All Jumbo symbols are 3x3 in size. During the Bonus , Volcano and Fireball Symbols appear on the linked reels only. A Jumbo Volcano Symbol on the linked reels retriggers the Bonus and awards 3 additional spins, for up to a maximum of 15 spins per bonus. A Jumbo Fireball Symbol triggers the Cash Eruption Bonus with 9 initially locked symbol positions. A Jumbo MegaJackpots Bonus Symbol triggers the MegaJackpots Bonus. Reels used in the Bonus are different than the reels used in the base game. Spins are played at the same coin value as the triggering spin. Options All Sound Toggle game sounds on or off. Music Toggle music on or off. Sound Effects Toggle sound effects on or off. Voice Toggle voiceover on or off. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far-left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are shown at current bet. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Only the highest Volcano scatter win is paid. Volcano scatter wins are independent from Cash Eruption Bonus wins and are added to the total amount paid. Volcano scatter wins are shown at current bet. Scatter wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Pattern wins are independent from line wins. Line wins are not paid in addition to pattern wins. Wild symbol appears on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5 in the base game. Wild symbol appears on the linked reels and reel 5 in the Bonus . Wild symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols except Fireball, Volcano, and MegaJackpots Bonus symbols in the base game and the Bonus . Fireball, Volcano, and MegaJackpots Bonus symbols appear on all reels in the base game. Fireball, Volcano, and MegaJackpots Bonus symbols appear on the linked reels only in the Bonus . The Cash Eruption Bonus is played on independent reels. All awards are scattered. No paylines are used. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining spins. RTP:92.5% MegaJackpots Rules When a player wins the Jackpot, a notification message appears. Customer service will contact the player within 24 hours with details of your Jackpot payout. The award verification may take up to 72 hours, and the win will not be reflected in your account balance. You may continue to play. It will not affect your Jackpot. The amount paid after verification is approximately the amount seen on the Jackpot meter when the win occurs. Potentially, the awarded Jackpot could be somewhat higher because of display delays. In an exceptionally rare case, two players may simultaneously win MegaJackpots . The order of the winners is determined solely by the timestamp applied to each transaction request as it is received by the MegaJackpots server. The official MegaJackpots winning outcome belongs to the player whose transaction timestamp is first. The player whose timestamp is second may win the jackpot Re-Seed Amount if their MegaJackpots winning outcome occurred just after the other player's MegaJackpots win, but before the MegaJackpots meter was able to reset. All applicable taxes and fees in connection with any winnings awarded to the player, and any other payments to the winning player are their sole responsibility. Winnings cannot be transferred, substituted, or redeemed for any other consideration. Jackpot represents an increasing top award where the growth is funded by a fixed percentage of each bet placed by all players playing for the jackpot. MegaJackpots is not available in free play mode. Additional Information Lost Connection During Jackpot Win In the unlikely event of a lost connection or game reset during a jackpot-triggering spin, the jackpot will be awarded. Notification of the jackpot win will not appear on the game screen when the game is reloaded, and the win will not be reflected in your account balance. Any standard wins will be reflected in your account balance. Continued play, whether in this game or any other, does not affect the jackpot payout. The Customer Service Team will contact you within 24 hours with the details of your jackpot payout. The award verification may take up to 72 hours.