Magic Treasures Dragon 1. Overview The goal is to obtain a winning combination on a winning line spread across the reels. Game specifications : Type Slots Number of reels 5 Number of rows 5 Number of lines 4 Number of coins you can bet 40 Progressive No Double feature No Auto spin feature Yes Wild symbols Yes Multiplier symbols Yes Scatter symbols Yes (Money Ball (no value), Mini, Minor, Maxi, Jackpot Bonus, Jackpot Bonus Wild, Free Spins, Free Spins Wild, +3 Free Spins, Money Balls) Bonus round Yes Free s pins Yes Instant win No RTP 96.00% The game disconnects if you do not take any actions for a specific number of consecutive minutes (this number varies depending on jurisdiction); the session recovery feature will save the game progress so that the next time the game is loaded, you can continue where you left off. In the event of technical difficulties resulting in a dropped connection to the game server, the game you were playing is saved automatically and will load the next time you establish a connection to the game server. You will not be able to reconnect to the game server for the first 30 seconds after the disconnection. Note : In case of malfunction all pays and play are voided; any bet that was not yet accepted will be voided, any bet that was unsettled will be refunded. 2. How to Play Note: If you do not have enough money to play a game, the bet can be set to the minimum selectable amount through a dialog window informing about this. All winning lines pay from left to right, beginning with the far-left reel. All line win symbols must appear on consecutive reels. Wins on different lines are all added. Only the highest winning combination on each line is paid.Winnings from Free Spins are added to the total win. The auto spin feature does not automatically start free spins - player input is required (Available only for specific jurisdictions). On the info bar, you can view the current BET, your BALANCE and your current WIN, displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 2.1. Desktop version To play, follow these steps: Click on the main screen, and then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value. Click to save the settings and return to the main screen. Note: The total BET is displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). Click to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won will be shown in the WIN field from the info bar, in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 2.2. Mobile version To play, follow these steps: Tap on the main screen, then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value. Tap to save the settings and return to the main screen. Note: The total BET is displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won will be shown in the WIN field from the info bar, in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. To toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 3. Special Symbols and Features 3. SPECIAL SYMBOLS AND FEATURES 3.1. Wild Wild substitutes for all symbols except Money Ball (no value), Mini, Minor, Maxi, Jackpot Bonus, Jackpot Bonus Wild, Free Spins, Free Spins Wild, +3 Free Spins, and Money Balls. Wild symbol appear on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5 only. 3.2. Base game play After each base game spin, each Money Balls on the reels increases the Money Balls Bonus pot value by 1. The Money Balls Bonus pot value starts at 5 and has a Maximum value of 50. If the value on the Money Balls Bonus pot is greater than 46 and Money Balls appears on the reels, the Money Balls Bonus pot value does not increase. After each base game spin, if 1 or more Money Balls appears on the reels and the Money Balls Bonus is not triggered, a x2, x3, or x5 multiplier may be added to 1 Money Balls symbol. Each Money Balls symbol on the reels appears with a value. Available values are 25 to 750 coins. If the Money Balls Bonus is not triggered and Money Ball (no value), Mini, Minor, Maxi, Money Balls, Money Balls with a multiplier, Jackpot Bonus, Jackpot Bonus Wild, Free Spins, Free Spins Wild appear on 3 or more adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel, all Money Ball values on those reels are awarded. If a Money Balls symbol appears with a multiplier, all Money Ball values appearing on 3 or more adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel, are multiplied by the multiplier value before being awarded. Jackpot Bonus transforms into Jackpot Bonus Wild if a Money Ball pay is possible. Free Spins transforms into Free Spins Wild if a Money Ball pay is possible. The value on the Money Balls Bonus pot is saved separately for each bet size. Select a different bet size to display the value on the Money Balls Bonus pot at that bet. 3.3. Money Balls Bonus During the base game and Free Spins, 1 or more Money Balls symbols in any position may randomly trigger the Money Balls Bonus. If the Money Balls Bonus is triggered, a x2, x3, or x5 multiplier may be added to 1 Money Balls symbol at the beginning of the bonus. If no Money Balls, Free Spins, or Jackpot Bonus appear on the reels after a base game, the Money Balls Bonus may be awarded by the Dragon above the reels. If the Money Balls Bonus is awarded by the Dragon, a multiplier of x2, x3, or x5 may be awarded at the beginning of the bonus. Each Money Balls symbol on the reels appears with a value. Available values are 25 to 750 coins. If the Money Balls Bonus is triggered, a number of Money Ball (no value), Maxi, Minor, Mini Money Ball symbols corresponding to the value on the Money Balls Bonus pot are placed on the reels. The Money Ball symbols cannot be placed on a symbol position that already contains Money Balls. If the Money Balls Bonus is triggered during the base game, the Money Balls Bonus pot value resets to 5. If a Money Ball symbol is placed on a position that already contains a Money Ball symbol, the value on the placed Money Ball is added to the Money Ball value in that position. If Money Ball (no value), Mini, Minor, Maxi, Money Balls, Money Balls with a multiplier, Jackpot Bonus, Jackpot Bonus Wild, Free Spins, Free Spins Wild appear on 3 or more adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel, all Money Ball values on those reels are awarded. If a multiplier was awarded at the beginning of the bonus, all Money Ball values appearing on 3 or more adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel, are multiplied by the multiplier value before being awarded. Jackpot Bonus transforms into Jackpot Bonus Wild if a Money Ball pay is possible. Free Spins transforms into Free Spins Wild if a Money Ball pay is possible. The total Bonus win is awarded and the Money Balls Bonus ends. Money Balls appears on reel 3 only. Money Balls values: 25, 30, 40, 50, 75, 100, 150, 200, 250, 500, 600, 750 Mini: 400 Minor: 1,000 Maxi: 2,500 3.4. Free Spins Bonus 1 or more Free Spins symbols in any position may randomly trigger the Free Spins Bonus. If no Money Balls, Free Spins, Jackpot Bonus appear after a base game spin, the Free Spins Bonus may be awarded by the Dragon above the reels. If the Free Spins Bonus is triggered, win 8 Free Spins. During Free Spins, +3 Free Spins in any position awards 3 extra Free Spins. If the number of won Free Spins is greater than 98, +3 Free Spins is replaced by Free Spins. Each Money Balls appearing on the reels increases the Money Balls Bonus pot value by 1. The Money Balls Bonus pot value starts at 5 and has a Maximum value of 50. If the value on the Money Balls Bonus pot is greater than 46 and Money Balls appears on the reels, the Money Balls Bonus pot value does not increase. After each Free Spin, If 1 or more Money Balls appears on the reels and the Money Balls Bonus is not triggered, a x2, x3, or X5 multiplier may be added to 1 Money Balls symbol. Each Money Ball symbol on the reels appears with a value. Available values are 25 to 750 coins. If the Money Balls Bonus is not triggered and Money Ball (no value), Mini, Minor, Maxi, Money Balls, Money Balls with a multiplier, Jackpot Bonus, Jackpot Bonus Wild, Free Spins, Free Spins Wild appear on 3 or more adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel, all Money Ball values on those reels are awarded. If a Money Balls symbol appears with a multiplier, all Money Ball values appearing on 3 or more adjacent reels, beginning with the leftmost reel, are multiplied by the multiplier value before being awarded. Jackpot Bonus transforms into Jackpot Bonus Wild if a Money Ball pay is possible. +3 Free Spins and Free Spins transform into Free Spins Wild if a Money Ball pay is possible. If the Jackpot Bonus is triggered during the Free Spins Bonus, the Free Spins continue after the completion of the Jackpot Bonus. Free Spins end when 0 Free Spins remain or after 113 Free Spins have been played. If the number of won Free Spins is greater than 98 and Free Spins appears on the reels, no extra Free Spins will be awarded. 3.5. Jackpot Bonus During the base game and Free Spins, 1 or more Jackpot Bonus Symbols on the reels may randomly trigger the Jackpot Bonus. If no Money Balls, Free Spins, or Jackpot Bonus appear on the reels after a base game spin, the Jackpot Bonus may be awarded by the Dragon above the reels. If the Jackpot Bonus is triggered, select a Picker Coin to reveal a Grand Coin, Major Coin, Maxi Coin, Minor Coin, or Mini Coin Jackpot symbol. Continue selecting Picker Coin until 3 matching Jackpot symbols have been revealed. The Mini Coin, Minor Coin, and Maxi Coin Jackpot symbols may appear with a multiplier of x2, x3, or x5. A multiplier may appear on 1 Mini Coin, 1 Minor Coin, and 1 Maxi Coin per bonus. Win the Jackpot award corresponding to the 3 matching symbols. If one of the three matching symbols appears with a multiplier, the corresponding Jackpot value is multiplied by the awarded multiplier 4. Other game buttons 4.1. Desktop version The following buttons are available: Click this button to toggle the game sound on or off. Click this button to open the PAYOUTS tab, where you can view several screens: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in either credit or your real currency - to toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area. information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts, or specific awards; the game lines and basic game rules. To navigate among the various screens in the PAYOUTS tab, click on the left and right arrows at the bottom of the screen. RULES In the last of the screens from the PAYOUTS tab, click this button to view detailed game rules, in a new browser window. (in real mode only) This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Click on it to view the gameplay history, in a new browser window. This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Click on it to close the game and to open the home website, in the same browser window. (available while the reels are spinning) Click this button to stop the reels earlier. (available during winning animations) Click this button to skip the winning animations. (available only for specific jurisdictions) Click this button to activate Turbo mode. The Turbo mode speeds up the gameplay - the spin time is reduced to a minimum. 4.2. Mobile version The following buttons are available: Tap this button to toggle the game sound on or off. Tap this button to open the PAYOUTS tab, where you can view several screens: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in either credit or your real currency - to toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area. information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts, or specific awards; the game lines and basic game rules. To navigate among the various screens in the PAYOUTS tab, tap on the left and right arrows at the bottom of the screen. RULES In the last of the screens from the PAYOUTS tab, tap this button to view detailed game rules, in a new browser window. (in real mode only) This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap on it to view the gameplay history in a new browser window. This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap on it to close the game and to open the home website, in the same browser window. (available while the reels are spinning) Tap this button to stop the reels earlier. (available during winning animations) Tap this button to skip the winning animations. (available only for specific jurisdictions) Tap this button to activate Turbo mode. The Turbo mode speeds up the gameplay - the spin time is reduced to a minimum. Last modification date: 6/11/2025