Monopoly Level Up Plus MONOPOLY PLUS  Introduction How To Bet Auto Spin Feature Mystery Wild Bonus Board Bonus Level Up Plus  Feature Options Rules Additional Information Introduction Are you ready to become a Titan? Let MR. MONOPOLY level up your play experience permanently with Level Up Plus  . Leveling up unlocks exciting new Board Bonus features that permanently increase your payback. In the Mystery Wild Bonus, MR. MONOPOLY randomly rewards you with a fully-wild reel. Sometimes you can earn two wild reels or more in the same bonus. MR. MONOPOLY may even turn all five of your reels wild for an astoundingly big payout. In the Board Bonus, relive the big-money fun of the MONOPOLY board game. Gain two to four rolls initially, then move around the board experiencing bonus after bonus, collecting cash and extra rolls. Land on a property to bring up a mini-slot machine for a chance to win up to 9,000x your triggering line bet. When you collect enough MONOPOLY money in the Board Bonus, you unlock twelve new player movers and four new Board Bonus features. Express Train replaces the first train spot and transports you to the rich side of the board faster. Land on the Hot Property to double your mini-slot winnings, up to 18,000x your triggering line bet. Super Tax Relief replaces the non-paying Super Tax spot and lets you spin the golden slot machine to win up to 16,000x your triggering line bet. Land on the Super Hot Property to triple your mini-slot winnings, up to 27,000x your triggering line bet. Wow! Reach new levels of gaming riches with MONOPOLY PLUS  ! How To Bet MONOPOLY PLUS  features 30 paylines. You can choose how much to bet per line. LINE BET Displays current bet per line shown in currency. Click the left arrow (-) to decrease bet per line. Click the right arrow (+) to increase bet per line. LINES Displays the number of active paylines. Betting is fixed at 30 paylines. SPIN Click to spin the reels and submit your bet. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of games at 30 lines and the current line bet. Once you have selected your desired line bet, click AUTO SPIN and choose how many games you want to play. Auto Spin will keep playing the specified number of games until you click the STOP button, you trigger a Board Bonus, or your balance is insufficient to spin again. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Mystery Wild Bonus The Mystery Wild Bonus can be triggered after any base game reel outcome that does not contain a Logo symbol on the first reel or a Board Bonus symbol on any reel. When the Mystery Wild Bonus is triggered, MR. MONOPOLY suddenly appears, hopping from reel to reel until he selects a reel to turn wild. MR. MONOPOLY may continue turning reels wild, possibly turning all five reels wild for an enormous payout. Board Bonus You can trigger the Board Bonus by getting three Board Bonus symbols anywhere on the first, third and fifth reels. You are then prompted to pick one of the three Board Bonus symbols to reveal your initial number of rolls: two, three, or four. On your way to the Board Bonus, you are asked to pick your lucky mover. Your choice of mover does not affect your game payback. Pays awarded in the Board Bonus are multiplied by your bet per line on the reel spin that triggered the bonus. In the Board Bonus, MR. MONOPOLY prompts you to click the ROLL button to roll the dice. Your mover starts on the GO square. Your mover moves the number of board spots equal to your dice roll total. Rolling doubles earns you an extra roll. Rolling doubles three times in a row triggers the Jail Bonus. Different bonus features are awarded all along the board. Property Bonus: If you land on a property, you get one spin on a mini-slot machine. You can win both money and/or extra dice rolls depending on the symbols that land on the centre payline. As you progress around the board, the mini-slot machines offer richer and richer awards with Wild, 2xWild, and 3xWild symbols. See the paytable for details. Utility Bonus: If you land on a utility, you get one roll of the Utility dice. The higher the sum of the Utility dice, the bigger the award you win. See the paytable for details. Rolling doubles also earns you an extra roll in the Board Bonus. Your mover does not move based on the dice roll in the Utility Bonus. CHANCE/COMMUNITY CHEST Bonus: If you land on CHANCE or COMMUNITY CHEST, you receive a random card from the corresponding deck which may: Move your mover to a property spot Move your mover to a utility spot Move your mover to the GO square Award you a cash prize Award you extra rolls Send you directly to the Jail Bonus Railroad Bonus: If you land on a railroad, your mover advances to the next railroad spot on the board and you earn an extra roll. Free Parking Bonus: If you land on the Free Parking square, you earn an extra roll. Go to Jail: If you land on the Go to Jail square, your mover is sent directly to Jail and the Jail Bonus begins. You do not pass GO or collect the GO award when this happens. Jail Bonus: In the Jail Bonus, your mover is moved directly to the Jail square on the board. You do not collect the GO award when you go to the Jail Bonus. In the Jail Bonus, you have three attempts to roll doubles. If you roll doubles once in the three tries, you get out of Jail and receive a special award. (See the paytable for details.) Otherwise, you resume your Board Bonus from the Jail square. You do not get an extra roll if you roll doubles in the Jail Bonus. Also, your mover is not moved by any of your dice rolls in the Jail Bonus. GO Bonus: If you land on or pass the GO square, you are awarded 200x your triggering line bet. You do not collect this award when being sent to the Jail Bonus. Income Tax, Just Visiting, Super Tax: If you land on Income Tax, Just Visiting, or Super Tax, you receive no awards. Level Up Plus  Feature Earn MONOPOLY money as you play the Board Bonus for: Triggering the Board Bonus Landing on a property Landing on a utility Landing on or passing GO Landing on Income Tax, Just Visiting, or Super Tax You gain more MONOPOLY money for landing on properties on the richest sides of the board. The MONOPOLY money you earn persists across play sessions and carries over from game to game. The MONOPOLY money meter, visible in the top left corner of the Board Bonus or on the first page of the paytable, shows your MONOPOLY money balance and the percentage of completion until you reach the next level. When your MONOPOLY money balance reaches certain thresholds, you level up. See the paytable for the thresholds. When you level up, you gain a new title and immediately unlock either new player movers or new Board Bonus features. Additionally, the amount of MONOPOLY money you earn by landing on properties is boosted as you level up. Title Reward Unlocked Entrepreneur You start on this level. Leader Express Train: The first railroad spot becomes Express Train. Landing on Express Train moves you two railroad spots. Executive 4 New Player movers: Classic phone Gramophone Classic radio High-heeled shoe Luminary Hot Property: Each time you enter the Board Bonus, two randomly selected properties become the Hot Properties for that Board Bonus round. Each Hot Property is marked with a golden 2X. All cash awards won on a Hot Property are doubled. Baron 4 New Player movers: Biplane Luxury train Classic country car Motorcycle Tycoon Super Tax Relief: The Super Tax spot becomes Super Tax Relief. Land on Super Tax Relief to spin a special golden slot machine with 4X Wild symbols. New Chance card that sends your mover directly to Super Tax Relief. Mogul 4 New Player movers: Skyscraper Engagement ring Trans-Atlantic plane Classic luxury car Titan Super Hot Property: Each time you enter the Board Bonus, two randomly selected properties become the Super Hot Properties for that Board Bonus round. Each Super Hot Property is marked with a golden 3X. All cash awards won on a Super Hot Property are tripled. Super Hot Property replaces Hot Property. Options Graphics Quality Adjust the quality of the graphics to get the optimal animation performance. BEST mode - Graphics look best, but performance may suffer. HIGH mode (default) - Optimal graphics and performance setting. MEDIUM mode - Lower quality graphics but increased performance. LOW mode - Degraded graphics, but smoothest animation performance is achieved even on slower computers. Rules Malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. Only highest winner paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the line bet on the winning line. Coinciding wins on different paylines are added. Scatter awards are independent from payline awards and are also added to the total amount paid. The Board Bonus is limited to 50 rolls total. You have a different persistent MONOPOLY money balance for each currency in which you play the game. Awards are shown in currency. Regardless of your bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of any bonus plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the Board Bonus, the Board Bonus ends immediately irrespective of any remaining rolls. Additional Information In addition to the features described in the How to Bet section, the Controls Bar on the bottom of the game screen displays the current balance in the chosen currency, the amount paid if a win occurs, and the amount bet on the last/current proposition. The MONOPOLY name and logo, the distinctive design of the game board, the four corner squares, the MR. MONOPOLY name and character, as well as each of the distinctive elements of the board and playing pieces are trademarks of Hasbro for its property trading game and game equipment.   1935, 2011 Hasbro. All Rights Reserved. "WE'RE IN THE MONEY" written by Al Dubin and Harry Warren.   1933 (renewed) WB Music Corp. (ASCAP) All Rights Reserved. Used by permission. All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of IGT and/or its licensors in the U.S. and/or other countries.   2012 IGT. All rights reserved. Last updated 1 May 2012 Last modification date: 1/31/2017