Maria's Marigolds Enter the graveyard in Maria’s Marigolds , where Maria grants otherworldly riches with 2x wilds and reveals her hidden power in the Free Spins Bonus . Discover fabulous fortunes in the Free Spins Bonus with increasing multipliers on each spin! How to Bet Maria's Marigolds features 20 paylines. Bet Settings Menu Press the cog or TOTAL BET to open the Bet Settings menu. Coins Displays the current number of coins being played. Betting is fixed at 20 paylines. Coin Value Displays the current coin value shown in currency. Total Bet Displays the current total bet shown in currency. Change by selecting the desired total bet. On desktop devices, optionally press the minus button (–) to decrease the total bet or press the plus button (+) to increase the total bet. Press OK to confirm and close the Bet Settings menu. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current total bet. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins and where available, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. 2x Wilds Feature If 1 or more Maria Symbol substitutes in a win in the base game or in the Free Spins Bonus , that win is doubled, except for wins containing Maria Symbols only. Maria Symbol substitutes for all symbols except for Bonus Scatter Symbol. Free Spins Bonus The Free Spins Bonus is triggered when 3 or more Bonus Scatter Symbols appear anywhere on the reels. Choose a skull to reveal the number of free spins awarded. Each skull reveals a random number of free spins based on the number of triggering Bonus Symbols: Number of Bonus Symbols Free Spins Range 5 10 – 20 4 8 – 18 3 5 – 15 The Free Spins Bonus has an initial multiplier value of 1x and increases by 1x on each spin. Free spin wins are multiplied by the coin value and the bonus multiplier on the winning spin, except for wins containing 5 Maria Symbols only, which does not include a bonus multiplier. The reels in the Free Spins Bonus are richer than the base game reels. The Free Spins Bonus is retriggered when 3 or more Bonus Scatter Symbols appear anywhere on the reels. Retriggering the Free Spins Bonus awards additional free spins equal to the initial number of free spins. The bonus can be retriggered multiple times, up to a maximum of 50 free spins per bonus. Free spins are played at same coin value as the triggering spin. Options All Sound Toggle game sounds on or off. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far-left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the coin value on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Only the highest scatter win is paid. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Scatter wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. When 1 or more Maria symbols substitute in a win, that win is doubled, except for wins containing Maria Symbols only. Maria Symbol substitutes for all symbols except for Bonus Scatter Symbol. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there may be an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. RTP: 94.88% Last modification date: 8/3/2023