Mega Jackpots Wolf Run Run wild with the wolves in MegaJackpots Wolf Run . With the Stacked Wilds feature, this game howls with rich payouts! The reels in the Free Spins Bonus offer even more stacked Wilds and more chances to win the MegaJackpots progressive. How To Bet MegaJackpots Wolf Run features 40 paylines. Bet Configuration Menu (mobile/tablet) Press the coin stack icon to open the bet configuration menu. Press the check mark to confirm and close the bet configuration menu. Line Bet Displays the current line bet shown in currency. Lines Displays current number of lines being played. Betting is fixed at 40 paylines. Total Bet Displays the current total bet shown in currency. Press the minus button (–) to decrease the total bet. Press the plus button (+) to increase the total bet. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current line bet. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins and where available, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Winning the MegaJackpots Progressive Every bet offers a chance to win the MegaJackpots Progressive. The higher the bet, the better the odds of winning. Win the Jackpot with 20 MegaJackpots symbols in all reel positions on any base game spin or free spin in the Free Spins Bonus . After every spin that doesn't award the Jackpot, a behind-the-scenes Second Chance drawing occurs that can also award the MegaJackpots Progressive. The odds of winning the Jackpot are proportional to the actual bet amount within an accuracy of 3%. See Rules for information regarding payout. Stacked Wilds Feature The Stacked Wilds feature offers groups of four or more consecutive Wild symbols and MegaJackpots symbols on each reel. In the Free Spins Bonus , the Stacked Wilds feature is even richer and more plentiful. Free Spins Bonus The Free Spins Bonus is triggered when three Bonus scatter symbols appear anywhere on the centre reels. These symbols are only found on reels 2, 3, and 4. Triggering the Free Spins Bonus awards 5 free spins. The reels in the Free Spins Bonus have a richer, more plentiful Stacked Wilds feature than the base game reels. During the Free Spins Bonus , the bonus can be retriggered when three Bonus scatter symbols appear anywhere on the centre three reels. These symbols are only found on reels 2, 3, and 4. The bonus can be retriggered multiple times, up to a maximum of 255 free spins per bonus. Free spins are played at same line bet and same number of paylines as the triggering spin. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All winning symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the line bet on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Only the highest scatter win is paid. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Scatter wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Bonus scatter symbol appears on reels 2, 3, and 4 only. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction, excluding the MegaJackpots Progressive. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the Free Spins Bonus plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the Free Spins Bonus , the Free Spins Bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. MegaJackpots Rules When a player wins the Jackpot, a notification message appears. Customer service will contact the player within 24 hours with details of your Jackpot payout. The award verification may take up to 72 hours, and the win will not be reflected in your account balance. You may continue to play. It will not affect your Jackpot. The amount paid after verification is approximately the amount seen on the Jackpot meter when the win occurs. Potentially, the awarded Jackpot could be somewhat higher because of display delays. In an exceptionally rare case, two players may simultaneously win MegaJackpots . The order of the winners is determined solely by the timestamp applied to each transaction request as it is received by the MegaJackpots server. The official MegaJackpots winning outcome belongs to the player whose transaction timestamp is first. The player whose timestamp is second may win the jackpot Re-Seed Amount if their MegaJackpots winning outcome occurred just after the other player’s MegaJackpots win, but before the MegaJackpots meter was able to reset. All applicable taxes and fees in connection with any winnings awarded to the player, and any other payments to the winning player are his/her sole responsibility. Winnings cannot be transferred, substituted, or redeemed for any other consideration. Jackpot represents an increasing top award where the growth is funded by a fixed percentage of each bet placed by all players playing for the jackpot. Additional Information Lost Connection During Jackpot Win In the unlikely event of a lost connection or game reset during a jackpot-triggering spin, the jackpot will be awarded. Notification of the jackpot win will not appear on the game screen when the game is reloaded, and the win will not be reflected in your account balance. Any standard wins will be reflected in your account balance. Continued play, whether in this game or any other, does not affect the jackpot payout. The Customer Service Team will contact you within 24 hours with the details of your jackpot payout. The award verification may take up to 72 hours. Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size (except for the jackpot), balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. Last modification date: 8/10/2022