Mistress of Egypt The magical Mistress of Egypt gifts Wild Pyramids from above! Players will go wild for the Random Wilds feature in this mystical game, which awards scattered Wild symbols on the reels – up to 15 on each spin – and triggers on every spin in the Free Spins Bonus . Huge stacks of symbols create massive win potential! Scarab scatter symbols award even more free spins – up to 75 – for even more powerful chances of divine wins! How to Bet Mistress of Egypt features 30 paylines. Bet Configuration Menu (mobile/tablet) Press the arrow to open the bet configuration menu. Press the check mark to confirm and close the bet configuration menu. Coins Displays current number of coins being played. Betting is fixed at 30 paylines plus feature. Coin Value Displays the current coin value shown in currency. Total Bet Displays the current total bet shown in currency. Press the minus button (–) to decrease the total bet. Press the plus button (+) to increase the total bet. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. The theoretical return to player of this game is 94.20% Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current coin value. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Synchronised Reels Feature Each reel in Mistress of Egypt includes large stacks of the same symbol. Before each spin, a reel set with one of the stacked symbols is randomly selected. Any symbol may appear in any stack, except the Bonus scatter symbol and Wild symbol. The same symbol may appear in large stacks on multiple reels on the same spin. Random Wilds Feature During any base game spin, Wild Pyramids may appear on 3 to 15 symbol positions on the reels. Wins are evaluated after any Wild symbols appear. Free Spins Bonus The Free Spins Bonus is triggered when three or more Bonus scatter symbols appear anywhere on the reels. These symbols can be found on every reel. Number of Bonus Symbols Free Spins Awarded 3 10 4 20 5 75 The Random Wilds feature is triggered on every free spin. The Free Spins Bonus cannot be retriggered. Reels used in the Free Spins Bonus are different from the reels used in the base game. Free spins are played at the same coin value and same number of paylines as the triggering spin. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far-left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the coin value on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. The Wild symbol does not appear on the reels in the base game. However, when the Random Wilds feature triggers, Wilds symbol can appear on every reel. The Wild symbol does not appear on the reels in the Free Spins Bonus . However, the Random Wilds feature is triggered on every free spin and Wild symbols can appear on every reel. Wins are shown in currency. Randomly, a player may receive up to 3 sparks during each spin. The more sparks the player accumulates, the faster the pyramid may rotate. The number of sparks and rotation speed do not indicate a greater chance of triggering Wild symbols. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent, except in cases where one spin unlocks a feature for a subsequent spin or series of spins, per the game rules. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given spin of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next spin are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of spins by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. Intellectual Property © 2020 IGT. All rights reserved. All other trademarks used herein are owned by IGT or its affiliates, may not be used without permission, and where indicated with a ®, are registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. Last updated 20 August 2019 The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/5/2020