Magic Castle Welcome to the Magic Castle , a mystical palace where every spin offers the chance for multiplied fortunes! When the castle's enchantress, Leonora, appears on the reels during a win, she casts the Crystal Ball Multiplier spell to increase your winnings. If her familiars, the Wild Wolf or Wild Cat symbols, appear on reel 5, all the other Wolf or Cat symbols are magically converted into Wilds. Trigger the Free Spins Bonus and be awarded a random multiplier on every winning spin! And if Leonora appears on the reels when the Free Spins bonus is triggered, the initial 15 free spins are multiplied from 2 to 10 times! How To Bet Auto Spin Feature Crystal Ball Multiplier Feature Familiar Upgrade Feature Free Spins Bonus Rules Additional Information How To Bet Magic Castle features 40 paylines. LINE BET Displays current bet per line shown in currency. Click the left arrow (-) to decrease the line bet. Click the right arrow (+) to increase the line bet. 40 LINES Displays the number of lines being played which is fixed at 40 lines. SPIN Press to submit the bet and spin the reels. [ top ] Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current line bet. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until the STOP button is pressed, a bonus is triggered, or until the balance is insufficient to spin again. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. [ top ] Crystal Ball Multiplier Feature When a Leonora Wild symbol appears anywhere on the reels, all wins are multiplied by the random multiplier value revealed in her crystal ball. The random multiplier value is determined by the number of reels that contain the Leonora Wild symbols: # of Reels Multiplier Value 1 2x to 10x 2 3x to 10x 3 4x to 10x 4 5x to 10x 5 6x to 10x If the Free Spins Bonus is triggered when a Leonora Wild symbol appears anywhere on the reels, the number of free spins awarded is multiplied by the random multiplier shown in the table above. [ top ] Familiar Upgrade Feature Leonora's two familiars, the Wild Wolf and the Wild Cat assist her magic. When the Wild Cat symbol lands on reel 5, any Cat symbols appearing on any reel are transformed into Wild Cat symbols. When the Wild Wolf symbol lands on reel 5, any Wolf symbols appearing on any reel are transformed into Wild Wolf symbols. The Wild Cat and Wild Wolf symbols appear on reel 5 only. [ top ] Free Spins Bonus The Free Spins Bonus is triggered when three scattered Bonus symbols appear anywhere on the centre reels. These symbols are only found on reels 2, 3, and 4. Triggering the Free Spins Bonus awards 15 free spins. If the bonus is triggered when a Leonora Wild symbol appears on the reels, 15 spins times the revealed Crystal Ball Multiplier are awarded. Every spin during the bonus triggers a random multiplier. If a Leonora Wild symbol appears, the Crystal Ball Multiplier is triggered. If no Leonora Wild symbols appear, a random multiplier is applied. The multiplier range is determined by the number of reels that contain Leonora Wild symbols: # of Reels Multiplier Value 0 2x to 10x 1 2x to 10x 2 3x to 10x 3 4x to 10x 4 5x to 10x 5 6x to 10x The Free Spins Bonus is retriggered when three scattered Bonus symbols appear anywhere on the centre three reels. An additional 15 free spins times the revealed multiplier are awarded. The bonus can be retriggered multiple times, up to a maximum of 300 free spins per bonus. Free Spins are played at the same line bet and same number of paylines as the triggering spin. [ top ] Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. Only highest winner paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the line bet on the winning line. Coinciding wins on different paylines are added. Bonus wins are independent from payline wins and are also added to the total amount paid. Bonus scatter symbol appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 only in the base and bonus game. Wild Cat and Wild Wolf symbols appear on reel 5 only in the base and bonus game. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the Free Spins Bonus , plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in a bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. [ top ] Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent, except in cases where one spin unlocks a feature for a subsequent spin or series of spins, per the game rules. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. Intellectual Property All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of IGT in the U.S. and/or other countries. © 2017 IGT. All rights reserved. [ top ] Last modification date: 5/10/2017