Monkey Drop In Monkey Drop , a mischievous monkey is swinging around and dropping balls onto the peg board below. If three balls land in the same container, you win! If you manage to drop a ball into the center bonus container, you’ll trigger the bonus round and get an extra chance to win big! How to Play About the Game Starting a Game Playing the Game Game Completion Rules Additional Information How to Play Ticket Cost Displays the current ticket cost. Press the left arrow (–) to decrease the ticket cost. Press the right arrow (+) to increase the ticket cost. Press BUY to deduct the ticket cost from the balance and play the game. About the Game The object of Monkey Drop is to drop three balls into the same container to win a prize. Dropping a single ball into the center container triggers the bonus round where the player picks one of three instant win prizes. Starting a Game After ticket purchase, the game reveals a swinging monkey, a peg board, a meter displaying the number of balls remaining, a prize table, six distinctly colored containers each marked with a banana-shaped meter, one bonus container, and a DROP button. Playing the Game To play, press the DROP button or press on the monkey to release a ball onto the peg board. When a ball lands in a container, a segment of the banana meter for that container is highlighted. If three balls land in the same container, the banana meter will fill completely and flash to indicate the win. If a ball lands in the bonus container, the game transitions to a bonus round featuring three sleeping monkeys. Select one of the monkeys to reveal its prize value. Bonus round instant wins are immediately added to the total prize winnings. Game Completion When all seven balls have been dropped onto the peg board, the game ends. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. Instant wins are added to total winning prize values. Wins display as currency. Additional Information Expected Payback For this game, the long-term, theoretically-expected payback is from 85.00% to 93.00%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Intellectual Property © 2017 IGT. All rights reserved. All other trademarks used herein are owned by IGT or its affiliates, may not be used without permission, and where indicated with a ®, are registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. Last updated 23 March 2017. Last modification date: 6/8/2020