Mystery Express All aboard! Pack your bags for a train journey of intrigue in Mystery Express ! Accompany the mysterious Christopher and Isabella through the capital cities of Europe as you unlock new levels and locations with the popular Level Up Plus feature. Watch for the golden locomotive that precedes the Mystery Wilds feature in the base game – it can trigger on any spin and turn 1 to 5 reels wild! Trigger the Bon Voyage Bonus and roll the dice up to 50 times to progress along the map to new locations and bigger awards. How to Bet Mystery Express features 30 paylines. Lines Displays the current number of paylines. Betting is fixed at 30 paylines. Line Bet Displays the current bet per line shown in currency. Total Bet Displays the current total bet shown in currency. Press the minus button (–) to decrease the total bet. Press the plus button (+) to increase the total bet. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. The theoretical return to player of this game is 94.05%. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current total bet. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Mystery Wild Bonus The Mystery Wild Bonus can be triggered after any base game outcome that does not contain a Wild symbol on the first reel or a Bonus symbol on any reel. When the Mystery Wild Bonus triggers, trains randomly appear and turn 1 to 5 reels to Wild reels. After 1 to 5 reels are turned wild, all wins are evaluated and paid based on this new final reel state. No wins are awarded before this final state. Bon Voyage Bonus Trigger the Bon Voyage Bonus when three Bonus scatter symbols appear anywhere on the first, third and fifth reel. If there is a Bonus symbol on the first and third reel and no win, there is a second chance for the Bonus symbol to appear on the fifth reel and trigger Bon Voyage Bonus . Pick one of the three Bonus symbols to reveal the initial number of dice rolls: two, three, or four. Depending on the level reached, the journey could start from London, Paris, Venice or Istanbul. Press the ROLL button to roll the dice and move the train around the map. Different bonus features are awarded around the map. Extra Ticket: Landing on an Extra Ticket spot awards 1 or 2 extra rolls. Multiplier: Landing on a Multiplier spot awards from 2 to 10 times the total bet. Mini Slot Bonus: Landing on Paris, Belgrade, Budapest, or Brussels triggers the Mini Slot Bonus. The Mini Slot machines offer richer and richer awards with 2xWild, 3xWild and 4xWild symbols as the levels increase. See the paytable for details. Wheel Bonus: Landing on London, Venice, Istanbul or Vienna triggers the Wheel Bonus. Wheel awards are richer as levels increase. See the paytable for details. Mystery Box: Landing on a Diamond spot has no effect until the Explorer level. At the Explorer level, the Diamond spot becomes a Mystery Box spot. Pick one Mystery Box and win up to 200 times the total bet. The Bon Voyage Bonus is limited to 50 dice rolls. Level Up Plus Feature Each time a Bonus symbol appears on the reels in the base game, Travel Experience points are awarded. Earn more Travel Experience points and level up by: Triggering the Bon Voyage Bonus Landing on Extra Ticket spot Landing on Mini Slot Bonus spot Landing on Wheel Bonus spot Travel Experience points persist across play sessions and are carried over from game to game. The Travel Experience points meter, visible in the top-left corner, shows the Travel Experience points balance and the percentage of completion required to reach the next level. When the Travel Experience points balance reaches certain thresholds, level up is awarded. See the paytable for the thresholds. When a level up is triggered, a new title is awarded and immediately unlocks new Bon Voyage Bonus features. Level Title Rewards 1 Traveler Start at this level. Train starts from London. Mini Slot machines and Wheels are Copper. 2 Voyager Paris background is unlocked. Train starts from Paris. Mini Slot machines and Wheels are Bronze with richer awards. 1st set of attire unlocked. 3 Adventurer Venice background is unlocked. Train starts from Venice. Mini Slot machines and Wheels are Silver with richer awards. 2nd set of attire unlocked. 4 Explorer Mystery Box Bonus unlocked on the spot before Venice. 5 Globetrotter Istanbul background is unlocked. Train starts from Istanbul. Mini Slot machines and Wheels are Gold with richer awards. 3rd set of attire unlocked. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far-left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the line bet on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. The Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols excluding the Bonus symbol. Bon Voyage Bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Bonus scatter symbols appear on reels 1, 3, and 5 in the base game only. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent, except in cases where one spin unlocks a feature for a subsequent spin or series of spins, per the game rules. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. Intellectual Property © 2020 IGT. All rights reserved. All other trademarks used herein are owned by IGT or its affiliates, may not be used without permission, and where indicated with a ®, are registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. Last modification date: 12/27/2021