Nouveau Riche Enter a bejewelled world of splendour, where beautiful muses lead you to riches beyond compare. Enjoy the excitement of the FreeFall Symbols and Stacked Wilds features in one game, with a chance to trigger a bonus on every spin! How to Bet Auto Spin Feature FreeFall Symbols Feature Free Spins Bonus Options Rules Additional Information How to Bet Nouveau Riche features 20 paylines. LINE BET Displays the current bet per line shown in currency. Press the left arrow (-) to decrease the bet per line. Press the right arrow (+) to increase the bet per line. LINES Displays the number of paylines. 20 paylines are always played. SPIN Press to spin the reels and submit the bet. [ top ] Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a selected number of spins at the current line bet. Select the desired line bet, press AUTO SPIN and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until the STOP button is pressed, a bonus is triggered, or the balance is insufficient to spin again. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. [ top ] FreeFall Symbols Feature On any winning symbol combination: All winning symbol combinations are evaluated and award values are added to the win meter. All symbols in winning combinations disappear. Empty spaces are filled as symbols cascade from above, in sequence. The reels are evaluated again for winning symbol combinations and values are added to the win meter. The FreeFall Symbols Feature repeats until no winning symbol combinations appear. [ top ] Free Spins Bonus The Free Spins Bonus is triggered by getting three Bonus symbols on a payline. Bonus symbols are only available on reels 1, 2, and 3. Select one of the three muses to reveal the initial number of free spins for the bonus. On any free spin, a +1 Extra Spin symbol on reel 3 awards one additional free spin, up to a maximum of 100 spins per bonus. The +1 Extra Spin symbol is only available on reel 3, and is considered a winning symbol combination for the FreeFall Symbols feature. The reels in the Free Spins Bonus have a richer, more plentiful Stacked Wilds feature than the base game reels. Free spins are played at same line bet as the triggering game. [ top ] Options Graphics Quality: BEST - Graphics look best, but performance may suffer HIGH - Optimal graphics and performance setting MEDIUM - Lower quality, but increased performance LOW - Degraded graphics, but smoothest animation performance on slower computers [ top ] Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. Wild symbol appears on reels 2, 3, and 4 only. Bonus symbol appears on reels 1, 2, and 3 in the base game. Reels used in the Free Spins Bonus are different from the reels used in the base game. +1 Extra Spin symbols appear on reel 3 in the Free Spins Bonus only. Coinciding wins on different paylines are added. Scatter wins are independent from payline wins and are also added to the total amount paid. Wins are shown in currency. Regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the Free Spins Bonus plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately irrespective of any remaining free spins. [ top ] Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given spin of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next spin are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of spins by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. Intellectual Property All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of IGT in the U.S. and/or other countries. © 2014 IGT. All rights reserved. [ top ] Last modification date: 12/27/2021