Nordic Heroes Nordic Heroes Chart your path to an amazing adventure of fortune in Nordic Heroes ! Play as Thora, a skilled elf archer, on a courageous quest. Defeat monsters in the Battle Bonus to level up and permanently increase your payback through the power of Level Up Plus . As you level up, unlock new weapons, a new hero and a new realm! Gain up to a 20x multiplier in the base game Mystery Multiplier feature and keep spinning in the Battle Bonus until you defeat all monsters or your character is defeated. Collect all four achievements by defeating boss monsters. Level up your hero and your gaming excitement with Nordic Heroes ! How To Bet Auto Spin Feature Character Picker Realm Picker Level Up Plus Feature Mystery Multiplier Feature Battle Bonus Achievements Options Rules Additional Information How To Bet Nordic Heroes features 30 paylines. LINE BET Displays the current bet per line shown in currency. Press the left arrow (–) to decrease the bet per line. Press the right arrow (+) to increase the bet per line. LINES Lines are fixed at 30 paylines. SPIN BUTTON Press to submit the bet and spin the reels. [ top ] Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current line bet and number of paylines selected. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until the STOP button is pressed, a bonus is triggered, or the balance is insufficient to spin again. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. [ top ] Character Picker Click on a character portrait to change your character. This will bring up the character picker screen. Click on the character portrait of your desired character, or click OK to keep your current character. Ragnar is not available for picking until you have reached Level 3. Your choice of character: Wields unique weapons and items in the Battle Bonus Has unique reel symbols in the base game and Battle Bonus free spins Both characters have virtually the same long-term expected payout. [ top ] Realm Picker Click on the compass to change your realm. This will bring up the realm picker screen. Click on the picture of your desired realm, or click OK to keep your current realm. The Sea of Glory is not available for picking until you have reached Level 5. Your choice of realm: Has unique monsters to fight in the Battle Bonus Has unique free spins feature in the Battle Bonus Has unique reel symbols in the base game and Battle Bonus free spins Has unique backgrounds in the base game and Battle Bonus Both realms have virtually the same long-term expected payout. [ top ] Level Up Plus Feature Permanently increase the payback of your game and unlock new game features with Level Up Plus . Collect XP (Experience Points) by defeating monsters in the Battle Bonus. When your total XP exceeds a given threshold, you level up. See the paytable for details. Your XP and current level are saved across play sessions. Level Title Reward 1 Wanderer Thora starts with these attacks: Item Damage Frequency Arrow 1 Often Falcon 2 Very Often 2 Traveler Permanent Payback Boost Unlock Thora's Boots that evade damage: Item Damage Frequency Special Boots 0 Rare Evades all damage and stun attacks Spiked Boots 1 Rare Evades all damage and stun attacks Flaming Boots 2 Rare Evades all damage and stun attacks 3 Explorer Unlock new character, Ragnar Item Damage Frequency Special Hammer 2 Often Wolf 3 Often Shield 0 Rare Blocks 1 damage Spiked Shield 2 Rare Blocks 1 damage Flaming Shield 3 Rare Blocks 1 damage Click character portrait to change your character. 4 Adventurer Permanent Payback Boost Thora and Ragnar gain powerful new weapons! Character Item Damage Frequency Thora Fire Arrow 3 Rare Ragnar Fire Hammer 10 Rare 5 Defender Unlock new realm: Sea of Glory Click the compass to change your realm. 6 Slayer Permanent Payback Boost Unlock a new multiplier reel. Wins in the Mystery Multiplier feature can be multiplied by up to 25x. 7 Hero Unlock a new multiplier reel. Wins in the Mystery Multiplier feature can be multiplied by up to 30x. 8 Champion Permanent Payback Boost Thora and Ragnar gain new weapons that stun! Character Item Damage Frequency Special Thora Ice Arrow 1 Rare Stuns for 1 spin Ragnar Ice Hammer 2 Rare Stuns for 1 spin [ top ] Battle Bonus The Battle Bonus is triggered by getting three Bonus scatter symbols anywhere on the reels. These symbols are only found on reels 1, 3, and 5. Triggering the Battle Bonus lets you keep spinning as long as your character has health or until you have defeated all three monsters. After each free spin, battle reels spin for the character and current monster. Battle reel symbols do damage, protect against damage, or stun. See the paytable for details. Defeat three monsters to earn 1, 2, 5, or 10 Victory Spins. The number of Victory Spins depends on the character, the realm, and the number of spins it took to defeat the third monster. In the Forest of Fortune Battle Bonus, there is a Roaming Wild symbol on each spin that appears on any of the first four reels. During the Boar battle, there is a Roaming 2x Wild symbol on each spin that appears on any of the first four reels. During the Dark Elf battle and Victory Spins, there is a Roaming 4x Wild symbol on each spin that appears on any of the first four reels. The Roaming Wild symbols substitute for scatter symbols too. In the Sea of Glory Battle Bonus, there is one random Wild Reel on each spin. The Wild Reel appears on any reel during the Crab battle. The Wild Reel appears on reels 1, 2, and 3 during the Squid battle. During the Sea Serpent battle and Victory Spins, a Wild Reel appears on reel 5 and on reels 1, 2, 3, or 4. The Wild Reel does not substitute for scatter symbols. Free spins are played at same line bet and same number of paylines as the triggering game. Forest of Fortune Battle Bonus Monsters Order Monster Health Details 1 Wolf 3 Attack Damage Frequency Jaws 1 Very Often 2 Boar 5 Attack Damage Frequency Special Tusks 1 Often Blocks 1 damage Charge 3 Rare 3 Dark Elf 6 Attack Damage Frequency Special Evil Arrow 1 Very Rare Raven 2 Rare Boots 0 Rare Evades all damage and stun attacks Spiked Boots 1 Very Rare Evades all damage and stun attacks Flaming Boots 2 Rare Evades all damage and stun attacks Sea of Glory Battle Bonus Monsters Order Monster Health Details 1 Giant Crab 4 Attack Damage Frequency Claw 1 Often 2 Squid 5 Attack Damage Frequency Special Ink 2 Often Stuns for 1 spin 3 Sea Serpent 6 Attack Damage Frequency Tail 3 Rare Jaws 4 Rare [ top ] Achievements There are four achievements available in the game: Defeat the Dark Elf with Thora Defeat the Dark Elf with Ragnar Defeat the Sea Serpent with Thora Defeat the Sea Serpent with Ragnar Achievements are fun goals, but do not give any monetary rewards. Achievements are saved across play sessions. [ top ] Options Graphics Quality Adjust the quality of the graphics to get the optimal animation performance. BEST mode - Highest quality graphics, but performance may suffer. HIGH mode (default) - Balance graphics and performance setting. MEDIUM mode - Lower quality but increased performance. LOW mode - Minimal graphics, but smoothest animation performance is achieved even on slower computers. [top ] Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the line bet on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Only the highest scatter win is paid per scatter symbol. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Scatter wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Wins are shown in currency. Changing devices during a bonus may affect your saved XP. This rare case may arise if you begin a bonus on a mobile or desktop device, then play for an extended time on a different device. If you return to the first device and try to finish the bonus, your total XP may revert to the original XP you had when the bonus first began. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the Battle Bonus plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins or the character still has health. [ top ] Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. Intellectual Property All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of IGT in the U.S. and/or other countries. © 2016 IGT. All rights reserved. [ top ] Last modification date: 12/27/2021