Natural Powers The full force of Nature has been unleashed in Natural Powers ! Along with four super heroines, who have the four elements at their command, this game offers the excitement of the FreeFall Symbols feature and the thrill of five mystery features. Just when you think your spin is over, Wind, Fire, Earth, Ice, or the entire team may appear on the scene to remove symbols and keep the action going. In the Free Spins Bonus, choose a character whose power suits your play style to enjoy more free spins or higher multipliers. Backstory How to Bet Auto Spin Feature FreeFall Symbols Feature Mystery features Free Spins Bonus Options Rules Additional Information Backstory Storm season had come and gone, and it was a quiet time at the Storm Channel. The station was starting to rebroadcast coverage of old storms, when suddenly there was a blip on the radar in the mobile weather van. The blip grew, and so did the excitement of the four beautiful reporters manning the van. They broadcast an alarm and headed out to cover the growing tempest. It was a monster storm, creating a huge swath of destruction as it advanced from the coast towards a major metropolitan area. Hurricane force winds ripped trees from the ground. Powerful blasts of lightning ignited everything in their path. Earthquakes shook the countryside. Torrents of hail coated the land with sheets of ice. The storm moved at an amazing pace, and when the reporters spotted the sinister clouds racing towards the city, they could see there would be no time for the people to flee. The city was doomed! They could have made an escape to save themselves, but it wasn't in their nature. Besides, the right coverage could earn one of them the coveted weekend anchor spot. So they forged on, until the forces engulfed their van, and they were sure that they were done for. As they stepped out to bravely cover the story, the wind raged, lightning struck, the earth trembled, and the ground froze. The four were knocked senseless. Mysteriously, the sky cleared and the storm was gone! As each reporter regained her senses, she realized something had happened to her: some part of the storm had imbued its power to her. Now Wind, Fire, Earth, and Ice have devoted these powers to doing good. And sometimes to catfighting. And sometimes to influencing slot machines. These are the mighty women of Natural Powers ! [ top ] How to Bet Natural Powers features 40 paylines and five mystery features. COIN VALUE Displays the current coin value as currency. Press the left arrow (-) to decrease the coin value. Press the right arrow (+) to increase the coin value. 40 LINES + FEATURE Displays the current number of coins being played. Betting is fixed at 40 paylines plus all bonus features at a cost of 60 coins. Spin Button Press to submit the bet and spin the reels. [ top ] Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a selected number of games at the current number of lines and coin value. Select the desired coin value, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until the STOP button is pressed, a bonus is triggered, or the balance is insufficient to spin again. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. [ top ] FreeFall Symbols Feature On any winning symbol combination: 1. All winning symbol combinations are evaluated and award values are added to the win meter. 2. All symbols in winning combinations disappear. 3. Empty spaces are filled as symbols cascade from above, in sequence. 4. The reels are evaluated again for winning symbol combinations and values are added to the win meter. 5. The FreeFall Symbols feature repeats until no winning symbol combinations appear. [ top ] Mystery Features Randomly, after a base game spin and any resulting action from the FreeFall Symbols feature have completed, one of the following mystery features may be triggered. Any symbols removed from the reels are replaced with symbols cascading from above. On certain reels, Wild symbols cascade to replace symbols removed. For the Super Team feature, a Bonus symbol cascades. Earth and Ice do not remove Wild or Bonus symbols. Wind Wind blows all Fire and Ice symbols from the reels (Fire, Ice, and FireIce Logo symbols). Fire Fire burns all Wind and Earth symbols from the reels (Wind, Earth, and WindEarth Logo symbols). Earth Earth makes a random pattern of symbols leave the reels. Ice Ice freezes away a random pattern of symbols. Super Team The entire team may appear together when there are two Bonus symbols on the reels to cause a third Bonus symbol to cascade, triggering the Free Spins Bonus! [ top ] Free Spins Bonus Trigger the Free Spins Bonus with three scattered Bonus symbols. Bonus symbols appear on reels 1, 3, and 5 only in the base game. Choose the number of free spins and the range of multipliers from the following bonus options: Fire - 5 free spins with 8x-10x multipliers Wind - 8 free spins with 4x-10x multipliers Ice - 12 free spins with 3x-5x multipliers Earth - 15 free spins with 2x-4x multipliers At the start of each free spin, a random multiplier is chosen from the range. The Free Spins Bonus cannot be retriggered. The bet in the bonus is equal to the bet on the reel spin that triggered the bonus. [ top ] Options Graphics Quality Adjust the quality of the graphics to get the optimal animation performance. BEST mode - Highest quality graphics, but performance may suffer. HIGH mode (default) - Balanced graphics and performance setting. MEDIUM mode - Lower quality but increased performance. LOW mode - Minimal graphics, but smoothest animation performance is achieved even on slower computers. [ top ] Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. Wild symbol appears on reels 2, 3, and 4 only. Bonus symbol appears on reels 1, 3, and 5 only in the base game. Only highest win paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the coin value. Coinciding wins on different paylines are added. Wins are shown in currency. Reels used in Free Spins Bonus are different from the reels used in the base game. Regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the Free Spins Bonus plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. [ top ] Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. The theoretical return to player of this game is 96.47% Intellectual Property All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of IGT in the U.S. and/or other countries. © 2014 IGT. All rights reserved. Last modification date: 12/27/2021