Ocean Magic Plunge to the bountiful depths in Ocean Magic . Experience Wild Bubbles, where more wild bubbles can appear every spin, floating up the reels to create win after win. When a wild bubble lands on an Ocean Magic symbol, the wild bubble expands to cover all adjacent symbol positions for gigantic wins. Activate the Bubble Boost feature and watch the Golden Mermaid release even more Wild Bubbles from her Golden Horn. Trigger the Free Spin Bonus and pop Wild Bubbles to reveal additional free spins or extra bubble picks! How To Bet Auto Spin Feature Wild Bubble Feature Bubble Boost Feature Pick Feature Free Spins Bonus Rules Additional Information How To Bet Ocean Magic features 5 fixed paylines. Bet Configuration Menu (mobile/tablet devices only) Press the arrow to open the bet configuration menu. Press the check mark to confirm and close the bet configuration menu. Bubble Boost Side Bet Press the Bubble Boost button to increase the number of Wild Bubbles appearing on the reels. The Bubble Boost feature costs additional 50 coins. Coin Value Press the left arrow (-) to decrease the coin value in currency. Press the right arrow (+) to increase the coin value in currency. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. [ top ] Auto Spin Feature (Desktop only) Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current coin value and bet configuration (Bubble Boost enabled or disabled). After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, or until the balance is insufficient to spin again. For UK jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. [ top ] Wild Bubble Feature One or more bubbles may appear randomly below each reel and move up one position during a reel spin. When the reels stop, the bubble lands on a symbol turning the symbol in that position wild. If a bubble lands on an Ocean Magic symbol, the Wild symbol appears on all adjacent symbols. When a bubble expands in this way, only the original bubble moves upward during the next spin. Bubbles disappear when they move past the top row. If a bubble lands on a Bonus symbol, it become wild and keeps its bonus trigger functionality. [ top ] Bubble Boost Feature Press the Wild Bubble button to activate the Bubble Boost feature. When the Bubble Boost feature is activated, up to 7 extra bubbles appear from the Golden Horn and move to random positions on the reels. Bubble Boost bubbles function in exactly the same way as Wild Bubbles. Bubbles generated from the Golden Horn do not land on the top position of a reel, the bottom position of a reel, or on any reel position in which a bubble already exists. [ top ] Pick Feature The Pick feature is triggered when 3 or more Bonus scatter symbols appear anywhere on the reels. 3 Bonus Symbols 4 Bonus Symbols 5 Bonus Symbols 5 Picks 10 Picks 20 Pick Select floating bubbles to reveal 2 to 3 extra picks, or 1 to 5 additional free spins. The Pick feature can be retriggered up to 4 times per bonus. The maximum number of extra pick bubbles available during the Pick feature is 5. The total number of possible picks during the Pick feature is 35. [ top ] Free Spins Bonus The Free Spins Bonus begins after the final bubble is selected during the Pick feature. At the start of the bonus, two bubbles appear, one beneath reel 1 and one beneath reel 5. The Free Spins Bonus is retriggered when three or more Bonus scatter symbols appear anywhere on the reels. Retriggering the Free Spins Bonus awards an additional Pick feature. If enabled in the base game, the Bubble Boost feature also enabled during the Free Spins Bonus. The Free Spins Bonus can be retriggered up to 4 times per bonus. The bonus can be retriggered multiple times, up to a maximum of 750 free spins per bonus. Free spins are played at the same coin value as the triggering spin. [ top ] Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. Activating the Bubble Boost feature doubles the coin value. Player's bubble selection during the Pick feature does not affect the outcome of the Pick feature. The bubble positions on the reels are persistent per bet level. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the left most reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the coin value on the winning line. Coinciding wins on different paylines are added. Bonus wins are independent of payline wins and are added to the total amount paid. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the Free Spins Bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in a bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. [ top ] Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent, except in cases where one spin unlocks a feature for a subsequent spin or series of spins, per the game rules. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. RTP: 94.14% Intellectual Property © 2017 IGT. All rights reserved. All other trademarks used herein are owned by IGT or its affiliates, may not be used without permission, and where indicated with a ®, are registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. [ top ] Last modification date: 12/27/2021