Ocean Belles Return to the time of vintage glamour with the lovely ladies of MegaJackpots Ocean Belles and cruise for big wins! Set sail on the open seas and enjoy the charming company of these alluring and free-spirited pin-up girls. When 2 Kiss symbols appear on the same reel, that reel becomes wild for the next 2 spins. Multiple reels can become wild at the same time! Navigate a wealth of choices in the Free Spins Bonus , where you can choose your number of free spins and random Wild Reels. Win the MegaJackpots progressive when you collect 5 Golden Kiss symbols! The higher your bet, the better your odds of winning the MegaJackpots progressive. How to Bet MegaJackpots Ocean Belles features 75 paylines. Lines Displays the current number of lines being played. Betting is fixed at 75 paylines. Total Bet Displays the current total bet shown in currency. Press the minus button (–) to decrease the total bet. Press the plus button (+) to increase the total bet. Press TOTAL BET to open the bet selection menu. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current total bet selected. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Winning the MegaJackpots Progressive Every bet offers a chance to win the MegaJackpots progressive. The higher the bet, the better the odds of winning. Win the Jackpot when 5 Golden Kisses are collected under each reel. Golden Kiss symbols stay under the reels until the progressive is won or until the Wild Stays 2 Plays feature is activated for the reel that contains the Golden Kiss symbol. It is possible to collect up to 5 Golden Kiss symbols. If 5 Golden Kiss symbols are collected MegaJackpots progressive is awarded, and Golden Kiss symbols collected are converted into Kiss symbols. After every spin that doesn't award the Jackpot, a behind-the-scenes Second Chance drawing occurs that can also award the MegaJackpots progressive. The odds of winning the Jackpot are proportional to the bet amount. For example, a player playing at a 0.20 line bet has twice the chance of winning the MegaJackpots progressive as a player playing at a 0.10 line bet in the same game and currency. The expected return to player is the same for both players. Synchronized Reels Feature Each reel in MegaJackpots Ocean Belles includes large stacks of the same symbol. Before each spin, a reel set with one of the stacked symbols is randomly selected. Any symbol may appear in any stack, except the Bonus scatter symbol, the Red Kiss symbol and the Golden Kiss symbol. The same symbol may appear in large stacks on multiple reels on the same spin. Wild Stays 2 Plays Feature Collect 2 Kiss symbols (any combination of Red Kiss or Golden Kiss symbols) on a reel to activate the Wild Stays 2 Plays feature. A collector below each reel indicates how many Kiss symbols have been collected. When 2 Kiss symbols have been collected, the reel on which the feature was triggered becomes Wild for the next 2 spins, after which the collector below the reel resets. Player Decision Free Spins Bonus The Player Decision Free Spins Bonus is triggered when three or more Bonus scatter symbols appear anywhere on the reels. Choose from the three options displayed in the picker. The options presented depend on how many Bonus symbols were on the reels when the bonus was triggered. 3 Bonus Symbols 4 Bonus Symbols 5 Bonus Symbols 30 free spins with 1 random Wild Reel 60 free spins with 1 random Wild Reel 90 free spins with 1 random Wild Reel 15 free spins with 2 random Wild Reels 30 free spins with 2 random Wild Reels 45 free spins with 2 random Wild Reels 5 free spins with 3 random Wild Reels 10 free spins with 3 random Wild Reels 15 free spins with 3 random Wild Reels The bonus can be retriggered up to a maximum of 4 times. Reels used in the Free Spins Bonus are different from the reels used in the base game. Free spins are played at same total bet as the triggering spin. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far-left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the line bet on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Kiss symbols appear in the base game only. Bonus Scatter symbols appear in the base game and in the Free Spins Bonus . The bonus can be triggered up to 5 times (1 time + 4 retriggers) from a single spin. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction, excluding the MegaJackpots progressive. See the Paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the Free Spins Bonus plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. The theoretical return to the player (RTP) is 89% MegaJackpots Rules When a player wins the Jackpot, a notification message appears. Customer service will contact you within 24 hours with details of your Jackpot payout. The award verification may take up to 72 hours, and the win will not be reflected in your account balance. You may continue to play. It will not affect your Jackpot. The amount paid after verification is approximately the amount seen on the Jackpot meter when the win occurs. Potentially, the awarded Jackpot could be somewhat higher because of display delays. In an exceptionally rare case, two players may simultaneously win MegaJackpots . The order of the winners is determined solely by the timestamp applied to each transaction request as it is received by the MegaJackpots server. The official MegaJackpots winning outcome belongs to the player whose transaction timestamp is first. The player whose timestamp is second may win the jackpot Re-Seed Amount if their MegaJackpots winning outcome occurred just after the other player’s MegaJackpots win, but before the MegaJackpots meter was able to reset. All applicable taxes and fees in connection with any winnings awarded to the player, and any other payments to the winning player are his/her sole responsibility. Winnings cannot be transferred, substituted, or redeemed for any other consideration. Jackpot represents an increasing top award where the growth is funded by a fixed percentage of each bet placed by all players playing for the jackpot. Additional Information Lost Connection During Jackpot Win In the unlikely event of a lost connection or game reset during a jackpot-triggering spin, the jackpot will be awarded. Notification of the jackpot win will not appear on the game screen when the game is reloaded, and the win will not be reflected in your account balance. Any standard wins will be reflected in your account balance. Continued play, whether in this game or any other, does not affect the jackpot payout. The Customer Service Team will contact you within 24 hours with the details of your jackpot payout. The award verification may take up to 72 hours. Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent, except in cases where one spin unlocks a feature for a subsequent spin or series of spins, per the game rules. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size (except the jackpot), balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. Last modification date: 8/4/2021