Pharaoh's Fortune Party in the pyramid like it's 1999 B.C. and find your big-win groove! Dance the night away with the Pharaoh as you unearth ancient riches in this blockbuster classic. Trigger the Free Spins Bonus and choose stone blocks to earn up to 25 free spins with a 6x multiplier as you unlock the secrets of the Pharaoh's tomb. The bonus offers an additional 5 paylines, a guaranteed win on every spin, and can be retriggered for even more free spins! How to Bet Pharaoh's Fortune features 15 paylines in the base game and 20 paylines in the Free Spins Bonus . Bet Configuration Menu Press the cog icon to open the bet configuration menu. Press OK to confirm and close the bet configuration menu. Coins Displays the current number of coins being played. Betting is fixed at 15 paylines in the base game and 20 paylines in the Free Spins Bonus . Coin Value Displays the current coin value shown in currency. Total Bet Displays the current total bet shown in currency. Press the minus button (–) to decrease the total bet. Press the plus button (+) to increase the total bet. Press TOTAL BET to open the bet selection menu. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current total bet and number of paylines selected. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Scatter Wins Two or more Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on the reels pays a scatter win. The more Scatter symbols, the bigger the win. The Scatter symbol in the Free Spins Bonus is different from the base game Scatter symbol, and is paid according to a different paytable. In addition, during the Free Spins Bonus , the scatter win is multiplied by 20x the triggering coin value. Free Spins Bonus The Free Spins Bonus is triggered when three Bonus symbols appear on consecutive reels on a payline. These symbols are only found on reels 1, 2, and 3. Triggering the Free Spins Bonus awards an initial 3 free spins with a 1x multiplier. The reels in the Free Spins Bonus are richer than the base game reels. Before the Free Spins Bonus begins, explore the Pharaoh's tomb to pick from 30 secret panels. Picks may award additional free spins, additional multipliers, or start the bonus. Each pick that does not start the bonus awards an additional pick. During the Free Spins Bonus , 5 paylines are added to the original 15 base game paylines. The Free Spins Bonus is retriggered when three Bonus scatter symbols appear anywhere on the reels. These symbols are only found on reels 1, 2, and 3. Retriggering the Free Spins Bonus awards additional free spins equal to the initial number of free spins at the start of the free spins. The bonus can be retriggered multiple times, up to a maximum of 999 free spins per bonus. Free spins are played at same coin value as the triggering spin. Each spin during the Free Spins Bonus is a guaranteed win. Each free spin pays no less than 3 times the bonus multiplier times the triggering coin value. A win with 5 Wild symbols is multiplied by the coin value but not by the bonus multiplier. Options All Sound Toggle game sounds on or off. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far-left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the coin value on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Only the highest scatter win is paid per scatter symbol. Coinciding scatter wins from different scatter symbols are added. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet during the base game and multiplied by 20x coin value during the Free Spins Bonus . Scatter wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Bonus symbol appears on reels 1, 2, and 3 only in the base game and in the Free Spins Bonus . Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent, except in cases where one spin unlocks a feature for a subsequent spin or series of spins, per the game rules. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given spin of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next spin are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of spins by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. Last modification date: 6/19/2024