Phoenix Fortune Game Rules 1. Overview The goal is to obtain a winning combination on a winning way spread across the reels. Game specifications : Type Slots Number of reels 6 Symbols per reel 3-4-5-5-4-3 Number of ways Up to 7,200 Ways Number of coins you can bet Bet: 20 Fire Bet: 30 Progressive No Double feature No Auto spin feature Yes Wild symbols Yes Multiplier symbols No Scatter symbols Yes (F-I-R-E, Coins) Bonus round Yes Phoenix Spins Yes Instant win No RTP Standard Play: 94.06 % Fire Bet: 94.06 % The game disconnects if you do not take any actions for a specific number of consecutive minutes (this number varies depending on jurisdiction); the session recovery feature will save the game progress so that the next time the game is loaded, you can continue where you left off. In the event of technical difficulties resulting in a dropped connection to the game server, the game you were playing is saved automatically and will load the next time you establish a connection to the game server. You will not be able to reconnect to the game server for the first 30 seconds after the disconnection. Note : In case of malfunction all pays and play are voided; any bet that was not yet accepted will be voided, any bet that was unsettled will be refunded. 2. How to Play Note: If you do not have enough money to play a game, the bet can be set to the minimum selectable amount through a dialog window informing about this. Winnings are paid from Left to Right starting on Reel 1, and from Right to Left starting on Reel 6. All way win symbols must appear on consecutive reels. Wins on different ways are all added. Only the highest winning combination on each way is paid. Winnings from Bonus Spins feature are added to the total win. The auto spin feature does not automatically start Bonus Spins feature - player input is required.(Available only for specific jurisdictions) On the info bar, you can view the current BET, your BALANCE and your current WIN, displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 2.1. Desktop version To play, follow these steps: Click on the main screen, and then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value. Click to save the settings and return to the main screen. Note: The total BET is displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). Click to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won will be shown in the WIN field from the info bar, in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 2.2. Mobile version To play, follow these steps: Tap on the main screen, then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value. Tap to save the settings and return to the main screen. Note: The total BET is displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won will be shown in the WIN field from the info bar, in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. To toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 3. Special Symbols and Features 3.1. Ways 3+ symbols in adjacent reels from left to right or right to left. Up to 3600 Ways! Both Ways Pay! 3.2. Wild The Wild symbols are only seen in reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. These can be 1, 2, 3, or 4 symbols high. 3.3. Coins Watch out for Coin symbols which can land in any reel. Any Coin will disappear on landing and boost the pot prize in the reel above. Any Coin can trigger the Wheel Bonus . 3.4. Phoenix Spins Multiplier The Phoenix Spins Multiplier starts on x1. This boosts by 0.5x every time you land Scatter symbols on reels 2, 3 & 4 but NOT on reel 5. The multiplier is carried into the Phoenix Spins feature and is capped at 10x. When the player returns from Phoenix Spins the multiplier starts again at 1x. 3.5. Pot Prizes The Pot Prizes are above each reel. They can be boosted by Coin symbols landing in view on their reel. Note : Each coin on a reel will boost the Pot Prize above by 10 coins. This does not affect the game RTP. 3.6. Wheel Bonus The Wheel Bonus can be triggered on any spin where a Coin lands in view. When triggered it will animate the Phoenix and present the wheel. The wheel will spin automatically and award the prize it lands on. The Wheel Bonus can only be won in the base game. 3.7. Lose to Win On any losing spin the reel set can change to guarantee a win. 3.8. Phoenix Spins Phoenix Spins are triggered by landing F - I - R - E Scatter symbols on each of reels 2, 3, 4 & 5. At least one of each of the F - I - R - E letters must be in view and each will reveal +1 Phoenix Spin . The feature starts with the revealed number of spins and the Phoenix Spins Multiplier now active. During the feature, extra spins can be won by landing F - I - R - E Scatter symbols on each of reels 2, 3, 4 & 5. The Phoenix Spins Multiplier cannot be increased during Phoenix Spins . When the feature ends, the Phoenix Spins Multiplier starts again at 1x. The chances to trigger the wheel or Phoenix Spins may change depending on any game progress made. 3.9. Fire Bet Turn on the Fire Bet for more chance to trigger the Features . Fire Bet will add 50% to the cost of each spin. Paytable values will remain the same as the base bet. index 4. Other game buttons 4.1. Desktop version The following buttons are available: Click this button to toggle the game sound on or off. Click this button to open the PAYOUTS tab, where you can view several screens: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in either credit or your real currency - to toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area. information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts, or specific awards; basic game rules. To navigate among the various screens in the PAYOUTS tab, click on the left and right arrows at the bottom of the screen. RULES In the last of the screens from the PAYOUTS tab, click this button to view detailed game rules. (in real mode only) This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Click on it to view the gameplay history. This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Click on it to close the game and to open the home website, in the same browser window. (available while the reels are spinning)(available only for specific jurisdictions) Click this button to stop the reels earlier. (available during winning animations) Click this button to skip the winning animations. (available only for specific jurisdictions) Click this button to activate Turbo mode. The Turbo mode speeds up the gameplay - the spin time is reduced to a minimum. 4.2. Mobile version The following buttons are available: Tap this button to toggle the game sound on or off. Tap this button to open the PAYOUTS tab, where you can view several screens: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in either credit or your real currency - to toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area. information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts, or specific awards; basic game rules. To navigate among the various screens in the PAYOUTS tab, tap on the left and right arrows at the bottom of the screen. RULES In the last of the screens from the PAYOUTS tab, tap this button to view detailed game rules. (in real mode only) This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap on it to view the gameplay history . This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap on it to close the game and to open the home website, in the same browser window. (available while the reels are spinning)(available only for specific jurisdictions) Tap this button to stop the reels earlier. (available during winning animations) Tap this button to skip the winning animations. (available only for specific jurisdictions) Tap this button to activate Turbo mode. The Turbo mode speeds up the gameplay - the spin time is reduced to a minimum. index 5. Auto spin feature The loss limit setting allows stopping the auto spin feature automatically when the selected limit, plus your cumulative winnings, and minus your cumulative bets, is less than 0. 5.1. Desktop version Click the AUTO SPIN button to open the AUTO SPIN settings window where you can set up the following: Number of auto spins : click + or - to select the number of auto spins to play. Loss limit : click + or - to select the value of the loss limit; Stop if a win reaches : click + or - to select the value of the maximum win; Stop if JACKPOT is won (only for games with Progressive Jackpots): to enable this setting, tick the checkbox ; to disable it, remove the tick. Click the ACTIVATE button to close the AUTO SPIN settings window and to start the auto spin feature with the currently selected bet and auto spin setup. Click the CLOSE button to close the window without starting the auto spin feature. Click the STOP AUTO SPIN button to stop the auto spin feature at any time. 5.2. Mobile version Tap the AUTO SPIN button to open the AUTO SPIN settings window where you can set up the following: Number of auto spins : tap + or - to select the number of auto spins to play. Loss limit : tap + or - to select the value of the loss limit; Stop if a win reaches : tap + or - to select the value of the maximum win; Stop if JACKPOT is won (only for games with Progressive Jackpots): to enable this setting, tick the checkbox ; to disable it, remove the tick. Tap the ACTIVATE button to close the SPIN settings window and to start the auto spin feature with the currently selected bet and auto spin setup. Tap the CLOSE button to close the window without starting the auto spin feature. Tap the STOP AUTO SPIN button to stop the auto spin feature at any time. Last modification date: 1/20/2026