Prosperity Pearl Prosperity Pearl How to Bet Bet Configuration Menu Press the cog to open the Bet Configuration menu. Coins Displays the current number of coins being played. Betting is fixed at 30 paylines. Coin Value Displays the current coin value shown in currency. Change by selecting the desired total bet. On desktop devices, press the minus button (–) to decrease the total bet or press the plus button (+) to increase the total bet. Press OK to confirm and close the Bet Configuration menu. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current total bet and number of paylines selected. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins and where available, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN, and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Progressive Wilds Feature Each total bet has a corresponding Progressive Wilds meter: Major Free Spins meter and base game meter. After a base game spin, each Green Pearl appearing in any position on reel 5 increases the Major Free Spins meter by 1 wild. The Green Pearl then transforms into a Wild Symbol. After a Major Free Spins Bonus is played, the Major Free Spins meter resets to 40 wilds. A maximum of 100 wilds may appear in the Major Free Spins meter. After a base game spin, each Blue Pearl appearing in any position on the reels increases the base game meter by 1 wild. The Blue Pearl then transforms into a Wild Symbol. After a base game Guaranteed Wilds feature is played, the base game meter resets to 5 wilds. A maximum of 50 wilds may appear in the base game meter. The number of wilds appearing in each of the Progressive Wilds meters is saved separately for each total bet and remains between play sessions. Select a different total bet to view the number of wilds saved in each Progressive Wilds meter at that total bet. Guaranteed Wilds Feature The Guaranteed Wilds feature may be triggered during any base game spin that does not award Blue Pearls, Green Pearls, or free spins. If the Guaranteed Wilds feature is triggered, 1 or more symbol positions on the reels transform into a Wild. If a symbol position selected to transform into a Wild already contains a Wild, that symbol position transforms into a multiplier Wild. The multiplier increases by 1x each time that same symbol position transforms, up to a maximum of 5x. The base game meter decreases by 1 wild each time a symbol position transforms. The total number of wilds appearing in the base game meter from the triggering spin is guaranteed to be awarded during the feature. If more than 1 multiplier wild substitutes in a line win, the pay for that win is multiplied by the sum of the awarded multipliers. Wins are evaluated after all transformations are complete. Major Free Spins Bonus The Major Free Spins Bonus is triggered when 2 Bonus Scatter Symbols appear on reels 1 through 4, and a Green Bonus Scatter Symbol appears on reel 5. The Major Free Spins Bonus can also be triggered if the Major Free Spins meter reaches 100 wilds. Triggering the Major Free Spins Bonus awards 10 free spins. During each free spin, 1 or more symbol positions on the reels may transform into a Wild. A different number of symbol positions may transform during each free spin. If a symbol position selected to transform into a Wild already contains a Wild, that symbol position transforms into a multiplier Wild. The multiplier increases by 1x each time that the same symbol position transforms, up to a maximum of 5x. The Major Free Spins meter decreases by 1 wild each time a symbol position transforms. The total number of wilds appearing in the Major Free Spins meter from the triggering spin is guaranteed to be awarded during the bonus but cannot be awarded in a single free spin. If more than 1 multiplier wild substitutes in a line win, the pay for that win is multiplied by the sum of the awarded multipliers. The Major Free Spins Bonus cannot be retriggered. Free spins are played at same total bet and same number of paylines as the triggering spin. Wins are evaluated after all transformations are complete. Reels used in the Major Free Spins Bonus are different from the reels used in the base game. Mega Free Spins Bonus The Mega Free Spins Bonus is triggered when 2 Bonus Scatter Symbols appear on reels 1 through 4, and a Gold Bonus Scatter Symbol appears on reel 5. Triggering the Mega Free Spins Bonus awards 10 free spins with 88 Guaranteed Wilds. During each free spin, 1 or more symbol positions on the reels may transform into a Wild. A different number of symbol positions may transform during each free spin. If a symbol position selected to transform into a Wild already contains a Wild, that symbol position transforms into a multiplier Wild. The multiplier increases by 1x each time that the same symbol position transforms, up to a maximum of 5x. The Mega Free Spins meter decreases by 1 wild each time a symbol position transforms. 88 Guaranteed Wilds are awarded during the bonus but cannot be awarded in a single free spin. If more than 1 multiplier wild substitutes in a line win, the pay for that win is multiplied by the sum of the awarded multipliers. The Mega Free Spins Bonus cannot be retriggered. Free spins are played at same total bet and same number of paylines as the triggering spin. Wins are evaluated after all transformations are complete. Reels used in the Mega Free Spins Bonus are different from the reels used in the base game. Options All Sound Toggle game sounds on or off. Music Toggle music on or off. Sound Effects Toggle sound effects on or off. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far-left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the coin value on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Wild Symbols appear during the Guaranteed Wilds feature in the base game. Wild Symbols appear during the Major Free Spins Bonus and the Mega Free Spins Bonus. Wild Symbols are wild and substitute for all symbols except Bonus Symbols in the base game, the Major Free Spins Bonus, and the Mega Free Spins Bonus. Blue Free Spin Symbol appears on reels 1, 2, 3, and 4 in the base game only. Green and Gold Free Spins Symbols appear on reel 5 in the base game only. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there may be an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. RTP: 94.21% Last modification date: 10/15/2025