Pinball Double Gold How to Bet Bet Settings Menu Press the wheel or TOTAL BET to open the Bet Settings menu. Total Bet Displays the current total bet shown in currency. Change by selecting the desired total bet. On desktop devices, optionally press the minus button (–) to decrease the total bet or press the plus button (+) to increase the total bet. Coins Displays the current number of coins being played. Betting is fixed at 9 paylines plus feature. Coin Value Displays the current coin value shown in currency. Press OK to confirm and close the Bet Settings menu. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current coin value. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins and where available, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Special Features Red, Blue, and Gold 7, 5 Bar, and Bar Symbols may appear with a Double sub-symbol. Symbols containing a Double Sub-symbol are substituted for their respective symbols without a Double Sub-symbol. Each Double Sub-symbol that appears in a line win multiplies the pay for that win by 2x, except 3 Double 7 Symbols. More than 1 Sub-symbol may appear and multiply in a win, up to 8x. 3 Red Double 7s on a payline 9 awards the Double Gold Jackpot; on all other paylines awards the Jackpot. The Double Gold Jackpot and Pinball Jackpot prizes are shown in currency. Red Double 7 line wins are not paid in addition to the corresponding jackpot. Jackpot values are fixed awards based on the amount wagered and are not shared – they are only winnable by the player. Pinball Bonus 3 Pinball Symbols on a payline trigger the Pinball Bonus. 5 shots are awarded. Press Launch Ball to shoot each pinball. Each pinball landing in a cup or in the chute below the cups awards the corresponding prize. Additional shots may be awarded by landing in a cup indicating +1 Shot. If 5 pinballs land in the chute below the cups the Pinball Jackpot is awarded. Jackpot values are shown in currency at the current bet. The total bonus win is awarded and the bonus ends after the last awarded shot has been played. The bonus is played at the same coin value as the triggering spin. Options All Sound Toggle game sounds on or off. Music Toggle music on or off. Sound Effects Toggle sound effects on or off. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far-left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the coin value on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there may be an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. Last modification date: 7/1/2025