Prosperity Link Wan Shi Ru Yi Prosperity Link Wan Shi Ru Yi Prosperity Link Wan Shi Ru Yi is a MultiWay game with Money Balls that trigger the Prosperity Respin Bonus. Collect Money Balls during the Prosperity Respin Bonus to activate up to 4 game positions! The Grand jackpot is awarded when 15 Money Balls appear on the reels in a single game position during the Prosperity Respin Bonus. Up to 3 Multiplier Wild Symbols may be placed on reels 2 through 5 during each free spin! Watch for the Prosperity Pot feature to place additional Money Balls on the reels during the base game and free spins! How to Bet Prosperity Link Wan Shi Ru Yi offers 243 ways to win. Bet Settings Menu Press the cog or TOTAL BET to open the Bet Settings menu. 243 Ways Displays the current number of ways being played. Betting is fixed at 243 ways. Coins Displays the current number of coins being played. Coin Value Displays the current coin value shown in currency. Change by selecting the desired total bet. On desktop devices, optionally press the minus button (–) to decrease the coin value or press the plus button (+) to increase the coin value. Press OK to confirm and close the Bet Settings menu. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at 243 ways and the current coin value. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins and where available, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN, and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Prosperity Respin Bonus During the base game or free spins, 6 or more scattered Money Balls appearing in any position on the reels triggers the Prosperity Respin Bonus. Triggering the Prosperity Respin Bonus feature awards 3 respins. The Prosperity Respin Bonus begins with game position 1 active. If 9 or more Money Balls appear on the reels in the triggering spin, game position 2 is activated. Each Money Ball on the reels appears with a value or a Major, Minor, or Mini jackpot icon. Each unlocked symbol position in all 4 game positions is a separate reel during the respins. Only Money Balls are available during the bonus. All symbol positions containing Money Balls in game position 1 lock for the remainder of the bonus. Collect the number of required Money Balls displayed on an inactive game position to activate that game position: 9 Money Balls in game position 1 activates game position 2 A total of 18 Money Balls in game positions 1 and 2 activates game position 3 A total of 32 Money Balls in game positions 1, 2, and 3 activates game position 4 If a Money Ball appears on 1 or more unlocked reels in an active game position after a respin, the number of respins remaining resets to 3, the number of Money Balls appearing on unlocked reels in active game positions are collected in each More to Activate meter, and all symbol positions containing Money Balls in all game positions lock for the remainder of the bonus. If the required number of Money Balls have been collected for a game position, that game position is activated for that respin and the remainder of the bonus. Wins are evaluated in active game positions after all awarded respins have been played or after all reels in all game positions have locked. Any respins remaining after all reels in all game positions have locked are not played. If 15 Money Balls appear on the reels in an active game position, the Grand jackpot is awarded. Each Money Ball appearing with a Major, Minor, or Mini jackpot icon in an active game position awards the Major jackpot, Minor jackpot, or Mini jackpot, respectively. All values appearing with Money Balls in active game positions are also awarded. The Prosperity Respin Bonus continues until no respins remain or until all reels have locked, with all accumulated wins awarded to the player. More than 1 jackpot may be awarded during the Prosperity Respin Bonus. If more than 1 Grand jackpot is awarded, the progressive value is paid on the first award only. Any other Grand jackpot awarded pays the reset value. Different reels are used during the Prosperity Respin Bonus. Different reels are used for each game position. Reels are determined at the start of each respin and depend on the number of locked Money Balls on the reels. Prosperity Pot Feature After the reels stop spinning, 1 to 5 Money Balls appearing in any position on the reels in a base game or free spin may trigger the Prosperity Pot feature. If awarded, the Prosperity Pot places 1 to 5 additional Money Balls on the reels for a total of 6 Money Balls to trigger the Prosperity Respin Bonus. Money Balls cannot be placed on a symbol position that contains a Money Ball or a Bonus Symbol. MultiWay Feature With the MultiWay feature, there are 243 ways to win on every spin. MultiWay wins pay for matching symbols in any position in adjacent columns, starting from the leftmost column. More than 1 matching symbol in the same column multiplies the award. The Wild Symbol substitutes for all symbols except for the Money Ball and Bonus Symbol. Only the highest paying MultiWay win for each symbol is paid per spin. Free Spins Bonus The Free Spins Bonus is triggered when 3 Bonus Scatter Symbols appear anywhere on the reels. These symbols are only found on reels 2, 3, and 4. Triggering the Free Spins Bonus awards 10 free spins. The Free Spins Bonus is retriggered when 3 Bonus Scatter Symbols appear anywhere on the reels. These symbols are only found on reels 2, 3, and 4. During free spins, the Prosperity Pot may place 2x, 3x, 4x, or 5x Multiplier Wild Symbols on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5. A maximum of 3 Multiplier Wild Symbols may be placed per free spin. 2x, 3x, 4x, or 5x Multiplier Wild Symbol substituting in a MultiWay win multiplies the pay for that win by 2x, 3x, 4x, or 5x, respectively. More than 1 Multiplier Wild Symbol may substitute and multiply in a MultiWay win, up to 60x. The bonus can be retriggered multiple times, up to a maximum of 60 free spins per bonus. Reels used in the Free Spins Bonus are different from the reels used in the base game. Free spins are played at same coin value as the triggering spin. Options All Sound Toggle game sounds on or off. Music Toggle music on or off. Sound Effects Toggle sound effects on or off. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. MultiWay wins pay for the same symbol in any position in adjacent columns. Same symbol in same column multiplies win. MultiWay wins pay left to right. Only the highest paying MultiWay win for each symbol is paid per spin. Coinciding MultiWay wins from different symbols are added. MultiWay wins are multiplied by the coin value. Wild Symbol appears on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5 in the base game and Free Spins Bonus. Wild Symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols except Money Ball and Bonus Symbol in the base game and the Free Spins Bonus. 2x, 3x, 4x, or 5x Multiplier Wild Symbols are wild and substitute for all symbols except Money Ball and Bonus Symbol in the Free Spins Bonus. Bonus wins are independent from MultiWay wins and are added to the total amount paid. Major, Minor, and Mini jackpot values are multiplied by the coin value. Major, Minor, and Mini jackpots are fixed awards and are not shared – they are only winnable by the player. Grand jackpot is a shared progressive. The growth is funded by a fixed percentage of each bet placed by all players. The odds of winning the Grand jackpot are proportional to the actual bet amount within an accuracy of 0.1%. The amount paid for the Grand jackpot is approximately the amount seen on the progressive meter when the win occurs. Potentially, the awarded progressive could be somewhat higher because of display delays. In an exceptionally rare case, 2 players may simultaneously win the same progressive. The order of winners is determined solely by the timestamp applied to each transaction request as it is received by our servers. The official winning outcome belongs to the player whose transaction timestamp is first. The player whose timestamp is second will win the progressive re-seed amount if their winning outcome occurred just after the other player’s win, but before the meter was able to reset. The number of coins in the Prosperity Pot has no effect on game play. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there may be an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. Last modification date: 7/11/2024