Pixies of the Forest II Return to the magic and wonder of the Tumbling Reels classic, in Pixies of the Forest II . The Pixie Queen has joined the original troupe to help you discover all the secret treasures of the forest. Fill the Spirit Meter by consecutive tumbles of 3 or more to unleash the magic of the Feature Wilds . Trigger the Pixie Queen's Free Spin Bonus and Pixies may double your wins! Watch for the Pixie Queen to appear and award the Pixie Queen's Gifts , which can give you a Spirit Boost , trigger new tumbles with Symbol Elimination , or award Extra Spins . Unearth hidden riches when you encounter the Pixie Jackpot Picker where 3 jackpots are waiting to be revealed. The magic of winning has returned in Pixies of the Forest II! How to Bet Pixies of the Forest II features 99 paylines for 33 coins. The theoretical return to player of this game is 96.57% Bet Configuration Menu (mobile/tablet) Press the arrow to open the bet configuration menu. Press the check mark to confirm and close the bet configuration menu. Coins Displays the current number of coins. Betting is fixed at 99 paylines, which costs 33 coins. Total Bet Displays the current total bet shown in currency. Press the minus button (–) to decrease the total bet. Press the plus button (+) to increase the total bet. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current coin value. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Tumbling Reels Feature On any winning symbol combination: All winning symbol combinations are evaluated, and values are added to the win meter. All symbols in winning combinations disappear. Empty spaces are filled as symbols tumble from above, in sequence. The reels are evaluated again for winning symbol combinations and values are added to the win meter. Tumbles continue until no winning symbol combinations appear. Spirit Meter During normal base and bonus game spins the Spirit Meter is increased by 1, up to a maximum of 5. Fill the meter with 3 or more spirits to trigger the Feature Wilds spins. Every Feature Wilds spin decreases the Spirit Meter by 1. The meter is reset at the start of every new spin. Feature Wilds Feature Wilds spins are triggered when 3 or more spirits fill the Spirit Meter at the end of a spin. One Feature Wilds spin is awarded for the first 3 spirits, plus one Feature Wilds spin for every additional spirit. 1 of 3 features is chosen at random to enhance all awarded spins. During the base game, the Feature Wilds spins are played on subsequent paid spins. During the Pixie Queen's Free Spin Bonus , the Feature Wild spins do not decrement the spins remaining. Feature Wilds Description Wild Reels Randomly 1 of the 3 centre reels, or reels 2 and 4, or reels 3 and 4 may be turned wild for the duration of this spin. The wilds on the chosen reels do not disappear when involved in a win. Random Wilds 3 wilds are randomly placed on the second, third, and/or fourth reel. After the reels have tumbled and there are no more wins, a new set of wilds may be randomly placed. This can happen up to 2 more times. These wilds disappear when involved in a win. Countdown Sticky Wilds 3 wilds are randomly placed on the second, third, and/or fourth reel and remain locked for three tumbles. After 3 tumbles have completed, the Countdown Sticky Wilds disappear. Countdown Sticky Wilds involved in a win do not disappear. Mystery Bonus Trigger At the start of any base game Feature Wilds spin, the wilds can turn into Bonus symbols and trigger the Pixie Queen's Free Spin Bonus . The game continues as normal, with the Bonus symbols turning back to wilds when returning from the bonus. Mystery Jackpot Trigger At the start of any base or bonus game Feature Wilds spin, the wilds can turn into Jackpot symbols and trigger the Pixie Jackpot Picker . The game continues as normal with the Jackpot symbols turning back to wilds when returning from the picker. Both Mystery Bonus Trigger and Mystery Jackpot Trigger can occur on the same Feature Wilds spin. Pixie Queen's Free Spin Bonus Three Bonus symbols anywhere on reels 1, 2, and 3 trigger the Pixie Queen's Free Spin Bonus. The Pixie Queen's Free Spin Bonus can also be triggered by the base game's Feature Wilds spins' Mystery Bonus Trigger . Once the Pixie Queen's Free Spin Bonus is triggered, pick one of the Bonus symbols to reveal the awarded free spin count and earn 5 to 11 free spins. The Pixie Queen's Free Spin Bonus is played automatically. The reels are made richer by adding wilds to the first reel and all Pixie symbols on the first reel pay double when involved in a win. A non-wild symbol must be part of any winning combination. For example, the following outcome on a payline pays the award for five Ace symbols: Wild – Wild – Wild – Wild – Ace If the non-wild symbol is Jackpot symbol, then the Wild symbol combination pays as a Logo symbol combination. For example, the following outcome on a payline pays the award of four Logo symbols: Wild - Wild - Wild - Wild - Jackpot Bonus play continues until all free spins have been played. The maximum number of Feature Wilds is increased to 18. Feature Wilds do not decrease the remaining spins in the bonus. The Pixie Queen may award a gift of an Extra Spin (up to a maximum of 180 total free spins within any bonus round). The bonus cannot be retriggered. Reels used in the Pixie Queen's Free Spin Bonus are different from the reels used in the base game. Free spins are played at the same coin value and same number of paylines as the triggering spin. Pixie Queen's Multiplier During the Pixie Queen's Free Spin Bonus , a line win is multiplied by 2x when a Pixie symbol containing a 2x multiplier appears in the line win. The wild symbol does not substitute for 2x multipliers. Multipliers only appear on Pixie symbols on reel 1. Pixie Queen's Gifts During normal bonus spins, if a spin doesn't trigger a Feature Wilds spin, there is a chance the Pixie Queen may award a Pixie Queen's Gift that triggers enough tumbles to award the Feature Wilds spins. There are three different types of Pixie Queen's Gifts that can occur. Pixie Queen's Gift Description Spirit Boost The Pixie Queen awards 2 spirits in addition to the spirits already earned. If 3 or more spirits have already been awarded, the Feature Wilds spin triggers on the next spin. Symbol Elimination The Pixie Queen removes each visible instance of 1 to 4 symbol types, triggering a new tumble and increasing the Spirit Meter by 1. If the Spirit Meter has filled with 3 or more spirits at the end of the spin, the Feature Wilds spin triggers on the next spin. Extra Spin The Pixie Queen awards another free spin. Pixie Jackpot Picker The Pixie Jackpot Picker is triggered when 3 Jackpot symbols appear on reels 3, 4, and 5 during a normal spin in the base game or the Pixie Queen's Free Spin Bonus. The Pixie Jackpot Picker can also be triggered by the base or bonus game's Feature Wilds spins' Mystery Jackpot Trigger . Pick a Pixie to fill one orb of the Gold, Silver, or Bronze Jackpot meter. Continue selecting pixies until a jackpot meter's 4 orbs have all been filled to win that respective award. The player's choice of pixies does not affect the outcome. The odds of winning the Gold jackpot is proportional to the amount wagered. The Jackpots are fixed awards, proportional to the amount wagered, and are not shared – they are only winnable by the player. After a jackpot is awarded the Pixie Jackpot Picker returns to the triggering spin. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the coin value on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Bonus symbol appears on reels 1, 2, and 3 in the base game only. Jackpot symbol appears on reels 3, 4, and 5 in both the base game and the bonus game. Bonus symbol and Jackpot symbol do not appear on the reels during Feature Wilds spins. Wild symbol appears on reels 2, 3, and 4 in the base game. Wild symbol appears on reels 1, 2, 3, and 4 in the bonus game. Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except Bonus symbol and Jackpot symbol. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction including the results of any triggered bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent, except in cases where one spin unlocks a feature for a subsequent spin or series of spins, per the game rules. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. The maximum win from a single game is 250,000