Pyramidion Behold the power and mystery of ancient Egypt in Pyramidion. The glittering, golden Pyramidion acts as a conduit for mysterious powers that can influence and change the fate of the reels: two or more Pyramidion Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on the reels reveal a mystery modifier. Trigger two exciting free spins bonuses to explore the hidden treasures inside the tombs of the pyramid! How to Bet Pyramidion features 20 paylines. Bet Configuration Menu (mobile/tablet) Press the arrow to open the bet configuration menu. Press the check mark to confirm and close the bet configuration menu. Lines Displays the current number of paylines. Betting is fixed at 20 paylines. Total Bet Displays the current total bet shown in currency. Press the minus button (-) to decrease the total bet. Press the plus button (+) to increase the total bet. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current coin value. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN, and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Free Respin Modifier Feature Free respin modifiers are triggered when two or more Pyramidion Scatter symbols appear anywhere on the reels during the base game. One of the following respin modifiers is awarded: Sunbeam Wilds - Sunbeams shoot down from the sky, adding multiple Wild symbols onto the reels. Waterfall Stacks - Waterfalls flow over multiple reels to reveal full stacks of the same symbol. The Wild symbol cannot be revealed during this modifier. Obelisk Wilds - Obelisks rise from the ground, creating multiple wild reels. Mighty Reel - Reels 2, 3, and 4 transform into one giant reel containing blocks of 3x3 symbols. Free respin modifiers cannot be retriggered. Reels used in the free respin modifier feature are different from the reels used in the base game. The Tomb of Power Free Spins Bonus and Tomb of Mystery Free Spins Bonus cannot be triggered during free respin modifier spins. Free respin modifiers are played at the same coin value as the triggering spin. More triggering Scatter symbols award a richer and more plentiful feature. Tomb of Power Free Spins Bonus The Tomb of Power Free Spins Bonus is triggered when two Bonus symbols appear in any position on reels 1 and 3, combined with one Bonus Tomb of Power symbol in any position on reel 5. Triggering the Tomb of Power Free Spins Bonus awards 8 initial free spins. The Power Wilds meter starts at 0 and increments by 1 each time the reels spin. For each free spin, a reel is assigned to contain Power Wild symbols. Each time a Power Wild symbol appears, a number of surrounding symbols equal to the value shown in the Power Wilds meter are transformed into Power Wild symbols, and an extra free spin is awarded. A maximum of 14 symbols can be transformed into Power Wild symbols. The Tomb of Power Free Spins Bonus cannot be retriggered. Reels used in the Tomb of Power Free Spins Bonus are different from the reels used in the base game. Free spins are played at the same coin value as the triggering spin. Tomb of Mystery Free Spins Bonus The Tomb of Mystery Free Spins Bonus is triggered when two Bonus symbols appear in any position on reels 1 and 3, combined with one Bonus Tomb of Mystery symbol in any position on reel 5. When triggered, a wild reel containing a 2x multiplier appears on reel 5. After each free spin, a mini-reel above the reels spins. The wild reel either holds on the current reel with the multiplier value increasing by 1, or moves to the next reel to the left, keeping the same multiplier value for the next spin. Free spins end once the wild reel has moved across all reels and the mini-reel stop icon appears above reel 1. The mini-reel stop icon only appears above reel 1. All wins involving the wild reel are multiplied by the multiplier value. Only the highest winner, including the multiplier value, is paid on each payline. The Tomb of Mystery Free Spins Bonus cannot be retriggered. Reels used in the Tomb of Mystery Free Spins Bonus are different from the reels used in the base game. Free spins are played at the same coin value as the triggering spin. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far-left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the coin value on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Free respin modifier wins are independant from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Bonus symbol appears on reels 1 and 3 in the base game only. Tomb of Power and Tomb of Mystery symbols appear on reel 5 in the base game only. Power Wild symbols appear in the Tomb of Power Free Spins Bonus only. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. The theoretical return to player of this game is 94.39% Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent, except in cases where one spin unlocks a feature for a subsequent spin or series of spins, per the game rules. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. Intellectual Property Â© 2019 IGT. All rights reserved. All other trademarks used herein are owned by IGT or its affiliates, may not be used without permission, and where indicated with a Â®, are registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. Last updated 27 February 2019 The maximum win from a single game is £250,000