Polar Wilds Polar Wilds is a medium volatility 5-reel video slot game with the exciting Arctic Circles™ feature that can enrich reel outcomes and multipliers up to 12x. The Animals Locked Respins feature offers extra chances for 4 and 5 of a kind wins! How to Bet Polar Wilds features 10 paylines. Bet Settings Menu Press the cog or TOTAL BET to open the Bet Settings menu. Coins Displays the current number of coins being played. Betting is fixed at 10 paylines. Coin Value Displays the current coin value shown in currency. Total Bet Displays the current total bet shown in currency. Change by selecting the desired total bet. On desktop devices, optionally press the minus button (–) to decrease the total bet, or press the plus button (+) to increase the total bet. Press OK to confirm and close the Bet Settings menu. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current coin value and number of paylines selected. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins and where available, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Arctic Circles™ Feature On each base game spin, 2 Arctic Circles™ spin independently of the reels, displaying either A, K, Q, or 10 Symbols, or 2x or 3x multipliers. If the symbol revealed in 1 of the Arctic Circles™ has 1 or more matching symbols on the reels that are adjacent vertically or horizontally to a Wild Symbol, 1 of those symbols transforms into a Wild Symbol. Each Arctic Circle™ is evaluated independently; therefore, if both Arctic Circles™ reveal the same symbol, and more than 1 matching symbol is adjacent to a Wild Symbol, 2 symbols transform into wilds. If more than 2 symbols are eligible to be transformed, 2 symbols are chosen at random. The Arctic Circles™ do not spin during the Animals Locked Respins feature. During the Wolf Spirits Free Spins Bonus , 4 Arctic Circles™ are active and multipliers with a total value of 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, 9x, 10x, and 12x are available. Example of an Adjacent Wilds transformation: The following diagram shows a sample outcome for the Arctic Circles™ feature and a reel outcome using the A Symbol adjacent to a Wild Symbol. The Arctic Circles™ feature has awarded 2 A Symbols on the reel to be replaced by Wild Symbols. The same pattern rule applies to K, Q, and 10, respectively. Arctic Circle Arctic Circle A A Reel 1 Reel 2 Reel 3 Reel 4 Reel 5 Rabbit A A Wild A A Possible A replacement Possible A replacement Possible A replacement Since both Arctic Circles™ contain an A Symbol, the A Symbol on reels 2, 3, and 4 are eligible to be replaced. Only 2 of these symbols are replaced at random. Arctic Circle Arctic Circle A A Reel 1 Reel 2 Reel 3 Reel 4 Reel 5 Rabbit A Wild Wild Wild A The A Symbol on reel 2 and reel 4 transformed into Wild Symbols, creating a 4 Rabbit symbol win. Multiplier Feature On every spin, the Arctic Circles™ can display x2, x3, and x4 multipliers. In the base game, the available multipliers are 2x and 3x, and the total multiplier value ranges from 2x to 6x. During the Wolf Spirits Free Spins Bonus , the available multipliers are 2x, 3x, and 4x, and the total multiplier values are from 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, 9x, 10x, and 12x. Each multiplier displayed is added to the total multiplier value. The total win amount is multiplied by the total multiplier value. Animals Locked Respins Feature The Animals Locked Respins feature offers extra chances to achieve 4 and 5 of a kind wins for the Lynx, Deer, Owl, and Rabbit Symbols. The Animals Locked Respins feature is available in both the base game and the Wolf Spirits Free Spins Bonus . 3 or more matching adjacent Lynx, Deer, Owl, or Rabbit Symbols on the same row, beginning from reel 2 or reel 3 and that are not part of a win or scattered on any row may trigger the Animals Locked Respins feature. In the base game, if the triggering symbol or 3 or more Bonus Scatter Symbols appear in any other position on the reels, the Animals Locked Respins feature is not triggered. During the Animals Locked Respins feature, the reels with the triggering symbol are locked in place while the remaining reels respin 1 time. If the respin does not result in a winning outcome and the triggering symbol appears on any row after the respin, the reel locks and 1 additional respin is awarded. The Animals Locked Respins feature can only be triggered for 1 symbol on a given spin. The Arctic Circles™ do not spin during the Animals Locked Respins feature. Wolf Spirits Free Spins Bonus The Wolf Spirits Free Spins Bonus is triggered when 3 or more Bonus Scatter Symbols appear anywhere on the reels. Triggering the Wolf Spirits Free Spins Bonus awards 8 free spins. During the Wolf Spirits Free Spins Bonus , 4 Arctic Circles are active and multipliers with a total value of 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, 9x, 10x, and 12x are available. The Wolf Spirits Free Spins Bonus is retriggered when 1 Bonus Scatter Symbol appears anywhere on reel 4. Retriggering the Wolf Spirits Free Spins Bonus awards 1 additional spin. During the Animals Locked Respin feature in the Wolf Spirits Free Spins Bonus , when a Bonus Scatter Symbol appears on a locked reel, 1 additional free spin is awarded for each Animals Locked Respin. The bonus can be retriggered multiple times, up to a maximum of 300 free spins per bonus. Reels used in the Wolf Spirits Free Spins Bonus are different from the reels used in the base game. Free spins are played at same coin value as the triggering spin. Options All Sound Toggle game sounds on or off. Music Toggle music on or off. Sound Effects Toggle sound effects on or off. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far-left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the coin value on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Wild Symbol appears on reels 2, 3, and 4 in the base game and on reels 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5 in the Wolf Spirits Free Spins Bonus . Bonus Symbol appears on reels 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5 in the base game, and on reel 4 in the Wolf Spirits Free Spins Bonus . Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there may be an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent, except in cases where one spin unlocks a feature for a subsequent spin or series of spins, per the game rules. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given spin of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next spin are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of spins by numerous players over an extended period of time. For this game, the long-term, theoretically expected payback is 94.36%. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. The expected payback value is also based upon correct player choices for any games which involve main game and/or bonus game play strategy. If applicable, the maximum win on any transaction including the results of any triggered bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus, is capped at € 250,000.00. Last modification date: 6/19/2023