Prosperity Gems: Hold and Win 1. Overview The goal is to obtain a winning combination on a winning line spread across the reels. Game specifications : Type Slots Number of reels 5 Number of rows 3 - during normal spins 5 - during any type of Expand H&W Number of lines 20 (cannot be changed) Number of coins you can bet 1 - per line / 20 (cannot be changed) Progressive No Double feature No Auto spin feature Yes Wild symbols Yes Multiplier symbols Yes Scatter symbols Yes (Blue Gem, Green Gem, Purple Gem) Bonus round No Free s pins No Instant win No RTP Normal game:94.02% Super Bonus Buy: 94.32% Bonus Buy: 94.24% The game disconnects if you do not take any actions for a specific number of consecutive minutes (this number varies depending on jurisdiction); the session recovery feature will save the game progress so that the next time the game is loaded, you can continue where you left off. In the event of technical difficulties resulting in a dropped connection to the game server, the game you were playing is saved automatically and will load the next time you establish a connection to the game server. You will not be able to reconnect to the game server for the first 30 seconds after the disconnection. Note : In case of malfunction all pays and play are voided; any bet that was not yet accepted will be voided, any bet that was unsettled will be refunded. 2.1. Desktop version To play, follow these steps: Click on the main screen, and then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value. Click to save the settings and return to the main screen. Note: The total BET is displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). Click to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won will be shown in the WIN field from the info bar, in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 2.2. Mobile version To play, follow these steps: Tap on the main screen, then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value. Tap to save the settings and return to the main screen. Note: The total BET is displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won will be shown in the WIN field from the info bar, in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. To toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 3. Special Symbols and Features 3.1. Wild Reel Nudge The Wild symbol replaces any other symbols, except the Gem symbols , to form winning combinations. Stacked Wilds can appear partially or fully on all reels. Stacked Wilds which land partially can nudge to reveal more of the wild for bigger wins. 3.2. Trigger Frenzy Up to 3 Gem symbols can be added on the screen for a chance to trigger any of the Hold&Win features. 3.3. Gem Pots Each time a Gem symbol appears it will fly into the corresponding Gem Pot for a chance to trigger a Hold&Win feature. One, two or all three Gem Pot can be triggered at the same time to award different Hold&Win features. 3.4. Hold&Win Expand Triggered by the purple gem symbol and the Purple Gem Pot . Hold&Win Expand is played out on a 5x5 grid. Only Purple Gem symbols are in play, with values of 1x, 2x, 3x, 5x, 7x, 10x, 15x, 20x, 25x, 30x TB. Each time one or more Purple gem symbols land during the feature the respins will reset back to three. The feature ends when the respins run out or the grid is full. 3.5. Hold&Win Boost Triggered by the Blue Gem symbol and the Blue Gem Pot . Hold&Win Boost is played out on a 3x5 grid. Only Blue Gem symbols are in play, with values of 1x, 2x, 3x, 5x, 7x, 10x, 15x, 20x, 25x, 30x TB. Booster envelope symbols can also appear to fill the multiplier progress bar next to the reels. The progress bar has three levels (x2, x3 and x5), with each level reached by collecting 3 Envelope Symbols. At the end of the feature the current multiplier will be applied to all wins. Each time one or more Blue gem or Booster symbols land during the feature the respins will reset back to three. The feature ends when the respins run out or the grid is full. 3.6. Hold&Win Jackpot Triggered by the Green Gem symbol and the Green Gem Pot . Hold&Win Jackpot is played out on a 3x5 grid and has 4 possible Jackpot prizes (MINI 30x, MAXI 50x, MAJOR 200x, GRAND 500x). Only Green Gem symbols are in play, with values of 1x, 2x, 3x, 5x, 7x, 10x, 15x, 20x, 25x, 30x TB. Jackpot letter coins can also appear and will fill each jackpot that contains the matching letter. Jackpot prizes are awarded when a jackpot is completely filled. One or more jackpot prizes can be won during the feature. Each time one or more Green Gem or Jackpot symbols land during the feature the respins will reset back to three. The feature ends when the respins run out or the grid is full. 3.7. Hold&Win Jackpot Expand Triggered by the Green and Purple Gem symbols and the Green and Purple Gem Pots . Hold&Win Jackpot Expand is played out on a 5x5 grid and has 4 possible Jackpot prizes (MINI 30x, MAXI 50x, MAJOR 200x, GRAND 500x). Green and Purple gem symbols are in play, with values of 1x, 2x, 3x, 5x, 7x, 10x, 15x, 20x, 25x, 30x TB. Jackpot letter coins can also appear and will fill each jackpot that contains the matching letter. Jackpot prizes are awarded when a jackpot is completely filled. One or more jackpot prizes can be won during the feature. Each time one or more Green Gem or Purple Gem or Jackpot symbols land during the feature the respins will reset back to three. The feature ends when the respins run out or the grid is full. 3.8. Hold&Win Jackpot Boost Triggered by the Blue and Green Gem symbols and the Blue and Green Gem Pots . Hold&Win Jackpot Boost is played out on a 3x5 grid and has 4 possible Jackpot prizes (MINI 30x, MAXI 50x, MAJOR 200x, GRAND 500x). Blue and Green gem symbols are in play, with values of 1x, 2x, 3x, 5x, 7x, 10x, 15x, 20x, 25x, 30x TB. Booster Envelope symbols can also appear to fill the multiplier progress bar next to the reels. The progress bar has three levels (x2, x3 and x5), with each level reached by collecting 3 Envelope symbols. At the end of the feature the current multiplier will be applied to all wins. Jackpot letter coins can also appear and will fill each jackpot that contains the matching letter. Jackpot prizes are awarded when a jackpot is completely filled. One or more jackpot prizes can be won during the feature. Each time one or more Blue Gem or Green Gem , Booster or Jackpot symbols land during the feature the respins will reset back to three. The feature ends when the respins run out or the grid is full. 3.9. Hold&Win Boost Expand Triggered by the Blue and Purple Gem symbols and the Blue and Purple Gem Pots . Hold&Win Boost Expand is played out on a 5x5 grid. Blue and Purple gem symbols are in play, with values of 1x, 2x, 3x, 5x, 7x, 10x, 15x, 20x, 25x, 30x TB. Booster Envelope symbols can also appear to fill the multiplier progress bar next to the reels. The progress bar has three levels (x2, x3 and x5), with each level reached by collecting 3 E nvelope symbols. At the end of the feature the current multiplier will be applied to all wins. Each time one or more Blue Gem or Purple Gem or Booster symbols land during the feature the respins will reset back to three. The feature ends when the respins run out or the grid is full. 3.10. Hold&Win Frenzy Triggered by the Blue, Purple and Green Gem symbols and the Blue, Purple and Green Gem Pots . Hold&Win Frenzy is played out on a 5x5 grid and has 4 possible Jackpot prizes (MINI 30x, MAXI 50x, MAJOR 200x, GRAND 500x). Blue, Purple and Green gem symbols are in play, with values of 1x, 2x, 3x, 5x, 7x, 10x, 15x, 20x, 25x, 30x TB. Booster Envelope symbols can also appear to fill the multiplier progress bar next to the reels. The progress bar has three levels (x2, x3 and x5), with each level reached by collecting 3 Envelope symbols. At the end of the feature the current multiplier will be applied to all wins. Jackpot letter coins can also appear and will fill each jackpot that contains the matching letter. Jackpot prizes are awarded when a jackpot is completely filled. One or more jackpot prizes can be won during the feature. Each time one or more Blue Gem or Green Gem or Purple Gem , Booster or Jackpot symbols land during the feature the respins will reset back to three. The feature ends when the respins run out or the grid is full. 3.11. Bonus Buy Buy the bonus for 50x stake for guaranteed entry into one of the Hold&Win features triggered by a combination of 1, 2 or all 3 gems. 3.12. Super Bonus Buy Buy the bonus for 100x stake for guaranteed entry into the Hold&Win feature triggered by all 3 gems. 4. Other game buttons 4.1. Desktop version The following buttons are available: Click this button to toggle the game sound on or off. Click this button to open the PAYOUTS tab, where you can view several screens: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in either credit or your real currency - to toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area. information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts, or specific awards; the game lines and basic game rules. To navigate among the various screens in the PAYOUTS tab, click on the left and right arrows at the bottom of the screen. RULES In the last of the screens from the PAYOUTS tab, click this button to view detailed game rules, in a new browser window. (in real mode only) This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Click on it to view the gameplay history, in a new browser window. This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Click on it to close the game and to open the home website, in the same browser window. (available while the reels are spinning)(available only for specific jurisdictions) Click this button to stop the reels earlier. (available during winning animations) Click this button to skip the winning animations. (available only for specific jurisdictions) Click this button to activate Turbo mode. The Turbo mode speeds up the gameplay - the spin time is reduced to a minimum. 4.2. Mobile version The following buttons are available: Tap this button to toggle the game sound on or off. Tap this button to open the PAYOUTS tab, where you can view several screens: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in either credit or your real currency - to toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area. information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts, or specific awards; the game lines and basic game rules. To navigate among the various screens in the PAYOUTS tab, tap on the left and right arrows at the bottom of the screen. RULES In the last of the screens from the PAYOUTS tab, tap this button to view detailed game rules, in a new browser window. (in real mode only) This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap on it to view the gameplay history in a new browser window. This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap on it to close the game and to open the home website, in the same browser window. (available while the reels are spinning)(available only for specific jurisdictions) Tap this button to stop the reels earlier. (available during winning animations) Tap this button to skip the winning animations. (available only for specific jurisdictions) Tap this button to activate Turbo mode. The Turbo mode speeds up the gameplay - the spin time is reduced to a minimum. index 5. Auto spin feature The loss limit setting allows stopping the auto spin feature automatically when the selected limit, plus your cumulative winnings, and minus your cumulative bets, is less than 0. 5.1. Desktop version Click the AUTO SPIN button to open the AUTO SPIN settings window where you can set up the following: Number of auto spins : click + or - to select the number of auto spins to play. Loss limit : click + or - to select the value of the loss limit; Stop if a win reaches : click + or - to select the value of the maximum win; Stop if JACKPOT is won (only for games with Progressive Jackpots): to enable this setting, tick the checkbox ; to disable it, remove the tick. Click the ACTIVATE button to close the AUTO SPIN settings window and to start the auto spin feature with the currently selected bet and auto spin setup. Click the CLOSE button to close the window without starting the auto spin feature. Click the STOP AUTO SPIN button to stop the auto spin feature at any time. 5.2. Mobile version Tap the AUTO SPIN button to open the AUTO SPIN settings window where you can set up the following: Number of auto spins : tap + or - to select the number of auto spins to play. Loss limit : tap + or - to select the value of the loss limit; Stop if a win reaches : tap + or - to select the value of the maximum win; Stop if JACKPOT is won (only for games with Progressive Jackpots): to enable this setting, tick the checkbox ; to disable it, remove the tick. Tap the ACTIVATE button to close the SPIN settings window and to start the auto spin feature with the currently selected bet and auto spin setup. Tap the CLOSE button to close the window without starting the auto spin feature. Tap the STOP AUTO SPIN button to stop the auto spin feature at any time. Last modification date: 11/7/2024