Pixies of the Forest Introduction How To Bet Auto Spin Feature Tumbling Reels™ Feature Connected Lines™ Feature with 3 for 1 Betting Free Spins Bonus Options Rules and Additional Information Introduction For only 33 coins, enjoy 99 paylines of Tumbling Reels™ action in an enchanting world filled with treasure. 3 for 1 betting means you earn 3 active paylines for every 1 coin bet. With the extremely popular Tumbling Reels™ feature, all winning symbol combinations disappear from the reel window causing replacement symbols to tumble from above. Each of your paylines can potentially earn riches multiple times in the same game. Pixies of the Forest ™ also features easy-to-follow Connected Lines™. With 3 for 1 betting, you get all 99 Connected Lines™ for only 33 coins! Get three Bonus symbols on a payline to earn free spins in the Bonus. The Bonus has richer reels than the base, with additional wild symbols on the first four reels. Experience the magic of winning with Pixies of the Forest ™. [ top ] How To Bet Pixies of the Forest ™ features 99 paylines, which costs only 33 coins to play. You can choose your coin value, which multiplies all payline awards won. You can also use Auto Spin to play the game for you. COIN VALUE Displays current coin value as currency. Click the left arrow (with a minus sign) to decrease the coin value. Click the right arrow (with a plus sign) to increase the coin value. Clicking the left and right arrows does not necessarily decrease or increase your coin value by uniform increments. Rather, your coin value adjusts to preset values which represent the most popular bet amounts. LINES Displays current number of paylines. Betting is fixed at 99 paylines, which costs 33 coins. SPIN Click to spin the reels and submit your bet. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of games at 99 lines and your current coin value. Once you have selected your desired coin value, click AUTO SPIN and choose how many games you want to play. Auto Spin will keep playing the specified number of games until you click the STOP button, you trigger a Bonus, or your balance is insufficient to spin again. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. [ top ] Tumbling Reels™ Feature All paytable-defined symbol combinations trigger the Tumbling Reels™ feature during regular and Free Spins Bonus game play. All winning symbol combinations are evaluated and values are added to the win meter. All symbols in winning combinations disappear. All symbol positions on each reel are filled as symbols tumble from above to fill all empty spaces. The game screen is re-evaluated for symbols in winning combinations and values are added to the win meter. The Tumbling Reels™ feature remains active until no paytable-defined symbol combinations are created as a result of new symbols tumbling from above. Connected Lines™ Feature with 3 for 1 Betting A line is considered connected if each of its symbols share a side or corner with the symbols(s) on the neighboring reel(s). There are 99 possible paylines that employ this Connected Lines™ feature and they are all present in Pixies of the Forest ™. With 3 for 1 betting, you activate all these 99 paylines for only 33 coins, earning you 3 paylines for every 1 coin staked. [ top ] Free Spins Bonus You can trigger the Free Spins Bonus by getting three Bonus symbols on a wagered payline. Three Bonus symbols on multiple paylines does not trigger the Bonus multiple times. You can only trigger the Bonus once on a given spin. Once you trigger the Free Spins Bonus, you are prompted to pick one of the Bonus symbols to reveal your awarded free spin count. You can earn 5 to 11 free spins. The Free Spins Bonus is played automatically. Your coin value in the Bonus is equal to the coin value on the reel spin that triggered the Bonus. The Bonus reels are made richer by adding wilds to the first four reels. A non-wild symbol must be part of any winning combination. For example, the following outcome on a payline pays the award for five Ace symbols: Wild – Wild – Wild – Wild – Ace Bonus play continues until you have played through your free spins. You cannot retrigger additional free spins in the Free Spins Bonus. [ top ] Options Graphics Quality Adjust the quality of the graphics to get the optimal animation performance. BEST mode - Graphics look best, but performance may suffer. HIGH mode (default) - Optimal graphics and performance setting. MEDIUM mode - Lower quality but increased performance. LOW mode - Degraded graphics, but smoothest animation performance is achieved even on slower computers. [ top ] Rules and Additional Information Malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. Only highest winner paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the coin value. Coinciding wins on different paylines are added. Awards are shown in currency. Bonus symbol appears on reels 1, 2, and 3 in the base game. Wild symbol appears on reels 2, 3, and 4 in the base game. Wild symbol appears on reels 1, 2, 3, and 4 in the Free Spins Bonus. Free Spins Bonus can only be triggered once on a given spin. Free spins cannot be retriggered in the Free Spins Bonus. Regardless of your bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the Free Spins Bonus plus the outcome which launched the Bonus. If the award cap is reached in the Bonus, the Bonus ends immediately irrespective of any remaining free spins. The theoretical return to player of this game is 94.90% The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 [ top ] All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of IGT and/or its licensors in the U.S. and/or other countries. Copyright © 2011 IGT. All rights reserved. Last modification date: 6/5/2020