Prowling Panther Hunt down big wins as the top predator of the rainforest in Prowling Panther . Prowling Panther combines the Stacked Wilds feature with 2X Wild symbols to create the possibility of ferociously large rewards with every spin! MultiWay Xtra provides 720 ways to take advantage of these powerful features that will have your cash stacked all the way to the jungle canopy! How To Bet Auto Spin Feature Stacked Wilds Feature Multiway Xtra Feature Free Spins Bonus Options Rules Additional Information How To Bet Prowling Panther offers 720 ways to win for only 50 coins. COIN VALUE Displays the current coin value shown in currency. Press the left arrow (–) to decrease the coin value. Press the right arrow (+) to increase the coin value. 720 WAYS Displays the current number of ways being played. Betting is fixed at 720 ways which costs 50 coins. SPIN Press to submit the bet and spin the reels. [ top ] Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of games at 720 ways and the current coin value. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many games to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of games until the STOP button is pressed, a bonus is triggered, or the balance is insufficient to spin again. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. [ top ] Stacked Wilds Feature With the Stacked Wilds feature, reels 2, 3, and 4 are loaded with groups of up to five consecutive 2X Wild symbols. In the Free Spins Bonus, the Stacked Wilds feature is even richer and more plentiful. [ top ] MultiWay Xtra Feature With the MultiWay Xtra feature, there are 720 ways to win on every spin. MultiWay Xtra wins pay for matching symbols in any position in adjacent columns, starting from the leftmost column. More than one matching symbol in the same column multiplies the award. The Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except for the Bonus symbols. Only the highest paying MultiWay Xtra win for each symbol is paid per spin. Example of a MultiWay Xtra payout: The following diagram shows a sample reel outcome using the Toucan symbol. Because there is at least one Toucan or 2X Wild symbol in each of the first four columns, the player has won the 4 Toucan MultiWay Xtra win which pays 50 coins per way. For the purposes of calculating a MultiWay Xtra win that includes 2X Wild symbols, count each 2X Wild symbol on a reel as 2 of the winning symbol when adding up the number of times a symbol appears on a reel. Payout example: 1 x (1+2) x (1+2+2) x 1 Toucan → 1 x 3 x 5 x 1 Toucan → 15 winning multiplier: Column 1 Column 2 Column 3 Column 4 Column 5 2X Wild Toucan Toucan 2X Wild 2X Wild Toucan Toucan 1 Toucan (3)* Toucan (5)* Toucan 1 Toucan ()* = values after counting 2X Wild symbols as 2 of the winning symbol To determine the payout for this combination: Count the number of Toucan and 2X Wild symbols in each column. Counting 2X Wild symbols as 2 Toucan symbols, calculate the total winning multiplier (1 x 3 x 5 x 1 = 15). Multiply the winning multiplier by the 4 Toucan symbol win (15 x 50 = 750). The win is 750 coins won. The actual amount won in currency is based on the coin value. [ top ] Free Spins Bonus The Free Spins Bonus is triggered by getting a Bonus scatter symbol in any position on five consecutive reels. These symbols are found on all reels. Triggering the Free Spins Bonus awards 8 free spins. Each winning combination of five Bonus scatter symbols pays a prize and awards 8 free spins. Since there are stacked Bonus scatter symbols, it's possible to earn up to 96 free spins initially. The reels in the Free Spins Bonus are richer than the base game reels. During the Free Spins Bonus, the bonus can be retriggered by getting a Bonus scatter symbol in any position on five consecutive reels. These symbols are found on all reels. The Bonus can be retriggered multiple times, up to a maximum of 256 free spins per Bonus. Free spins are played at same coin value as the triggering game. [ top ] Options Graphics Quality Adjust the quality of the graphics to get the optimal animation performance. BEST mode - Highest quality graphics, but performance may suffer. HIGH mode (default) - Balance graphics and performance setting. MEDIUM mode - Lower quality but increased performance. LOW mode - Minimal graphics, but smoothest animation performance is achieved even on slower computers. [ top ] Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. MultiWay Xtra wins pay for the same symbol in any position in adjacent columns. Same symbol in same column multiplies win. MultiWay Xtra wins pay left to right. Only the highest paying MultiWay Xtra win for each symbol is paid per spin. Coinciding MultiWay Xtra wins from different symbols are added. MultiWay Xtra wins are multiplied by the coin value. Wild symbol appears on reels 2, 3, and 4 in the base game. Wild symbol appears on reels 2, 3, and 4 in the Free Spins Bonus. Wins are shown in currency. Regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the Free Spins Bonus plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. [ top ] Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. Intellectual Property All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of IGT and/or its licensors in the U.S. and/or other countries. © 2014 IGT. All rights reserved. Last modification date: 12/27/2021