Royal Spins All hail the wins of Royal Spins! Each spin of this traditional slot offers the royal treatment with both left-to-right and right-to-left pays and frequent bonuses. The Cherry Bonus progressive grows on any spin with one or more Seven symbols on a winning payline and can be won in both the base game and the Crown Bonus . Continue your reign in the Crown Bonus with a guaranteed win on every free spin. How to Bet Royal Spins features 5 paylines. Bet Configuration Menu (mobile/tablet/mini games) Press the arrow to open the bet configuration menu. Press the check mark to confirm and close the bet configuration menu. Lines Displays the current number of paylines selected. Press the left arrow (–) to decrease the number of paylines played. Press the right arrow (+) to increase the number of paylines played. Line Bet Displays the current bet per line shown in currency. Press the left arrow (–) to decrease the bet per line. Press the right arrow (+) to increase the bet per line. Total Bet Displays the current total bet shown in currency. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current line bet and number of paylines selected. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Auto Spin feature is not available in mini format. Cherry Bonus Whenever a Seven symbol appears on a winning payline, the Cherry Bonus progressive increases by the number of Seven symbols on the payline times the line bet. Each time a 5-of-a-kind Cherry line win occurs, a single cherry is highlighted in the Cherry Bonus meter. Highlight all 5 cherries in the meter to win the progressive. The Cherry Bonus progressive is paid in addition to the 5-of-a-kind Cherry line win. The Cherry Bonus progressive is saved across game sessions. The Cherry Bonus meter only increases up to the jurisdiction award cap. Any contribution above that amount is stored in escrow. When the Cherry Bonus progressive is awarded, the Cherry Bonus meter resets to the amount in escrow, up to the jurisdiction award cap. Crown Bonus The Crown Bonus is triggered by getting three or more Crown scatter symbols appear on consecutive reels. Number of Crown Symbols Free Spins Awarded 3 3 4 5 5 10 Every free spin is a guaranteed winner! During the Crown Bonus , the bonus can be retriggered by getting three or more Crown scatter symbols appear on consecutive reels. Number of Crown Symbols Additional Free Spins Awarded 3 3 4 5 5 10 The bonus can be retriggered multiple times, up to a maximum of 300 free spins per bonus. If the number of won free spins is greater than 290 and the trigger combination appears again, only the scatter win is paid and additional spins are not awarded. Free spins are played at same line bet and same number of paylines as the triggering spin. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. Line wins pay left to right or right to left. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel or the far right reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the line bet on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Only the highest scatter win is paid. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Scatter wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Wins are shown in currency. RTP: 94.09% In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the Free Spins Bonus or the Cherry Bonus , plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent except in cases where one spin unlocks a feature for a subsequent spin or series of spins, per the game rules. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. Last modification date: 9/9/2020