Roar of the Bear Megaways Roar of the Bear Megaways Game Rules 1. Overview The goal is to obtain a winning combination on a winning way spread across the reels. Game specifications : Type Slots Number of reels 6 + top tracker (4 symbols)+bottom tracker(4 symbols) Symbols per reel Reel 1 and 6: 2-7 Reels 2 to 5: 2 to 8 (including trackers) Reels 2 to 5 in Free Spins: 5 to 7 (including trackers) Number of ways Up to 200,704 Megaways in base game and 117,649 in Free Spins Number of coins you can bet 20 (cannot be changed) Progressive No Double feature No Auto spin feature Yes Wild symbols Yes (Grizzly Bear) Multiplier symbols No Scatter symbols Yes (Bear Zone) Bonus round Yes Free s pins Yes Instant win No RTP Game RTP: 96.01% Wild Bet RTP: 96.06% Bonus Buy RTP: 96.37% The game disconnects if you do not take any actions for a specific number of consecutive minutes (this number varies depending on jurisdiction); the session recovery feature will save the game progress so that the next time the game is loaded, you can continue where you left off. In the event of technical difficulties resulting in a dropped connection to the game server, the game you were playing is saved automatically and will load the next time you establish a connection to the game server. You will not be able to reconnect to the game server for the first 30 seconds after the disconnection. Note : In case of malfunction all pays and play are voided; any bet that was not yet accepted will be voided, any bet that was unsettled will be refunded. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. 2. How to Play Note: If you do not have enough money to play a game, the bet can be set to the minimum selectable amount through a dialog window informing about this. All winning ways pay from left to right, beginning with the far-left reel. All way win symbols must appear on consecutive reels. Wins on different ways are all added. Only the highest winning combination on each way is paid. Winnings from Free Spins are added to the total win. The auto spin feature does not automatically start free spins - player input is required.(Available only for specific jurisdictions) On the info bar, you can view the current BET, your BALANCE and your current WIN, displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 2.1. Desktop version To play, follow these steps: Click on the main screen, and then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value. Click to save the settings and return to the main screen. Note: The total BET is displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). Click to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won will be shown in the WIN field from the info bar, in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 2.2. Mobile version To play, follow these steps: Tap on the main screen, then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value. Tap to save the settings and return to the main screen. Note: The total BET is displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won will be shown in the WIN field from the info bar, in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. To toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 3. Special Symbols and Features 3.1. Megaways Megaways under license from Big Time Gaming. Each spin can have up to 200,704 ways to win in base game and 117,649 in Free Spins . Wins are awarded for left to right adjacent symbols, starting on reel 1, regardless of size. 3.2. Cascading Wins Every winning symbol is part of a reaction and is replaced by cascading symbols from above the reels. Winning symbols on the horizontal trackers will be replaced by symbols shifting from right to left. 3.3. Wild The Wild symbol replaces any other symbols, except the Scatter symbols, to form winning combinations. 3.4. Wild Eagle & Wild Salmon modifiers Landing Eagle symbol on the top tracker will activate Wild Eagle modifier and any high symbols below it on the reels 2,3,4 & 5 will become Wild . Landing Salmon symbol on the bottom tracker will activate Wild Salmon modifier and any low symbols above it on the reels 2,3,4 & 5 will become Wild . Eagle & Salmon symbols can appear 1-4 symbols long. Eagle & Salmon symbols cannot both land on the same spin. Eagle & Salmon modifiers are not possible during Free Spins . 3.5. Mystery symbol Mystery symbols can appear on any spin and can reveal any other symbol except Scatter or Wild . 3.6. Top and Bottom Tracker The horizontal trackers above and below the reels will add one symbol to each of reels 2, 3, 4 & 5. 3.7. Max Megaways During any spin the Max Megaways modifier can be triggered and will land the maximum amount of Megaways available. 3.8. Bonus Round The Bonus Round is played before a Free Spins feature. The number of Bonus Round spins is determined by the number of triggering Scatters . 4 Scatters - 1 Bonus Spin 5 Scatters - 2 Bonus Spin 6 Scatters - 3 Bonus Spin Bonus Round spins award Free Spins and Golden Claws , which determine the initial size of the roaming wild. 3.9. Free Spins During Free Spins , main reels 2 to 5 are fixed and each will always land 5 symbols in the Bear Zone section on reels 2-5. In this section, a roaming Wild will appear and move to random positions while the reels are spinning. The number of Free Spins and the initial roaming Wild size is determined by the Bonus Spin round. Every 3 x Golden Claw symbols that landed will boost the size of the roaming Wild to one size higher and award +2 Extra Free Spins. The roaming Wild size progression is: 1x2 > 2x2 > 2x3 > 3x3. 3.10. Wild Bet Activate the Wild Bet for more frequent modifiers and bonus triggers. The side bet will add 50% to the cost of each spin. 3.11. Bonus Buy Player can purchase Bonus Round for 100x their total bet. 4. Other game buttons 4.1. Desktop version The following buttons are available: Click this button to toggle the game sound on or off. Click this button to open the PAYOUTS tab, where you can view several screens: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in either credit or your real currency - to toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area. information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts, or specific awards; the game lines and basic game rules. To navigate among the various screens in the PAYOUTS tab, click on the left and right arrows at the bottom of the screen. RULES In the last of the screens from the PAYOUTS tab, click this button to view detailed game rules, in a new browser window. (in real mode only) This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Click on it to view the gameplay history, in a new browser window. This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Click on it to close the game and to open the home website, in the same browser window. (available while the reels are spinning)(available only for specific jurisdictions) Click this button to stop the reels earlier. (available during winning animations) Click this button to skip the winning animations. (available only for specific jurisdictions) Click this button to activate Turbo mode. The Turbo mode speeds up the gameplay - the spin time is reduced to a minimum. 4.2. Mobile version The following buttons are available: Tap this button to toggle the game sound on or off. Tap this button to open the PAYOUTS tab, where you can view several screens: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in either credit or your real currency - to toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area. information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts, or specific awards; the game lines and basic game rules. To navigate among the various screens in the PAYOUTS tab, tap on the left and right arrows at the bottom of the screen. RULES In the last of the screens from the PAYOUTS tab, tap this button to view detailed game rules, in a new browser window. (in real mode only) This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap on it to view the gameplay history in a new browser window. This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap on it to close the game and to open the home website, in the same browser window. (available while the reels are spinning)(available only for specific jurisdictions) Tap this button to stop the reels earlier. (available during winning animations) Tap this button to skip the winning animations. (available only for specific jurisdictions) Tap this button to activate Turbo mode. The Turbo mode speeds up the gameplay - the spin time is reduced to a minimum. index 5. Auto spin feature The loss limit setting allows stopping the auto spin feature automatically when the selected limit, plus your cumulative winnings, and minus your cumulative bets, is less than 0. 5.1. Desktop version Click the AUTO SPIN button to open the AUTO SPIN settings window where you can set up the following: Number of auto spins : click + or - to select the number of auto spins to play. Loss limit : click + or - to select the value of the loss limit; Stop if a win reaches : click + or - to select the value of the maximum win; Stop if JACKPOT is won (only for games with Progressive Jackpots): to enable this setting, tick the checkbox ; to disable it, remove the tick. Click the ACTIVATE button to close the AUTO SPIN settings window and to start the auto spin feature with the currently selected bet and auto spin setup. Click the CLOSE button to close the window without starting the auto spin feature. Click the STOP AUTO SPIN button to stop the auto spin feature at any time. 5.2. Mobile version Tap the AUTO SPIN button to open the AUTO SPIN settings window where you can set up the following: Number of auto spins : tap + or - to select the number of auto spins to play. Loss limit : tap + or - to select the value of the loss limit; Stop if a win reaches : tap + or - to select the value of the maximum win; Stop if JACKPOT is won (only for games with Progressive Jackpots): to enable this setting, tick the checkbox ; to disable it, remove the tick. Tap the ACTIVATE button to close the SPIN settings window and to start the auto spin feature with the currently selected bet and auto spin setup. Tap the CLOSE button to close the window without starting the auto spin feature. Tap the STOP AUTO SPIN button to stop the auto spin feature at any time. Last modification date: 9/24/2024