Riches of Aus Hold and Win 1. Overview The goal is to obtain a winning combination on a winning line spread across the reels. Game specifications : Type Slots Number of reels 5 Number of rows 3 Number of lines 25 (cannot be changed) Number of coins you can bet 25 (cannot be changed) Progressive No Double feature No Auto spin feature Yes Wild symbols Yes Multiplier symbols Yes Scatter symbols Yes (Gold Coins & Platinum coins) Bonus round Yes(Hold& Win Respins) Free s pins No Instant win Yes RTP Standard Play: 96.00% Bonus Buy: 96.90% 2. How to Play Note: If you do not have enough money to play a game, the bet can be set to the minimum selectable amount through a dialog window informing about this All winning lines pay from left to right, beginning with the far-left reel. All line win symbols must appear on consecutive reels. Wins on different lines are all added. Only the highest winning combination on each line is paid.Winnings from Free Spins are added to the total win. The auto spin feature does not automatically start free spins - player input is required (Available only for specific jurisdictions). On the info bar, you can view the current BET, your BALANCE and your current WIN, displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user'schoice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 2.1. Desktop version To play, follow these steps: Click Select coin value button on the main screen, and then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value. Click Select coin value button to save the settings and return to the main screen. Note: The total BET is displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). Click Select coin value button to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won will be shown in the WIN field from the info bar, in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 2.2. Mobile version To play, follow these steps: Tap Select coin value button on the main screen, then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value. Tap Select coin value button to save the settings and return to the main screen. Note: The total BET is displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap Select coin value button to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won will be shown in the WIN field from the info bar, in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. To toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 3. Special Symbols and Features 3.1. Wild The Wild symbol will always land fully stacked and can land on all 5 reels. The Wild symbol replaces any other symbols, except the Gold, Platinum and Special coins symbol, to form winning combinations. Note: If no specific payouts for Wild are displayed in the pay table, a combination formed exclusively with Wild will pay just like the highest paying symbol, if that combination is the highest winning combination on a line. 3.2. Gold Coin symbol Landing 5 or more Gold Coin symbols anywhere in view will award the Riches of Aus Hold & Win Respins. 3.3. Platinum Coin symbol Any Platinum Coin symbol that forms the trigger will add a multiplier to the Riches of Aus Hold & Win Respins. Starting Multiplier is 1 (to which +1 is added for each Platinum coins triggering the feature). Platinum Coins are not in play during the Riches of Aus Hold & Win Respins. 3.4. Riches of Aus Hold & Win Respins Triggered by 5 or more Gold Coin symbols anywhere in view, Riches of Aus Hold & Win Respins will award 3 respins with all cash values remaining in place. Can also be triggered with 5 Platinum coins or a combination of Gold & Platinum coins. During Riches of Aus Hold & Win Respins only coin symbols are in play and every time a new one lands, the respins will reset to 3. Minor, Major and Grand special Coins can land as part of the trigger or in Riches of Aus Hold & Win Respins. Minor - 20x total bet. Major - 200x total bet. Grand - 1000x total bet. If the respins run down to zero, the feature will end and all cash values in view will be collected. Values displayed on the Gold Coin symbols are shown in the selected currency/coin. Gold Coin symbol values are random values from 1x to 1000x times bet. Possible Values during Respins are as follows in times bet values: 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 8x, 10x, 15x, 20x, 25x, 30x, 50x, 100x, 200x, 250x, 1000x. 3.5. Lightning Modifiers Randomly on any spin, Lightning Links between the reels will announce a special win. During the game Lightning Links can strike the reels and award either a Big Win (20 x Total Bet or more) or Riches of Aus Hold & Win Respins. It can also transform Gold coins into Platinum multiplier coins as part of the feature trigger. 3.6. Riches of Aus Bonus Buy The Bonus Buy costs 50 x Total Bet ( 1,250 coins). The Riches of Aus Bonus Buy spin is guaranteed to trigger the Riches of Aus Hold & Win Respins. Note: History application keys. RespinsLeft,RespinsUsed= Spins Multiplier= Multiplier BONUS_BUY_ENTERED= Riches of Aus Bonus Buy RESPINS_TRIGGER= Respins Triggered Prizes, Respins winnings= Hold&win Win WinningSymbols= Hold&Win Symbols Prizes cash= Cash Prize 4. Other game buttons RULES In the last of the screens from the PAYOUTS tab, click this button to view detailed game rules, in a new browser window. RULES In the last of the screens from the PAYOUTS tab, tap this button to view detailed game rules, in a new browser window. (in real mode only) This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap on it to view the gameplay history in a new browser window. This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap on it to close the game and to open the home website, in the same browser window. Autopin button (available while the reels are spinning)(available only for specific jurisdictions) Tap this button to stop the reels earlier. Autopin button (available during winning animations) Tap this button to skip the winning animations. Autopin button (available only for specific jurisdictions) Tap this button to activate Turbo mode. The Turbo mode speeds up the gameplay - the spin time is reduced to a minimum. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 3/13/2024