Roulette Introduction How To Play How To Play Again Auto Spin Feature How To Bet Placing a bet Placing a String of Bets Removing Bets Types of Bets Standard Bets Neighbour Bets Advanced Bets Expert History Bets Options Rules & Additional Information Introduction Player ♥ s Suite® Roulette! ™ is the roulette game you’ve been asking for! Hyper-realistic outcomes you can trust Clean, crisp layout for first-time players Advanced bet options for hard-core players Comprehensive history displays for pattern players Powerful bet accelerators -- easily place a string of bets with click and drag Built upon the original version of the extremely popular Player’s Suite® game, Player ♥ s Suite® Roulette! ™ is the next generation of gaming excellence. How To Play The goal in Roulette is to anticipate where the ball will land in the wheel and to place bets accordingly. Place one or more bets (see How to Bet ) and then click SPIN to start the game. When the ball lands on a number in the wheel, if you have a bet covering that number, you win. Any winning bets remain on the Number Board and are paid according to the paytable. How To Play Again After any spin, you have numerous options to play again. Click REBET & SPIN to place and play your last bet with a single click. Alternately, you can place one or more new bets and then click SPIN . Click CLEAR ALL to remove all chips from the Number Board. This works both for winning bets from the previous game and for newly placed bets. Click REBET to place your last bet without starting a new game. You can add additional bets if you wish. Click DOUBLE REBET to place twice your last bet without starting a new game. After one or more bets are placed, DOUBLE BET doubles all current bets. Many players rely on DOUBLE BET to more easily support certain betting systems. Please note that neither DOUBLE REBET nor DOUBLE BET doubles any Colour Up Bonus™ bet. Click SPIN to start the game after you are happy with your bets. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of games at the current bet. Once you have placed your desired bets, click the AUTO SPIN button and choose how many games you want to play. Auto Spin will keep playing the specified number of games until you click the STOP button or your balance is insufficient to spin again. How To Bet The line of chips below the Number Board represents the available bet increments. The elevated chip in the line indicates the currently selected chip value. To select a different chip value, click that chip in the line of chips. Once you are satisfied with the selected chip value, you may place bets on the Number Board. Placing a Bet To place a bet, click the chosen bet spot. Each click adds another chip of the selected value to the stack. As the bet chips stack up, they can "colour up" to the next higher chip value. Placing a String of Bets Instead of placing one bet at a time, you may place a string of bets by holding down your left mouse button whilst moving your cursor over bet areas. Every time your cursor goes over a new bet spot, a bet of the selected chip size is placed. Removing Bets To remove the last bet placed, click UNDO . Click UNDO to remove a sequence of bets in the inverse order in which each was placed. Alternately, click CLEAR ALL to remove all bets from the Number Board. Types Of Bets Player ♥ s Suite® Roulette! ™ has betting configurations appropriate for a wide range of players. Standard Bets The wide variety of bet types allow you to control your risk and reward. Information regarding the payouts for the different bets can be found in the paytable. Inside Bets: You can place bets to cover specific numbers or adjacent numbers: Straight Bet is placed directly on top of a number Split Bet is placed between two numbers Three Numbers Bet is placed to the left of a row of numbers Corner Bet is placed on the corner of four numbers Six Numbers Bet is placed to left and in between two rows of numbers Outside Bets: You can place a bet to cover an entire category of results. Placing your cursor over any of these bet areas highlights the corresponding numbers covered on the Number Board. Neighbour Bets Neighbour Bets allow you to bet upon a section of adjacent numbers on the wheel with a single click. The Neighbour Bets racecourse oval is visible only when enabled in Options . Move the cursor over a number on the "racecourse oval" to highlight that number as well its neighbours to the left and right. Click there to place the selected chip value on each of those numbers. These chips are placed on the Number Board, not on the racecourse oval itself. You can change the number of neighbours by clicking the + and - buttons in the centre of the racecourse oval. Advanced Bets Advanced Bets allow you to bet on multiple bet spots on the Number Board with a single click. The Advanced Bets area is visible only when enabled in Options Special Bets Place your cursor over any of the Special Bet buttons to see the numbers associated with these pre-stored patterns. Clicking any of the Special Bet buttons places bets of the selected chip size to cover these numbers: RED SPLITS Split bets everywhere on the Number Board where two adjacent red squares share a side BLACK SPLITS Split bets everywhere on the Number Board where two adjacent black squares share a side RED DRAGON Straight and Split bets on a trail of red squares along the Number Board BLACK DRAGON Straight and Split bets on a trail of black squares along the Number Board Pattern Bets Pattern betting allows you to create up to six different bet patterns which are saved as presets for one-click betting. When "Advanced Betting" is enabled in Options, the Pattern Betting interface is displayed at the top-left of the Number Board. Start by placing your desired bets on the Number Board. Once you are satisfied with the bet pattern, click the SAVE PATTERN button. Six pattern store buttons are then displayed. Click one of the six pattern buttons to store your pattern, or click X to the left of the pattern buttons to cancel. Once a pattern has been saved to a preset button, the button is available for use in betting. Placing your cursor over a preset button highlights the betting pattern on the Number Board. Clicking the preset button places the bet as it was saved. Each time you click the preset button, the bet amounts on the corresponding spots increase accordingly. In order to erase a preset bet pattern, click the CLEAR PATTERN button, and then click a previously saved preset. Once cleared, the preset button is no longer available until another bet pattern is saved to it. Expert History Bets Click the EXPERT HISTORY button at the bottom of the play field to activate the Expert History display. This display is removed when the button (now labeled CLOSE HISTORY ) is clicked again or when a game is initiated. The Expert History display depicts the relative frequency of each number, and of each even money bet type (Even, Odd, High, Low, Red, Black) over the prior 250 outcomes. The larger or longer the respective coloured bar, the more often that outcome has occurred. The Expert History display also indicates the six most-hit "Hot Numbers" and the six least-hit "Cold Numbers" over the past 250 games. Some pattern players use this feature to try to capitalise on hot streaks or to try to identify over-due numbers. Each history indicator on the Expert History Display is also a bet initiation area. Place your cursor over any of the history indicators to see the corresponding spots on the Number Board. Clicking any of these history indicators places the corresponding bet of the selected chip value. Options Clicking the OPTIONS button reveals a menu of controls that enable you to customise various aspects of the game to suit your preferences: Speed Allows you to control the speed of game play. In NORMAL mode all game animations are played. In TURBO mode the pace of play is quickened by eliminating certain animations. This does not affect the method of play or the rules of the game. Graphics Quality Adjust the quality of the graphics to get the optimal animation performance. BEST mode - Graphics look best, but performance may suffer. HIGH mode (default) - Optimal graphics and performance setting. MEDIUM mode - Lower quality but increased performance. LOW mode - Degraded graphics, but smoothest animation performance is achieved even on slower computers. Neighbour Bets Allows you to turn ON or OFF the Neighbour Bets racecourse oval. Some players use the racecourse oval just as a betting reference. Advanced Bets Allows you to turn ON or OFF the Advanced Bets area which gives you access to Pattern Bets and Special Bets. Voice Allows you to turn ON or OFF the voice announcement of game outcomes. If audio is globally disabled, then voice announcements are likewise disabled irrespective of the Options setting. Rules & Additional Information Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The outside bets (Even, Odd, High, Low, Red, Black, Dozens or Columns) do not cover a zero-green outcome. The table minimum and maximum bet limits are listed in the paytable. If the smallest available chip is lower than the table minimum bet, you may place bets with this chip, but you cannot play until the total of all your bets meets the table minimum requirement. In addition to an overall table maximum limit, there is also a limit for each type of bet. See the paytable for details. The Controls Bar on the bottom of the game screen displays the current balance in the chosen currency, the amount paid if a win occurs, and the amount bet on the last/current proposition. PLAYER’S SUITE is a trademark or registered trademark of IGT Copyright © 2011 IGT. All rights reserved. All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of IGT and/or its licensors in the U.S. and/or other countries. Last updated 08 July 2011 Last modification date: 8/23/2023