Rising Temple Hold and Win Rising Temple:™ Hold & Win™ Game Rules 1. Overview The goal is to obtain a winning combination on a winning way spread across the reels. Game specifications : Type Slots Number of reels 5 Number of rows 3 to 4 - during normal spin 3 to 7 - during Free Spins and Rising Temple Respins Number of ways 3087 (cannot be changed) Number of coins you can bet 20 (cannot be changed) Progressive No Double feature No Auto spin feature Yes Wild symbols Yes Multiplier symbols Yes Scatter symbols Yes (Free Spins symbol, Samurai Coin Symbol) Bonus round Yes Free s pins Yes Instant win No RTP 95.98% The game disconnects if you do not take any actions for a specific number of consecutive minutes (this number varies depending on jurisdiction); the session recovery feature will save the game progress so that the next time the game is loaded, you can continue where you left off. In the event of technical difficulties resulting in a dropped connection to the game server, the game you were playing is saved automatically and will load the next time you establish a connection to the game server. You will not be able to reconnect to the game server for the first 30 seconds after the disconnection. Note : In case of malfunction all pays and play are voided; any bet that was not yet accepted will be voided, any bet that was unsettled will be refunded. 2. How to Play Note: If you do not have enough money to play a game, the bet can be set to the minimum selectable amount through a dialog window informing about this. All winning lines pay from left to right, beginning with the far-left reel. All line win symbols must appear on consecutive reels. Wins on different lines are all added. Only the highest winning combination on each line is paid.Winnings from Free Spins are added to the total win. The auto spin feature does not automatically start free spins - player input is required (Available only for specific jurisdictions). On the info bar, you can view the current BET, your BALANCE and your current WIN, displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 2.1. Desktop version To play, follow these steps: 1. Click on the main screen, and then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value. Click to save the settings and return to the main screen. Note: The total BET is displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 2. Click to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won will be shown in the WIN field from the info bar, in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 2.2. Mobile version To play, follow these steps: 1. Tap on the main screen, then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value. Tap to save the settings and return to the main screen. Note: The total BET is displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 2. Tap to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won will be shown in the WIN field from the info bar, in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. To toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 3. Special Symbols and Features 3.1. Wild The Wild symbol replaces any other symbols, except the Free Spins and Samurai Coin symbols, to form winning combinations. Note: Wild symbols only appear on reels 2, 3 and 4. Note :If no specific payouts for Wild are displayed in the pay table, a combination formed exclusively with Wild will pay just like the highest paying symbol, if that combination is the highest winning combination. 3.2. Free Spins symbol Landing 3 or more Free Spins symbols on the reels will trigger Free Spins . 3.3. Samurai Coin symbol Landing 5 or more Samurai Coin symbols on the reels will trigger Respins . 3.4. Rising Temple Respins Landing 5 or more Samurai Coin symbols on the reels will trigger Rising Temple Respins that will award 3 respins. During the Rising Temple Respins , any Samurai Coin symbols that land into view will stick and will reset the respins. Boosters do not stick in view but will reset the respins. Possible Values during Respins are as follows in times bet values: Samurai coins values - X1, X2, X3, X4, X5, X6, X8, X10 Mini - X25 Major - X50 Maxi - X100 Grand - X250 3.5. Samurai Boosters During the Rising Temple Respins & Free Spins , special Boosting Coin symbols can land to unlock extra rows or multiply the end winnings: Arrow Coin symbol - only lands on reel 1 and unlocks an extra row on reels 2, 3 and 4 up to a max of 3 extra rows. X Coin symbol - only lands on reel 5 and increases the win multiplier level by 1. All prizes are multiplied at the end of the feature; Boosting coins do not stick in place. Once three of the same Booster Coin has been collected that booster is no longer possible to land on its active reel. 3.6. Free Spins When 3 or more Free Spins symbols land will trigger the Free Spins round. Depending on how many symbols are landed will award the corresponding amount of Free Spins : 3 Free Spin symbols: 10 Free Spins 4 Free Spin symbols: 12 Free Spins 5 Free Spin symbols: 15 Free Spins Free Spins can not be retriggered. Samurai Booster symbols can land during Free Spins , but do not stick. Once landed, the reels will remain expanded or multiplier guaranteed. The expand booster can only expand 3 times unlocking up to 3087 ways to win. The multiplier booster can only multiply up to x4. All prizes are multiplied by the active multiplier of the current spin during free spins. Once 3 of the same booster has been collected that booster is no longer possible to land on its active reel. 3.7. Katana Modifier During any paid spin in the base game mode the Samurai can appear over the reels & award one of the following: A winning spin; The Respins Bonus ; The Free Spins Bonus; Note : History application keys Multiplier= Multiplier respins_winnings = Rising Temple Respins Win Respins_Triggered= Rising Temple Respins Respins_Left= Respins remaining Respins_played= Respins played Freespins_Played= Free Spins played Freespins_Left= Free Spins remaining Respins_Values= Samurai Coins Extra_Rows= Extra Rows Respins_End= Rising Temple Respins finished index 4. OTHER GAME BUTTONS 4.1. Desktop version The following buttons are available: Click this button to toggle the game sound on or off. Click this button to open the PAYOUTS tab, where you can view several screens: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in either credit or your real currency - to toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area. information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts, or specific awards; the game lines and basic game rules. To navigate among the various screens in the PAYOUTS tab, click on the left and right arrows at the bottom of the screen. RULES In the last of the screens from the PAYOUTS tab, click this button to view detailed game rules, in a new browser window. (in real mode only) This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Click on it to view the gameplay history, in a new browser window. This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Click on it to close the game and to open the home website, in the same browser window. (available while the reels are spinning) Click this button to stop the reels earlier. (available during winning animations) Click this button to skip the winning animations. (available only for specific jurisdictions) Click this button to activate Turbo mode. The Turbo mode speeds up the gameplay - the spin time is reduced to a minimum. 4.2. Mobile version The following buttons are available: Tap this button to toggle the game sound on or off. Tap this button to open the PAYOUTS tab, where you can view several screens: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in either credit or your real currency - to toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area. information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts, or specific awards; the game lines and basic game rules. To navigate among the various screens in the PAYOUTS tab, tap on the left and right arrows at the bottom of the screen. RULES In the last of the screens from the PAYOUTS tab, tap this button to view detailed game rules, in a new browser window. (in real mode only) This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap on it to view the gameplay history in a new browser window. This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap on it to close the game and to open the home website, in the same browser window. (available while the reels are spinning) Tap this button to stop the reels earlier. (available during winning animations) Tap this button to skip the winning animations. (available only for specific jurisdictions) Tap this button to activate Turbo mode. The Turbo mode speeds up the gameplay - the spin time is reduced to a minimum. 5. AUTO SPIN FEATURE The loss limit setting allows stopping the auto spin feature automatically when the selected limit, plus your cumulative winnings, and minus your cumulative bets, is less than 0. 5.1. Desktop version Click the AUTO SPIN button to open the AUTO SPIN settings window where you can set up the following: Number of auto spins: click + or - to select the number of auto spins to play. Loss limit: click + or - to select the value of the loss limit; Stop if a win reaches: click + or - to select the value of the maximum win; Stop if JACKPOT is won (only for games with Progressive Jackpots): to enable this setting, tick the checkbox; to disable it, remove the tick. Click the ACTIVATE button to close the AUTO SPIN settings window and to start the auto spin feature with the currently selected bet and auto spin setup. Click the CLOSE button to close the window without starting the auto spin feature. Click the STOP AUTO SPIN button to stop the auto spin feature at any time. 5.2. Mobile version Tap the AUTO SPIN button to open the AUTO SPIN settings window where you can set up the following: Number of auto spins: tap + or - to select the number of auto spins to play. Loss limit: tap + or - to select the value of the loss limit; Stop if a win reaches: tap + or - to select the value of the maximum win; Stop if JACKPOT is won (only for games with Progressive Jackpots): to enable this setting, tick the checkbox; to disable it, remove the tick. Tap the ACTIVATE button to close the SPIN settings window and to start the auto spin feature with the currently selected bet and auto spin setup. Tap the CLOSE button to close the window without starting the auto spin feature. Tap the STOP AUTO SPIN button to stop the auto spin feature at any time. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PAYS AND PLAYS Last modification date: 5/8/2024