Roulette Classic ROULETTE! All the classic action of the ROULETTE! game you’ve come to know and love! How to Play The goal in ROULETTE! is to anticipate where the ball will land on the wheel and to place bets accordingly. Place one or more bets and then press the green circular arrow button to start the game. When the ball lands on a number in the wheel, any bet covering that number wins. Any winning bets remain on the number board and are paid according to the paytable. Press the green and white circular arrows button to place and play the last bet with a single action. How to Bet Press a chip in the lower-right corner to select a chip value. Place a bet by pressing the desired betting locations on the number board. At least one chip is required before the roulette wheel can be spun. Placing a Bet Press the chosen bet spot to add the selected chip value to the spot. Each press adds another chip of the selected value to the stack Bet chip stacks may "colour up" to higher values as bets are added. Press the white circular arrows button to place the last bet without starting a new game. Add additional bets as desired. After one or more bets are placed, press x2 button to double all current bets. Many players rely on double bet to more easily support certain betting systems. Press the back arrow button to remove bets in the reverse order in which they were placed. Press the cross mark button to remove all bets from the number board. This removes all newly-placed bets. Types of Bets ROULETTE! has betting configurations appropriate for a wide range of players. Inside Bets: Place bets to cover specific numbers or adjacent numbers: Straight bet - placed directly on top of a number Split bet - placed between two numbers Three numbers bet - placed on the edge of a row of numbers Corner bet - placed on the corner of four numbers Six numbers bet - placed on the edge and in between two rows of numbers Outside Bets: Place a bet to cover an entire category, such as all red numbers, all black numbers, all odd numbers, and so on. Select one of these bet areas on the screen to highlight the corresponding numbers covered on the number board. Neighbour Bets Bet upon a section of adjacent numbers on the wheel with a single press. Press the red and black racecourse button to open the racecourse betting board. Hover over a number on the "racecourse oval" to highlight that number as well its neighbours to the left and right. Press a number on the "racecourse oval" to place the selected chip value on that number, as well as its neighbours to the left and right. These chips are placed on the number board, not the racecourse oval itself. Change the number of neighbours by pressing plus and minus on the racecourse oval. The number represents the selected number of neighbours. Pressing the following areas inside the racecourse also provides quick betting on the given numbers. Voisins – 22, 18, 29, 7, 28, 12, 35, 3, 26, 0, 32, 15, 19, 4, 21, 2, 25 Orphelins – 1, 20, 14, 31, 9, 17, 34, 6 Tiers – 27, 13, 36, 11, 30, 8, 23, 10, 5, 24, 16, 33 Expert History Bets Press the bar chart button to see Expert History, to expand the spin result history, and see up to the last 250 spins played. The Expert History display also indicates the five most-hit "Hot Numbers" and the five least-hit "Cold Numbers" over the past 250 games. Some pattern players use this feature to try to capitalise on hot streaks or to try to identify over-due numbers. Favourite Bets Press the heart button to save currently placed bet. Once the game is launched, enter the favourite bet name and press Save. The bet appears in the list. In order to place a bet that has been saved, press the bet name from the list. To remove any saved bets press the X next to the bet name. Options The OPTIONS tab offers the ability to switch off and on the sound effects, as well as change the table’s felt colour. Sound ON - Sound in the game turns on. OFF - Sound in the game turns off. Voice ON - Voice in the game turns on. OFF - Voice in the game turns off. Ambient Sound ON - Ambient Sound in the game turns on. OFF - Ambient Sound in the game turns off. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. The following outside bets do not cover a zero-green: Even Odd High (19-36) Low (1-18) Red Black Dozens (1st 12, 2nd 12, 3rd 12) Columns (2 to 1) The table minimum and maximum bet limits are listed in the paytable. If the smallest available chip is lower than the table minimum bet, placing bets with this chip is allowed, but play is not possible until the total of all bets meets the table minimum requirement. In addition to an overall table maximum limit, there is also a limit for each type of bet. See the paytable for details. Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. The expected payback value is also based upon correct player choices for any game that involves main game and/or bonus game play strategy. Last modification date: 5/21/2024