Republic Empire: Hold and Win Game Rules 1. Overview The goal is to obtain a winning combination on a winning line spread across the reels. Game specifications : Type Slots Number of reels 5 Number of rows Base Game: 3x4x4x4x3 Respins and Free Spins: 3x7x7x7x3 Number of ways Up to 3,087 Ways Number of coins you can bet 20 (cannot be changed) Progressive No Double feature No Wild symbols Yes Multiplier symbols Yes Scatter symbols Yes Bonus round Yes Free s pins Yes Instant win No RTP 94.02% The game disconnects if you do not take any actions for a specific number of consecutive minutes (this number varies depending on jurisdiction); the session recovery feature will save the game progress so that the next time the game is loaded, you can continue where you left off. In the event of technical difficulties resulting in a dropped connection to the game server, the game you were playing is saved automatically and will load the next time you establish a connection to the game server. You will not be able to reconnect to the game server for the first 30 seconds after the disconnection. Note : In case of malfunction all pays and play are voided; any bet that was not yet accepted will be voided, any bet that was unsettled will be refunded. 2. How to Play Note: If you do not have enough money to play a game, the bet can be set to the minimum selectable amount through a dialog window informing about this. All winning lines pay from left to right, beginning with the far-left reel. All line win symbols must appear on consecutive reels. Wins on different lines are all added. Only the highest winning combination on each line is paid.Winnings from Free Spins are added to the total win. On the info bar, you can view the current BET, your BALANCE and your current WIN, displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 2.1. Desktop version To play, follow these steps: 1. Click on the main screen, and then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value. Click to save the settings and return to the main screen. Note: The total BET is displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 2. Click to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won will be shown in the WIN field from the info bar, in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 2.2. Mobile version To play, follow these steps: 1. Tap on the main screen, then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value. Tap to save the settings and return to the main screen. Note: The total BET is displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 2. Tap to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won will be shown in the WIN field from the info bar, in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. To toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 3. Special Symbols and Features 3.1. Wild The Wild symbol replaces any other symbols, except the Bonus Symbol and Coin symbols, to form winning combinations. Wild symbols only appear on reels 2, 3 and 4. Note:If no specific payouts for Wild are displayed in the pay table, a combination formed exclusively with Wild will pay just like the highest paying symbol, if that combination is the highest winning combination. 3.2. Free Spins symbol Landing 3 or more Bonus Symbols on the reels will trigger Rise of Caesar Free Spins. 3.3. Coin symbol Landing 5 or more Coin symbols on the reels will trigger Rise of Caesar Respins. 3.4. Rise of Caesar Respins Landing 5 or more Coin symbols on the reels will trigger Rise of Caesar Respins that will award 3 respins. 3 Rise of Caesar Respins will be awarded and any coins that land will stick in place and reset the respins. Boosters do not stick in view but will reset the respins. Possible Values during Respins are as follows in times bet values: Coins values - 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 8x, 10x Mini - 25x Major - 50x Maxi - 100x Grand - 250x 3.5. Boosters During the Rise of Caesar Respins & Free Spins, special Booster symbols can land to unlock extra rows or multiply the end winnings: Arrow Coin symbol - only lands on reel 1 and unlocks an extra row on reels 2, 3 and 4 up to a max of 3 extra rows. X Coin symbol - only lands on reel 5 and increases the win multiplier level by 1. All prizes are multiplied at the end of the feature; Boosters do not stick in place. Once three of the same Booster has been collected that booster is no longer possible to land on its active reel. 3.6. Rise of Caesar Free Spins When 3 or more Bonus Symbols land will trigger the Rise of Caesar Free Spins round. Depending on how many symbols are landed will award the corresponding amount of Rise of Caesar Free Spins: 3 Bonus Symbols: 10 Free Spins 4 Bonus Symbols: 12 Free Spins 5 Bonus Symbols: 15 Free Spins Free Spins can not be retriggered. Booster symbols can land during Free Spins, but do not stick. Once landed, the reels will remain expanded or multiplier guaranteed. The expand Booster can only expand 3 times unlocking up to 3087 ways to win. The multiplier Booster can only multiply up to x4. All prizes are multiplied by the active multiplier of the current spin during free spins. Once 3 of the same Booster has been collected that Booster is no longer possible to land on its active reel. 3.7. Caesar Modifier During any paid spin in the base game mode the Caesar can appear over the reels & award one of the following: A winning spin; The Respins Bonus; The Free Spins Bonus; 4. OTHER GAME BUTTONS 4.1. Desktop version The following buttons are available: Click this button to toggle the game sound on or off. Click this button to open the PAYOUTS tab, where you can view several screens: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in either credit or your real currency - to toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area. information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts, or specific awards; the game lines and basic game rules. To navigate among the various screens in the PAYOUTS tab, click on the left and right arrows at the bottom of the screen. RULES In the last of the screens from the PAYOUTS tab, click this button to view detailed game rules, in a new browser window. (in real mode only) This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Click on it to view the gameplay history, in a new browser window. This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Click on it to close the game and to open the home website, in the same browser window. (available while the reels are spinning) Click this button to stop the reels earlier. (available during winning animations) Click this button to skip the winning animations. (available only for specific jurisdictions) Click this button to activate Turbo mode. The Turbo mode speeds up the gameplay - the spin time is reduced to a minimum. 4.2. Mobile version The following buttons are available: Tap this button to toggle the game sound on or off. Tap this button to open the PAYOUTS tab, where you can view several screens: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in either credit or your real currency - to toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area. information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts, or specific awards; the game lines and basic game rules. To navigate among the various screens in the PAYOUTS tab, tap on the left and right arrows at the bottom of the screen. RULES In the last of the screens from the PAYOUTS tab, tap this button to view detailed game rules, in a new browser window. (in real mode only) This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap on it to view the gameplay history in a new browser window. This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap on it to close the game and to open the home website, in the same browser window. (available while the reels are spinning) Tap this button to stop the reels earlier. (available during winning animations) Tap this button to skip the winning animations. (available only for specific jurisdictions) Tap this button to activate Turbo mode. The Turbo mode speeds up the gameplay - the spin time is reduced to a minimum. MALFUNCTION VOIDS ALL PAYS AND PLAYS Last modification date: 11/19/2024