Ramosis' Treasures 1. Overview The goal is to obtain a winning combination on a winning line spread across the reels. Game specifications : Type Slots Number of reels 5 Number of rows 4-6 Number of lines 30-60 Number of coins you can bet 75 (cannot be changed) Progressive No Double feature No Auto spin feature Yes Wild symbols Yes Multiplier symbols No Scatter symbols Yes ( Green Scarab, Blue Scarab, Purple Scarab) Bonus round Yes Free s pins Yes Instant win No The game disconnects if you do not take any actions for a specific number of consecutive minutes (this number varies depending on jurisdiction); the session recovery feature will save the game progress so that the next time the game is loaded, you can continue where you left off. In the event of technical difficulties resulting in a dropped connection to the game server, the game you were playing is saved automatically and will load the next time you establish a connection to the game server. You will not be able to reconnect to the game server for the first 30 seconds after the disconnection. Note : In case of malfunction all pays and play are voided; any bet that was not yet accepted will be voided, any bet that was unsettled will be refunded. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. 2. How to Play Note: If you do not have enough money to play a game, the bet can be set to the minimum selectable amount through a dialog window informing about this. All winning lines pay from left to right, beginning with the far-left reel. All line win symbols must appear on consecutive reels. Wins on different lines are all added. Only the highest winning combination on each line is paid.Winnings from Free Spins are added to the total win. The auto spin feature does not automatically start free spins - player input is required (Available only for specific jurisdictions). On the info bar, you can view the current BET, your BALANCE and your current WIN, displayed in either coin or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between coin or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 2.1. Desktop version To play, follow these steps: Click on the main screen, and then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value. Click to save the settings and return to the main screen. Note: The total BET is displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). Click to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won will be shown in the WIN field from the info bar, in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 2.2. Mobile version To play, follow these steps: Tap on the main screen, then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value. Tap to save the settings and return to the main screen. Note: The total BET is displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won will be shown in the WIN field from the info bar, in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. To toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 3. Special Symbols and Features 3.1. Wild The Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except for Green Scarab , Blue Scarab , Purple Scarab , Golden Scarab . 3.2. Discovery Feature Landing 1 or more Purple Scarab in the base game may randomly trigger the Discovery Feature , awarding 6 Free Spins. During Free Spins , 1 or more Purple Scarab may randomly award 6 additional Free Spins . Free Spins are played on expanded reels, with 60 lines. During each Free Spin , 4 symbol positions appear with multiplier hot spots of x2 to x5. Each multiplier hot spot in a line win multiplies the pay for that line win by the awarded multiplier. If more than 1 multiplier hot spot appears in a line win, the awarded multipliers are multiplied together and the pay for that line win is multiplied by that resulting multiplier. Free Spins end when 0 Free Spins remain or after 100 Free Spins have been played. During the Discovery Feature , 1 or more Green Scarab may randomly trigger the Discovery Jackpot Super Feature . 12 additional Free Spins are awarded and all remaining Free Spins are upgraded to the Discovery Jackpot Super Feature . During the Discovery feature, 1 or more Blue Scarab may randomly trigger the Discovery Evolution Super Feature . 6 additional Free Spins are awarded and all remaining Free Spins are upgraded to the Discovery Evolution Super Feature . During the Discovery feature , 1 or more Blue Scarab AND 1 or more Green Scarab in the same Free Spin may randomly trigger the Discovery Jackpot Evolution Mega Feature . 12 additional Free Spins are awarded and all remaining Free Spins are upgraded to the Discovery Jackpot Evolution Mega Feature . Different reels are used during the Discovery Feature . Reels are determined at the start of each Free Spin. 3.3. Jackpot Feature Landing 1 or more Green Scarab in the base game may randomly trigger the Jackpot Feature , awarding 12 Free Spins. Free Spins are played on 30 lines. During Free Spins , each Golden Scarab symbol awards a value (1 x bet, 3 x bet, or 5 x bet) or a Red, Green, Blue or Purple Jackpot gem . If a Jackpot gem is awarded, one gem position is filled in under the corresponding Mini , Minor , Major or Grand Jackpot meter above the reels. If all gem positions under a Jackpot meter are filled, the corresponding Jackpot is awarded and the collected gems are cleared. Free Spins end when 0 Free Spins remain. Collected Jackpot gems are cleared at the end of the feature. Different reels are used during the Jackpot Feature . Reels are determined at the start of each Free Spin. 3.4. Evolution Feature 1 or more Blue Scarab in the base game may randomly trigger the Evolution Feature , awarding 6 Free Spins . During Free Spins , 1 or more Blue Scarab may randomly award 6 additional Free Spins . Free Spins are played on 30 lines. During Free Spins, Wild transforms all adjacent symbol position into Wild . Wins are evaluated after all transformations are complete. During Free Spins , each Blue Scarab awards coin prizes (1 x bet, 3 x bet, or 5 x bet) or 1, 2 or 3 additional Free Spins . Free Spins end when 0 Free Spins remain or after 100 Free Spins have been played. During the Evolution feature , 1 or more Purple Scarab may randomly trigger the Discovery Evolution Super Feature . 6 additional Free Spins are awarded and all remaining Free Spins are upgraded to the Discovery Evolution Super Feature . During the Evolution feature , 1 or more Green Scarab may randomly trigger the Jackpot Evolution Super Feature . 12 additional Free Spins are awarded and all remaining Free Spins are upgraded to the Jackpot Evolution Super Feature . During the Evolution feature , 1 or more Purple Scarab AND 1 or more Green Scarab in the same Free Spin may randomly trigger the Discovery Jackpot Evolution Mega Feature . 12 additional Free Spins are awarded and all remaining Free Spins are upgraded to the Discovery Jackpot Evolution Mega Feature . Different reels are used during the Evolution feature. Reels are determined at the start of each Free Spin. 3.5. Super Feature Any combination of 2 different Green Scarab , Blue Scarab , Purple Scarab in the base game may randomly trigger the corresponding Super Feature. A Super Feature may also be awarded as an upgrade from within the Discovery Feature or Evolution Feature . If a Super Feature is triggered, all rules associated with the corresponding inidual features apply, except as noted below. If the Discovery Evolution Super Feature is triggered, win 6 Free Spins. If the Jackpot Evolution Super Feature or the Discovery Jackpot Super Feature is triggered, win 12 Free Spins. If the Discovery Jackpot or Discovery Evolution Super Feature is triggered, Free Spins are now played on 60 lines. During the Jackpot Evolution Super Feature , each Golden Scarab symbol awards coin prizes (1 x bet, 3 x bet, or 5 x bet), a Red, Green, Blue or Purple Jackpot gem or 1, 2 or 3 additional Free Spins . During the Discovery Evolution Super Feature , 1 or more Green Scarab may randomly trigger the Discovery Jackpot Evolution Mega Feature . 12 additional Free Spins are awarded and all remaining Free Spins are upgraded to the Discovery Jackpot Evolution Mega Feature . Different reels are used during each type of Super Feature . Reels are determined at the start of each Free Spin . 3.6. Mega Feature At least 1 Purple Scarab , 1 Green Scarab and 1 Blue Scarab in the base game may randomly trigger the Discovery Jackpot Evolution Mega Feature . The Mega Feature may also be awarded as an upgrade from within the Discovery Feature , Evolution Feature or the Discovery Evolution Super Feature . If the Discovery Jackpot Evolution Mega Feature is triggered, all rules associated with the inidual Discovery Feature , Jackpot Feature and Evolution Feature apply, except as noted below. If the Discovery Jackpot Evolution Mega Feature is triggered during the base game, win 12 Free Spins. During the Discovery Jackpot Evolution Mega Feature , Free Spins are played on 60 lines. During the Discovery Jackpot Evolution Mega Feature , each Golden Scarab symbol awards coin prizes (1 x bet, 3 x bet, or 5 x bet), a Red, Green, Blue or Purple Jackpot gem or 1, 2 or 3 additional Free Spins. Free Spins end when 0 Free Spins remain or after 100 Free Spins have been played. Different reels are used during the Discovery Jackpot Evolution Mega Feature . Reels are determined at the start of each Free Spin. 3.7. Bonus Buy Buy the bonus for 50x stake guaranteed entry into one of the Free Spins features triggered by a combination of 1, 2 or all 3 chests. Buy the bonus for 130x stake for guaranteed entry into the Free Spin feature triggered by all 3 chests. 4. Other game buttons 4.1. Desktop version The following buttons are available: Click this button to toggle the game sound on or off. Click this button to open the PAYOUTS tab, where you can view several screens: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in either credit or your real currency - to toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area. information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts, or specific awards; the game lines and basic game rules. To navigate among the various screens in the PAYOUTS tab, click on the left and right arrows at the bottom of the screen. RULES In the last of the screens from the PAYOUTS tab, click this button to view detailed game rules, in a new browser window. (in real mode only) This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Click on it to view the gameplay history, in a new browser window. This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Click on it to close the game and to open the home website, in the same browser window. (available while the reels are spinning) Click this button to stop the reels earlier. (available during winning animations) Click this button to skip the winning animations. (available only for specific jurisdictions) Click this button to activate Turbo mode. The Turbo mode speeds up the gameplay - the spin time is reduced to a minimum. 4.2. Mobile version The following buttons are available: Tap this button to toggle the game sound on or off. Tap this button to open the PAYOUTS tab, where you can view several screens: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in either credit or your real currency - to toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area. information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts, or specific awards; the game lines and basic game rules. To navigate among the various screens in the PAYOUTS tab, tap on the left and right arrows at the bottom of the screen. RULES In the last of the screens from the PAYOUTS tab, tap this button to view detailed game rules, in a new browser window. (in real mode only) This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap on it to view the gameplay history in a new browser window. This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap on it to close the game and to open the home website, in the same browser window. (available while the reels are spinning) Tap this button to stop the reels earlier. (available during winning animations) Tap this button to skip the winning animations. (available only for specific jurisdictions) Tap this button to activate Turbo mode. The Turbo mode speeds up the gameplay - the spin time is reduced to a minimum. Last modification date: 3/6/2025