Red Hot Joker Cascade High Stakes How to Bet Red Hot Joker Cascade High Stakes features 20 paylines. Bet Settings Menu Press the cog or TOTAL BET to open the Bet Settings menu. Coins Displays the current number of coins being played. Betting is fixed at 20 paylines. Coin Value Displays the current coin value shown in currency. Total Bet Displays the current total bet shown in currency. Change by selecting the desired total bet. On desktop devices, optionally press the minus button (–) to decrease the total bet or press the plus button (+) to increase the total bet. Press OK to confirm and close the Bet Settings menu. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current coin value. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins and where available, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN, and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Cascade Feature Any line or scatter win trigger the Cascade feature. After wins are awarded, all symbols in winning combinations disappear. Empty symbol positions on each reel are filled as symbols cascade from above Each time the reels cascade, wins are evaluated and awarded. After each cascade of the reels, wins are multiplied by the current cascade multiplier. The cascade multiplier starts at 1x at the beginning of each wagered spin and increases by 1x after each cascade of the reels, up to a maximum of 10x. Reels continue to cascade until no winning symbols combinations are created as a result of the cascading reels, or until 20 consecutive cascades have occurred. Expanding Wild Feature If a Red Hot Joker Symbol appears in any position on reel 3, all symbol positions on that reel transform into Wild Red Hot Joker Symbols if a winning combination is possible. Wild Red Hot Joker Symbol substituting in a line win multiplies that win by 2x. If a Joker Symbol appears in any position on a reel, all symbol positions on that reel transform into Wild Joker Symbols if a winning combination is possible. Wins are evaluated after all symbol transformations are complete. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far-left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Only the highest scatter win is paid per Scatter Symbol. Coinciding scatter wins from different Scatter Symbols are added. Scatter wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Line and scatter wins shown are pre-multiplied by the current bet multiplier. Joker and Wild Joker Symbols appear on reels 2, 3, and 4 in the base game. Red Hot Joker and Wild Red Hot Joker Symbols appear on reel 3. Wild Joker Symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols except Dollar Scatter, Star Scatter, Red Hot Joker, and Wild Red Hot Joker Symbols. Wild Red Hot Joker is wild and substitutes for all symbols except Dollar Scatter, Star Scatter, Joker, and Wild Joker Symbols. Star Scatter Symbol appears on reels 1, 3, and 5 only. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there may be an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately. Last modification date: 9/9/2025