Raging Storms Experience the ferocity of Raging Storms, where the mighty gods of the storm harness the elemental power of lightning, wind, ice, and rain to attract roaming Storm Wild symbols to the reels! When two Storm Wilds combine, they form the incredible Super Storm Wild, a jumbo-sized Wild symbol that may electrify wins with a 2x, 3x, 5x, or 10x multiplier. Trigger the bonus and experience the fury of the storm gods at their most powerful. Choose the storm god whose power suits your play style and enjoy more free spins or higher-paying symbols. During the Free Spins Bonus, Storm Wilds appear more frequently, 5-high stacks of the selected storm god symbol appear on every reel, and mystery multipliers of 2x, 3x, 5x, or 10x may appear on any spin. Behold the vast forces of the skies and experience thunderous wins in Raging Storms! How to Bet Raging Storms features 25 paylines. Bet Configuration Menu (mobile/tablet) Press the arrow to open the bet configuration menu. Press the check mark to confirm and close the bet configuration menu. Lines Displays the current number of paylines. Betting is fixed at 25 paylines. Line Bet Displays the current bet per line shown in currency. Press the minus button (–) to decrease the bet per line. Press the plus button (+) to increase the bet per line. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current line bet and number of paylines. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN, and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Combining Wilds Feature Storm Wilds may appear on reel 1 and/or reel 5. Storm Wilds move horizontally or diagonally to a position on an adjacent reel at the start of each consecutive spin, until they move all the way across the reels. Storm Wilds always move in the same general direction, depending on the reel on which they initially appeared: • A Storm Wild that initially appeared on reel 1 moves to an adjacent reel to the right on the next spin. • A Storm Wild that initially appeared on reel 5 moves to an adjacent reel to the left on the next spin. Any Storm Wilds already on the reels move before any additional Storm Wilds appear. Right-moving Storm Wilds on reel 5 and left-moving Storm Wilds on reel 1 move off the reels on the next spin. When two Storm Wilds combine, they expand to form a 3x3, 3x2, 2x3, or 2x2 Super Storm Wild depending on the Super Storm Wild's placement on the reels. Only Storm Wilds moving in opposite directions may combine. The following scenarios are considered combinations and successfully form a Super Storm Wild: • Two Storm Wilds meet in the same position on the reels. • Two Storm Wilds swap positions on the reels. • Two Storm Wilds on adjacent reels and on the same row both move up or both move down, crossing through one another on their path. • Two Storm Wilds on adjacent reels and on the same row move in such a way that one Storm Wild moves up or down, and the other Storm Wild moves horizontally. • Two Storm Wilds on adjacent reels and on adjacent rows move in such a way that one Storm Wild moves horizontally, and the other Storm Wild moves into the position previously occupied by the first Storm Wild. • A new Storm Wild appears on a position occupied by an incoming Storm Wild. Only one Super Storm Wild may form per spin. If multiple combinations are possible on a single spin, the scenario in which Storm Wilds meet in the same position takes precedence. A random multiplier of 2x, 3x, 5x, or 10x may be applied to any Super Storm Wild. When a Super Storm Wild substitutes in a line win, that line win is multiplied by any multiplier value displayed on the Super Storm Wild. A Super Storm Wild lasts for one spin. On the next spin, the Super Storm Wild reverts to the initial two Storm Wilds which continue to move to adjacent reels in the direction they were travelling prior to the combination. The position in which the Storm Wilds emerge from the Super Storm Wild is determined as follows: • If the Super Storm Wild was created by two Storm Wilds meeting in the same position on the reels on row 1 or 2, the left-moving Storm Wild emerges in the exact position in which the Storm Wilds combined, while the right-moving Storm Wild emerges in the position directly below the position in which the Storm Wilds combined. • If the Super Storm Wild was created by two Storm Wilds meeting in the same position on the reels on row 3 or 4, the left-moving Storm Wild emerges in the exact position in which the Storm Wilds combined, while the right-moving Storm Wild emerges in the position directly above the position in which the Storm Wilds combined. • If the Super Storm Wild was created by two Storm Wilds combining in any way other than meeting in the same position on the reels, both the left-moving and right-moving Storm Wilds emerge in the exact position they were moving toward prior to the combination. Free Spins Bonus The Free Spins Bonus is triggered when three or more Bonus scatter symbols appear anywhere on the reels. Select the number of free spins and the stacked character symbol from the following bonus options: 3 Bonus Symbols 4 Bonus Symbols 5 Bonus Symbols 7 Free Spins with stacks of Lightning God 9 Free Spins with stacks of Lightning God 12 Free Spins with stacks of Lightning God 9 Free Spins with stacks of Wind God 12 Free Spins with stacks of Wind God 15 Free Spins with stacks of Wind God 12 Free Spins with stacks of Ice God 16 Free Spins with stacks of Ice God 20 Free Spins with stacks of Ice God 15 Free Spins with stacks of Rain God 20 Free Spins with stacks of Rain God 25 Free Spins with stacks of Rain God All choices have the same expected payback but may provide different play experiences. During the Free Spins Bonus, Storm Wilds appear more frequently than in the base game. The Free Spins Bonus also features 2x, 3x, 5x, and 10x mystery multipliers that may be applied to the total win amount of any given spin, including any wins multiplied by a Super Storm Wild. Bonus options with fewer free spins award more frequent mystery multipliers. The first spin of the Free Spins Bonus guarantees two Storm Wilds - one on reel 1 and one on reel 5. Both Storm Wilds will appear on either row 2 or row 3. The Free Spins Bonus cannot be retriggered but continues until all awarded free spins have been completed and all Storm Wilds have moved off the reels. During this time, new Storm Wilds may continue to appear, and additional spins may be awarded, up to a maximum of 999 free spins per bonus. Reels used in the Free Spins Bonus are different from the reels used in the base game and feature 5-high stacks of the selected symbol. Free spins are played at the same line bet and same number of paylines as the triggering spin. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far-left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the line bet on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Highest win for each line is determined before applying any multipliers. Only the highest scatter win is paid. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Scatter wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Storm Wild symbols are wild and substitute for all symbols except the Bonus symbol. New Storm Wild symbols appear on reels 1 and 5 in both the base game and the Free Spins Bonus and move to a position on an adjacent reel at the start of each consecutive spin. Storm Wild symbol positions on the reels are persistent per bet level. When a Storm Wild or a Super Storm Wild symbol cover a Bonus scatter symbol, both the Wild symbol and the Bonus symbol exist as valid symbols in that reel position. Any applicable bonus trigger or scatter win is awarded in addition to any applicable line win associated with the covering Wild symbol. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. The theoretical return to player of this game is 92.94% Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent, except in cases where one spin unlocks a feature for a subsequent spin or series of spins, per the game rules. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given spin of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next spin are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of spins by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. Intellectual Property © 2019 IGT. All rights reserved. All other trademarks used herein are owned by IGT or its affiliates, may not be used without permission, and where indicated with a ®, are registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/5/2020