Rise of the Sabertooth 1. Overview The goal is to obtain a winning combination on a winning line spread across the reels. Game specifications: Type Slots Number of reels 5 Number of rows 4 Number of lines 20 (cannot be changed) Number of coins you can bet 20 (cannot be changed) Progressive No Double feature No Wild symbols Yes Multiplier symbols No Scatter symbols Yes (Bonus) Bonus round Yes Free spins Yes Instant win No RTP Normal Game: 94.00% Bonus Buy: 94.11% Super Bonus Buy: 94.16% The game disconnects if you do not take any actions for a specific number of consecutive minutes (this number varies depending on jurisdiction); the session recovery feature will save the game progress so that the next time the game is loaded, you can continue where you left off. In the event of technical difficulties resulting in a dropped connection to the game server, the game you were playing is saved automatically and will load the next time you establish a connection to the game server. You will not be able to reconnect to the game server for the first 30 seconds after the disconnection. Note: In case of malfunction all pays and play are voided; any bet that was not yet accepted will be voided, any bet that was unsettled will be refunded. 2. How to Play Note: If you do not have enough money to play a game, the bet can be set to the minimum selectable amount through a dialog window informing about this. All winning lines pay from left to right, beginning with the far-left reel. All line win symbols must appear on consecutive reels. Wins on different lines are all added. Only the highest winning combination on each line is paid.Winnings from Free Spins are added to the total win. The auto spin feature does not automatically start free spins - player input is required (Available only for specific jurisdictions). On the info bar, you can view the current BET, your BALANCE and your current WIN, displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 2.1. Desktop version To play, follow these steps: Click on the main screen, and then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value. Click to save the settings and return to the main screen. Note: The total BET is displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). Click to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won will be shown in the WIN field from the info bar, in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 2.2. Mobile version To play, follow these steps: Tap on the main screen, then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value. Tap to save the settings and return to the main screen. Note: The total BET is displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won will be shown in the WIN field from the info bar, in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. To toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 3. Special Symbols and Features 3.1. Wild The Wild symbol replaces any other symbols, except the Mystery, Stacked Wild or Super Symbol, to form winning combinations. Note: If no specific payouts for Wild are displayed in the pay table, a combination formed exclusively with Wild will pay just like the highest paying symbol, if that combination is the highest winning combination on a line. 3.2. Stacked Wild Stacked Wild can reveal a x2 or x3 multiplier. 3.3. Super Symbol Super Symbol always spawns stacked Wilds. 3.4. Mystery Reveals any paid symbol except Scatter or Super Symbol. 3.5. Free Spins Landing 3 or more Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels triggers Free Spins. 3 Scatters = 6 Free Spins 4 Scatters = 8 Free Spins 5 Scatters = 10 Super Free Spins FREE SPINS Free Spins play out where any Stacked Wild is guaranteed to reveal at least a x2 multiplier. After the Sabertooth Wild Respins the multiplier will not be activate but can be triggered again with a new Wild respin modifier. Respins in the Wild modifier do not count as deducted Free Spins. During Free Spins, Free Spins cannot be retriggered. SUPER FREE SPINS Super Free Spins play out with a guaranteed 10 Free Spins. Any Stacked Wild is guaranteed to reveal at least a x2 multiplier however any multipliers triggered in Super Free Spins remain persistent for the duration of Free Spins across all spins and can only be bettered by another Stacked Wild. Stacked Wild Multipliers are additive During Free Spins, Super Free Spins cannot be retriggered. 3.6. Sabertooth Wild Respin Sabertooth Wild Respins are always triggered whenever a super symbol lands in view. This will expand a Stacked Wild into view, and can reveal a x2 or x3 multiplier. In Free Spins the multiplier is guaranteed. x2 or x3 multipliers can then be applied to all wins and the Sabertooth Wild Respins will occur. The Stacked Wild will shift left and any new wins are multiplied. If another Stacked Wild lands in view the multiplier is added to the overall multiplier and the spins continue. Sabertooth Wild Respins end when the Stacked Wild shifts left past the far left reel. 3.7. Bonus Buy The player can buy the Bonus. Free Spins will land in view 3 or 4 Scatters symbols with no other winnings at a cost of 75x. Super Free Spins will land in 5 Scatters symbols guaranteed with no other winnings at a cost of 150x. 4. Other game buttons 4.1. Desktop version The following buttons are available: Click this button to toggle the game sound on or off. Click this button to open the PAYOUTS tab, where you can view several screens: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in either credit or your real currency - to toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area. information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts, or specific awards; the game lines and basic game rules. To navigate among the various screens in the PAYOUTS tab, click on the left and right arrows at the bottom of the screen. RULES In the last of the screens from the PAYOUTS tab, click this button to view detailed game rules, in a new browser window. (in real mode only) This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Click on it to view the gameplay history, in a new browser window. This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Click on it to close the game and to open the home website, in the same browser window. (available while the reels are spinning) Click this button to stop the reels earlier. (available during winning animations) Click this button to skip the winning animations. (available only for specific jurisdictions) Click this button to activate Turbo mode. The Turbo mode speeds up the gameplay - the spin time is reduced to a minimum. 4.2. Mobile version The following buttons are available: Tap this button to toggle the game sound on or off. Tap this button to open the PAYOUTS tab, where you can view several screens: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in either credit or your real currency - to toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area. information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts, or specific awards; the game lines and basic game rules. To navigate among the various screens in the PAYOUTS tab, tap on the left and right arrows at the bottom of the screen. RULES In the last of the screens from the PAYOUTS tab, tap this button to view detailed game rules, in a new browser window. (in real mode only) This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap on it to view the gameplay history in a new browser window. This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap on it to close the game and to open the home website, in the same browser window. (available while the reels are spinning) Tap this button to stop the reels earlier. (available during winning animations) Tap this button to skip the winning animations. (available only for specific jurisdictions) Tap this button to activate Turbo mode. The Turbo mode speeds up the gameplay - the spin time is reduced to a minimum. Last modification date: 3/25/2025