Snowy Secrets Snowy Secrets is a 5-reel game featuring 30 paylines and a Free Spins Bonus in which 4 symbols can become wild! Trigger the Free Spins Bonus by getting 3 Bonus Symbols anywhere on the centre 3 reels. Start the bonus with 15 free spins with the opportunity to retrigger the bonus multiple times. Collect wild Present Symbols and watch as more and more symbols become wild! How to Bet Snowy Secrets features 30 fixed paylines. Bet Configuration Menu Press the cog or TOTAL BET to open the bet configuration menu. Coins Displays the current number of coins being played. Coin Value Displays the current coin value shown in currency. To change the bet: Select the desired total bet. On desktop devices, optionally press the minus button (–) to decrease the total bet, or press the plus button (+) to increase the total bet. Press OK to confirm and close the bet configuration menu. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current coin value. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins and where available, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Free Spins Bonus The Free Spins Bonus is triggered when 3 Bonus Scatter Symbols appear anywhere on the centre 3 reels. These symbols are only found on reels 2, 3, and 4. Triggering the Free Spins Bonus awards 15 free spins. The reels in the Free Spins Bonus are richer than the base game reels. The Free Spins Bonus is retriggered when 3 Bonus Scatter Symbols appear anywhere on the centre 3 reels. These symbols are only found on reels 2, 3, and 4. The bonus can be retriggered multiple times, up to a maximum of 225 free spins per bonus. The Present Symbol is wild in the Free Spins Bonus and is only found on reel 5. Every time a Present Symbol appears, it is saved in a special on-screen accumulator. Collect 3 Presents total and all Santa Claus Symbols become wild on reels 2 through 5. The Santa Claus Symbols become wild on the spin the third Present is collected and for all subsequent spins in the bonus. Furthermore, every additional set of 3 Presents upgrades an additional symbol: 3 Presents: Santa Claus Symbol is wild on reels 2 through 5 6 Presents: Christmas Tree Symbol is also wild on reels 2 through 5 9 Presents: Christmas Stocking Symbol is also wild on reels 2 through 5 12 Presents: Gingerbread House Symbol is also wild on reels 2 through 5 After 12 Present Symbols have been collected, no more Presents can be collected, but the Present Symbol remains wild. Once the Free Spins Bonus ends, all Present accumulators are emptied. Free spins are played at same coin value as the triggering spin. Options Sound On Toggle game sounds on or off. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far-left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the coin value on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Only the highest scatter win is paid. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Scatter wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Wins are shown in currency. Fireplace Symbol is wild and appears on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5 only. In the Free Spins Bonus , symbols that have become wild are only wild on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5. When enough Presents have been collected to make a given symbol wild, that symbol becomes wild on that spin immediately and for all subsequent spins in the bonus. Present symbol is wild and appears on reel 5 only in the Free Spins Bonus . All Wild Symbols substitute for all symbols except the Bonus Symbol. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there may be an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. Additional Information In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent, except in cases where one spin unlocks a feature for a subsequent spin or series of spins, per the game rules. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given spin of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next spin are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of spins by numerous players over an extended period of time. For this game, the long-term, theoretically expected payback is 94.93%. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. The expected payback value is also based upon correct player choices for any games which involve main game and/or bonus game play strategy. If applicable, the maximum win on any transaction including the results of any triggered bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus, is capped at 250,000.00. Last modification date: 3/13/2024