Solar Disc The mighty sun god is beaming ancient riches upon you in Solar Disc! The outlook is sunny for the frequently-occurring Solar Disc feature in the base game: when one or more Solar Disc symbols appear anywhere on the reels, they reveal a symbol. All other instances of that symbol that appear on the reels become wild for luminous wins. Trigger the Free Spins Bonus and be radiantly rewarded with 10 free spins and a guaranteed Solar Disc feature on each spin! How To Bet Solar Disc features 26 paylines for 50 coins. Bet Configuration Menu Press the arrow to open the bet configuration menu. Displays the current bet value shown in currency. Press the minus button (-) to decrease the bet value. Press the plus button (+) to increase the bet value. Press the check mark to confirm and close the bet configuration menu. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current bet value.. For UK jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Solar Disc Feature After the reel spin of any game, each Solar Disc symbol appearing in any position of the reels turns over individually to reveal one of the following symbols: Puma, Bear, Vase, Mask, Key or Coin. Every position where the revealed symbol occurs is transformed into a Wild symbol. The Solar Disc symbol only reveals symbols that already appear on the reels and have not already been revealed by a preceding Solar Disc symbol. Wins are evaluated after all symbol transformations are complete. If all available symbols have already been transformed, additional Solar Disc symbols will transform into a Wild symbol. Free Spins Bonus The Free Spins Bonus is triggered when one Bonus symbol lands in any position on reel 1 and one or more Solar Disc symbols land in any position on any other reel. Triggering the Free Spins Bonus awards 10 free spins. The reels in the Free Spins Bonus are richer than the base game reels. During each free spin, a Solar Disc symbol is guaranteed to appear on each reel upon which a Solar Disc symbol appeared in the triggering spin. The Free Spins Bonus cannot be retriggered. Free spins are played at the same bet value as the triggering spin. Pattern Win Fill every position on all reels with Wild symbols to be awarded a Pattern Win. See the paytable for details. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the coin value on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Line wins are not paid in addition to pattern wins. Bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Bonus symbol appears on reel 1 in the base game only. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the Free Spins Bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent, except in cases where one spin unlocks a feature for a subsequent spin or series of spins, per the game rules. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time Last modification date: 12/27/2021