Samba de Frutas Enjoy the tropical rhythms and feeling of Carnivale as you celebrate big wins in Samba de Frutas! With 100 paylines there are plenty of reasons for the stacked symbols to be dancing. Super tall reels can barely contain the towering Wild Fruit Hat symbols, making this the tastiest Stacked Wilds feature yet. And they're even richer and more fruitful in the Free Spins Bonus. How to Bet Auto Spin Feature Stacked Wilds Feature Samba de Frutas! Bonus Options Rules Additional Information How to Bet Samba de Frutas! features 100 paylines. LINE BET Displays the current bet per line shown in currency. Press the left arrow (-) to decrease the bet per line. Press the right arrow (+) to increase the bet per line. LINES Displays the current number of paylines selected. Press the left arrow (-) to decrease the number of paylines played. Press the right arrow (+) to increase the number of paylines played. Spin Button Press to submit the bet and spin the reels. [ top ] Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a selected number of games at the current number of lines and line bet. Select the desired number of lines and line bet, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until the STOP button is pressed, a bonus is triggered, or the balance is insufficient to spin again. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. [ top ] Stacked Wilds Feature With the Stacked Wilds feature, each reel is loaded with groups of eight consecutive Wild symbols. In the Free Spins Bonus, the Stacked Wilds feature is even richer and more plentiful. [ top ] Samba de Frutas! Bonus The Samba de Frutas! Bonus is triggered by three Bonus symbols anywhere on the centre three reels. Five free spins are awarded. The Stacked Wilds feature is richer in the bonus than in the base game. The bonus can be retriggered by three Bonus symbols appearing anywhere on the centre three reels. Retriggering the bonus awards an additional five free spins. Bonus symbol appears on reels 2, 3, and 4. The bonus can be retriggered multiple times, up to a maximum of 255 free spins per bonus. Free spins are played at same line bet and same number of lines as the triggering game. [ top ] Options Graphics Quality Adjust the quality of the graphics to get the optimal animation performance. BEST mode - Highest quality graphics, but performance may suffer. HIGH mode (default) - Balanced graphics and performance setting. MEDIUM mode - Lower quality but increased performance. LOW mode - Minimal graphics, but smoothest animation performance is achieved even on slower computers. [ top ] Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. Bonus symbol appears on reels 2, 3, and 4 only. Only highest win paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the line bet. Coinciding wins on different paylines are added. Wins are shown in currency. Reels used in Free Spins Bonus are different from the reels used in the base game. Regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the Free Spins Bonus plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. [ top ] Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. The theoretical return to player of this game is 94.52% Intellectual Property All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of IGT in the U.S. and/or other countries. © 2015 IGT. All rights reserved. Last modification date: 12/27/2021