Sleepy Hollow Sleepy Hollow Seek fortunes in Sleepy Hollow , where the wilds catch fire and spread across the reels! When the Headless Horseman appears, he ignites all adjacent Sleepy Hollow Symbols, turning them into fiery wilds. During the Free Spins Bonus , choose your path to riches and witness the Headless Horseman’s guaranteed transformation on every spin! How to Bet Sleepy Hollow features 30 paylines. Bet Settings Menu Press the cog or TOTAL BET to open the Bet Setings menu. Coins Displays the current number of coins being played. Betting is fixed at 30 paylines. Coin Value Displays the current coin value shown in currency. Total Bet Displays the current total bet shown in currency. Change by selecting the desired total bet. On desktop devices, optionally press the minus button (–) to decrease the total bet or press the plus button (+) to increase the total bet. Press OK to confirm and close the Bet Settings menu. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current coin value and number of paylines selected. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins and where available, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Expanding Wild Feature After the reel spin in the base game or in the Free Spins Bonus , Headless Horseman Symbols in any position on the reels expand downward and transform symbols into Headless Horseman Symbols. Headless Horseman Symbol is Wild and substitutes for all symbols except for the Bonus Symbol. Sleepy Hollow Symbols vertically and horizontally adjacent to any Headless Horseman Symbols transform into ignited Wild Symbols. Sleepy Hollow Symbols vertically and horizontally adjacent to any ignited Wild Symbols also transform into ignited Wild Symbols. Wins are evaluated after all transformations are complete. Free Spins Bonus The Free Spins Bonus is triggered when 3 Bonus Scatter Symbols appear on reels 1, 3, and 5 in the base game. Select the number of free spins with multiplier from the following options to start the bonus: Number of Free Spins Multiplier Awarded 12 1x 6 2x 4 3x During each free spin, a fiery frame appears around 1 random reel. After the reel spin, the reel transforms into a Headless Horseman Symbol. Wins are evaluated after all transformations are complete. During the Free Spins Bonus , 3 Bonus Scatter Symbols appearing on reels 1, 3, and 5 award additional free spins at the same number and multiplier as the initial selection. If the number of awarded spins is greater than 600 and the trigger combination appears again, no additional free spins are awarded. Additional free spins are awarded even if appearing on a reel that is transformed into a Headless Horseman Symbol. Reels used in the Free Spins Bonus are different from the reels used in the base game. Free spins are played at same coin value and same number of paylines as the triggering spin. The Free Spins Bonus ends when 0 free spins remain or after 600 free spins have been played. Options All Sound Toggle game sounds on or off. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far-left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the coin value on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Bonus Symbols appear on reels 1, 3, and 5 in the base game and Free Spins Bonus . Ignited Wild Symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols except Bonus Symbol. Headless Horseman Symbols substitute for all symbols except Bonus Symbol. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there may be an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. Last modification date: 10/10/2023