Sushi Yum-Yum Extra Wasabi Sushi Yum-Yum Extra Wasabi Introduction Step up to the sushi bar for a Japanese-style feast in Sushi Yum-Yum Extra Wasabi ! On the menu is the exciting MultiWay Xtra feature, with up to 720 ways to win on an eye-catching hexagonal 5-reel interface. The game pays in both directions—left-to-right and right-to-left—leading to even more ways to win! Fill up your plate with delicious scatter wins and stacks of wilds! How To Bet Sushi Yum-Yum Extra Wasabi features 720 ways to win with MultiWay Xtra . Bet Configuration Menu Press [MENU] to open the bet configuration menu. Coin Value Displays the current coin value shown in currency. Press [MINUS] to decrease the coin value. Press [PLUS] to increase the coin value. 720 Ways Displays current number of ways being played. Betting is fixed at 720 ways which costs 60 coins. Confirm Press [TICK] to confirm and close the bet configuration menu. Spin Press [SPIN] to submit the bet and spin the reels and. MultiWay Xtra Feature With the MultiWay Xtra feature, there are 720 ways to win on every spin. MultiWay Xtra wins pay for matching symbols in any position in three or more adjacent columns, starting from the leftmost column or the rightmost column. More than one matching symbol in the same column multiplies the win. The Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except for the Scatter and Bonus symbols. Only the highest paying MultiWay Xtra win for each symbol is paid per spin. Example of a MultiWay Xtra payout: The following diagram shows a sample reel outcome using the Roe symbol. Because there is at least one Roe or Wild symbol in each of the first four columns, the player has won the 4 Roe MultiWay Xtra win which pays 30 coins per way. Payout example: 1 x 2 x 3 x 1 Roe = 6 winning ways: Column 1 Column 2 Column 3 Column 4 Column 5 Wild Roe Roe Wild Wild Wild Wild 1 Roe 2 Wild 3 Wild 1 Roe To determine the payout for this combination: Count the number of Roe and Wild symbols in each column. Calculate the total number of winning ways (1 x 2 x 3 x 1 = 6). Multiply the number of ways by the 4 Roe symbol win (6 x 30 = 180). The total win is 180 coins. The actual amount won in currency is based on the coin value. Free Spins Bonus The Free Spins Bonus is triggered by getting a Bonus symbol in any position on five consecutive reels. Each winning combination of five Bonus symbols awards 5 free spins. The middle reel in the Free Spins Bonus contains only Wild, Cat, Dragon Roll Scatter, and Bonus symbols which increases the potential for big wins. The reels in the Free Spins Bonus are richer, with more stacks of wilds than the base game reels. With Stacked Bonus symbols, it is possible to earn up to 60 free spins initially. During the Free Spins Bonus, the bonus can be retriggered by getting a Bonus Retrigger symbol in any position on five consecutive reels. The bonus can be retriggered multiple times, up to a maximum of 150 free spins per bonus. Free spins are played at the same coin value and same number of lines as the reel spin that triggered the bonus. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. MultiWay Xtra wins pay for the same symbol in any position in adjacent columns. The same symbol in the same column multiplies the win. MultiWay Xtra wins pay left to right or right to left. Only the highest paying MultiWay Xtra win for each symbol is paid per spin. MultiWay Xtra wins are multiplied by the coin value. Wild symbol appears on reels 2, 3, and 4 in the base game. Wild symbol appears on reels 2, 3, and 4 in the Free Spins Bonus. Only highest scatter win is paid. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Scatter wins are independent from MultiWay Xtra wins and are also added to the total amount paid. Wins are shown in currency. Regardless of your bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the Free Spins Bonus plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. Additional Information All trademarks are owned and/or registered by IGT and/or its licensors in the U.S. and/or other countries. © 2014 IGT. All rights reserved. Last updated 19 February 2015