Skeleton Key Step into the otherworldly realm of Skeleton Key and unearth up to 7,776 ways to win! Unveil more ways to riches when Key symbols appear and expand the reels. Mystery symbols may magically appear from the ether and transform other symbols, increasing the chances of more wins. Float into the Free Spins Bonus to unlock an increasing win multiplier. More keys in the bonus mean more multipliers and ways to win! How to Bet Skeleton Key offers 243 to 7,776 ways to win. Bet Configuration Menu (mobile/tablet) Press the coins to open the bet configuration menu. Press the check mark to confirm and close the bet configuration menu. 243 to 7,776 Ways Displays the current number of ways being played. Total Bet Displays the current total bet shown in currency. Press the minus button (-) to decrease the total bet. Press the plus button (+) to increase the total bet. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current total bet. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Reel Expansion Feature The initial reel window is 3 symbol positions high. If a Key scatter symbol appears on any reel, that reel expands to 6 symbol positions high. After the reel expansion, the Key symbol disappears, and all empty reel spaces are filled with symbols that fall in from above, in sequence. Reel symbols that fall from above contain all symbols except Key symbols. More than one Key symbol may appear on the reels, but only one Key symbol may appear on each reel of a given spin. All symbols continue to fall into empty reel spaces until no more Key symbols appear on the reels. Wins are evaluated once, after the reel expansion and all symbols have fallen. On the next spin, the reel window remains 6 symbol positions high. On subsequent spins, the reel height decreases 1 position on each spin, until it reverts to 3 symbol positions high. If a Key symbol appears during the subsequent spins, that reel expands to 6 symbol positions high and the sequence resets. Reel heights in the base game are saved separately for each bet level and remain between play sessions. Mystery Symbol Feature On any spin, the reels may contain Mystery symbols that transform into any symbol except Key, Bonus, or Wild symbols. All Mystery symbols on all reels transform into the same symbol. Wins are evaluated after all symbols transform. MultiWay Xtra Feature With the MultiWay Xtra feature, there are 243 to 7,776 ways to win on every spin, based on the Reel Expansion feature. MultiWay Xtra wins pay for matching symbols in any position in adjacent columns, starting from the leftmost column. More than one matching symbol in the same column multiplies the award. The Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except for the Key, Mystery and Bonus symbols. Only the highest paying MultiWay Xtra win for each symbol is paid per spin. Example of a MultiWay Xtra payout: The following diagram shows a sample reel outcome using the Purple Gem symbol. Because there is at least one Purple Gem or Wild symbol in each of the first four columns, the player has won the 4 Purple Gem MultiWay Xtra win which pays 8 coins per way. Payout example: 1 x 6 x 2 x 1 Purple Gems = 12 winning ways: Column 1 Column 2 Column 3 Column 4 Column 5 Purple Gem Purple Gem Purple Gem Purple Gem Purple Gem Wild Purple Gem Wild Purple Gem Purple Gem 1 Purple Gem 6 Purple Gems 2 Purple Gems 1 Purple Gem To determine the payout for this combination: Count the number of Purple Gem and Wild symbols in each column. Calculate the total number of winning ways (1 x 6 x 2 x 1 = 12). Multiply the number of ways by the 4 Purple Gem symbol win (12 x 8 = 96). The win is 96 coins. The actual amount won in currency is based on the coin value. Free Spins Bonus The Free Spins Bonus is triggered when three or more Bonus scatter symbols appear anywhere on the reels. Number of Bonus Symbols Free Spins Awarded 3 10 4 20 5 30 The Free Spins Bonus is retriggered when two or more Bonus scatter symbols appear anywhere on the reels. Number of Bonus Symbols Additional Free Spins Awarded 2 2 3 10 4 20 5 30 The bonus can be retriggered multiple times, up to a maximum of 200 free spins per bonus. The Free Spins Bonus begins with an initial 3 symbol position-high reel window. During the Free Spins Bonus , the Reel Expansion feature works in the same way as the base game. The Free Spins Bonus begins with an accumulating multiplier value of 1x. Each Key symbol that appears in the active reel window awards a 1x multiplier value that adds to the accumulating multiplier. During the Free Spins Bonus , reel symbols that fall from above may contain all symbols, and Mystery symbols may also transform into Key symbols. More than one Key symbol may appear on the reels, and more than one Key symbol may appear on each reel in the Free Spins Bonus , with each awarding a 1x multiplier. All symbols continue to descend until there are no Key symbols on the reels. Wins are evaluated once each free spin, after any reel expansions, falling symbols, Mystery symbol transformations, or multiplier increases. All wins are multiplied by the accumulating multiplier value. Reels used in the Free Spins Bonus are different from the reels used in the base game. Free spins are played at same coin value as the triggering spin. The Free Spins Bonus ends when 0 free spins remain or after 200 free spins have been played. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. MultiWay Xtra wins pay for the same symbol in any position in adjacent columns. Same symbol in same column multiplies win. MultiWay Xtra wins pay left to right. Only the highest paying MultiWay Xtra win for each symbol is paid per spin. Coinciding MultiWay Xtra wins from different symbols are added. MultiWay Xtra wins are multiplied by the coin value. Wild symbol appears on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5 in the base game and Free Spins Bonus . Bonus wins are independent from MultiWay Xtra wins and are added to the total amount paid. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. Additional Information The theoretical return to player of this game is 96.49%. Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent, except in cases where one spin unlocks a feature for a subsequent spin or series of spins, per the game rules. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given spin of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next spin are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of spins by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. Last modification date: 9/14/2021