Super Times Pay FG Experience multiplied wins across five paylines with a retriggering Free Spins Bonus! Wild Multipliers on outer reels and stacks of Wild Multipliers on inner reel provide massive win potential . How To Bet Super Times Pay Free Games features 5 paylines. LINE BET Displays the current bet per line shown in currency. Press the left arrow (–) to decrease the bet per line. Press the right arrow (+) to increase the bet per line. LINES Displays the current number of paylines selected. Press the left arrow (–) to decrease the number of paylines played. Press the right arrow (+) to increase the number of paylines played. SPIN Press to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of games at the current line bet and number of paylines selected. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many games to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of games until the STOP button is pressed, a bonus is triggered, or the balance is insufficient to spin again. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Wild Multipliers Each reel is loaded with Wild Multiplier symbols that boost the payout. The 2x Wild Multiplier symbol appears on reels 1 and 3. Mixed stacks of 2x, 3x, 4x, and 5x Wild Multiplier symbols appear only on reel 2. Wins for outcomes with one Wild Multiplier symbol and two matching non-wild symbols are multiplied by the multiplier value listed on the symbol. Wins for outcomes with two Wild Multiplier symbols and one matching non-wild symbol are multiplied by both multiplier values on the symbols. Wins with one, two, or three Wild Multiplier symbols that do not otherwise form a three-symbol winner are paid the corresponding "Wild Multiplier" win listed in the paytable. Super Symbols and the Free Spins Bonus Each reel holds one of three Super Symbols that substitutes for a normal symbol, but can also work together to trigger the Free Spins Bonus: Reel 1: 7-Bar Super Symbol Reel 2: 2-Bar Super Symbol Reel 3: Red7 Super Symbol Trigger the Free Spins Bonus by getting a scatter Super Symbol on each reel in any payline position. Triggering the Free Spins Bonus awards 10 free spins. Retrigger the Free Spins Bonus by getting a scatter Super Symbol on each reel in any payline position. The bonus can be retriggered multiple times, up to a maximum of 999 free spins per bonus. Free spins are played at same line bet and same number of paylines as the triggering spin. Options Graphics Quality Adjust the quality of the graphics to get the optimal animation performance. BEST mode - Highest quality graphics, but performance may suffer. HIGH mode (default) - Balanced graphics and performance setting. MEDIUM mode - Lower quality but increased performance. LOW mode - Minimal graphics, but smoothest animation performance is achieved even on slower computers. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the line bet on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Only the highest scatter win is paid per scatter symbol. Coinciding scatter wins from different scatter symbols are added. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Scatter wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Wins are shown in currency. Regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the Free Spins Bonus or the Picker Bonus plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the Free Spins Bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. Intellectual Property All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of IGT in the U.S. and/or other countries. © 2014 IGT. All rights reserved. Last modification date: 12/27/2021