Stinkin' Rich Skunks Gone Wild Stinkin' Rich Skunks Gone Wild Stinkin Rich Skunks Gone Wild is the Stinkin’ Rich you know and love, now with random wilds, a top award, and an upgraded Trash for Cash Bonus! In the Trash for Cash Bonus, look under trash can lids to find prize boosts or move up the meter. Enjoy 3 free spins for each Keys to Riches Symbol that trigger the Keys to Riches Bonus. One person’s trash is another person’s treasure! How to Bet Stinkin' Rich Skunks Gone Wild features 100 paylines. Bet Settings Menu Press the cog or TOTAL BET to open the Bet Settings menu. Coins Displays the current number of coins being played. Betting is fixed at 100 paylines. Coin Value Displays the current coin value shown in currency. Total Bet Displays the current total bet shown in currency. Change by selecting the desired total bet. On desktop devices, optionally press the minus button (–) to decrease the total bet or press the plus button (+) to increase the total bet. Press OK to confirm and close the Bet Settings menu. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current coin value. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins and where available, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN, and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Winning the Top Award Wilds appearing in all symbol positions on reels 2, 3, and 4 in the base game or Keys to Riches Bonus awards the top award. Top award is paid in addition to line wins. Top award is not multiplied by any value. Increasing the coin value increases the top award value. Random Wilds Feature The Random Wilds feature may be triggered during any base game spin that does not award the Trash for Cash Bonus or the Keys to Riches Bonus. The Random Wilds feature may also be triggered during any Keys to Riches Bonus spin that does not award the Trash for Cash Bonus or extra free spins. If the Random Wilds feature is triggered, up to 15 symbol positions transform into Wilds. Symbol positions containing Wilds will not transform. Only symbol positions on reels 2, 3, and 4 may transform. Wins are evaluated after all symbol transformations are complete. Trash for Cash Bonus The Trash for Cash Bonus is triggered when 3 Trash for Cash Scatter Symbols appear in any position on reels 3, 4, and 5. Trash for Cash Scatter Symbols are only found on reels 3, 4, and 5. During the Trash for Cash Bonus, select trash can lids to win from 1 or both meters. Each selected trash can lid may award a Stinkin’ or Rich Up Arrow, an Up Arrow for both meters, a Boost to the Stinkin’ or Rich meter, a Boost to both meters, a Stinkin’ or Rich Collect, or a Collect for both meters. Stinkin’ Collect, Rich Collect, and Collect for both meters are not available on the first selection. Some awards may not be available for each Trash for Cash Bonus. More than 1 trash can lid may contain the same award. The Stinkin’ meter and Rich meter start at level 1. If a Stinkin’ or Rich Up Arrow is revealed, advance up to the next highest level on the Stinkin’ meter or the Rich meter, respectively. If an Up Arrow for both meters is revealed, advance up to the next highest level on both meters. If a Boost to the Stinkin’ or Rich meter is revealed, each level in the Stinkin’ or Rich meter is increased by its starting value, respectively. If a Boost to both meters is revealed, each level in both meters is increased by its starting value. Each meter may increase up to 4 times. Continue selecting trash can lids until a Stinkin’ Collect, Rich Collect, or Collect for both meters is revealed. The Trash for Cash Bonus ends and the prize value for the highest level achieved in the Stinkin’ meter, Rich meter, or both meters is awarded after the Stinkin’ Collect, Rich Collect, or Collect for both meters, respectively, is revealed. The Trash for Cash Bonus cannot be retriggered. Keys to Riches Bonus The Keys to Riches Bonus is triggered when 3 or more Keys to Riches Scatter Symbols appear anywhere on reels 1, 2, and 3. These symbols are only found on reels 1, 2, and 3. Triggering the Keys to Riches Bonus awards 3 free spins for each Keys to Riches Scatter Symbol. The Keys to Riches Bonus is retriggered when 3 or more Keys to Riches Scatter Symbols appear anywhere on the reels 1, 2, and 3. These symbols are only found on reels 1, 2, and 3. The bonus can be retriggered multiple times, up to a maximum of 999 free spins per bonus. Reels used in the Keys to Riches Bonus are different from the reels used in the base game. Free spins are played at same coin value as the triggering spin. Options All Sound Toggle game sounds on or off. Sound Effects Toggle sound effects on or off. Music Toggle music on or off. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far-left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the coin value on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Wild Symbol appears on reels 2, 3, and 4 in the base game and Keys to Riches Bonus. Wild Symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols except Keys to Riches Scatter Symbol and Trash for Cash Scatter Symbol in the base game and the Keys to Riches Bonus. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there may be an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. Last modification date: 5/14/2024