Super Times Pay Triple Play Video Poker 7 Video Poker Paytables in 1 Game Super Times Pay Triple Play Video Poker provides a rich selection of the most popular video poker paytables: Jacks or Better The most well-known version of Video Poker. Wins start with a pair of Jacks. Bonus Poker Higher 4-of-a-Kind pays for low-cards and aces. Bonus Poker Deluxe Simplest of the higher volatility games with higher wins on all 4-of-a-Kind hands. Double Bonus Poker Three groups of even bigger 4-of-a-Kind wins. Double Double Bonus Poker Additional 4-of-a-Kind win groups with kickers make this a popular high-volatility choice. Deuces Wild Poker All 2s are wild, offering loads of action in this wildly popular game. Joker Poker A wild Joker added to the deck opens up new ways to win. Play Multiple Hands Super Times Pay Triple Play Video Poker offers three hands of Video Poker action with each play. Press DEAL to start the game. Hold any or all of the five face-up cards in the bottom hand by pressing them or using the keyboard shortcuts 1, 2, 3, 4, and/or 5. Held cards appear face-up in all three hands. Press DRAW to receive replacement cards in all active hands. Replacement cards are dealt from one separate deck for each hand, excluding the five initially dealt cards. Winning hands are paid according to the paytable. Win amounts are paid based on the ending hand. Super Times Pay Multiplier Feature The Super Times Pay Multiplier is always active. The Super Times Pay Multiplier may appear randomly on the initial deal an average of 1 in 15 games. The Super Times Pay Multiplier awards an average multiplier of 4.05, and multiplies the award from all winning hands by 2x to 10x. The multiplier is reset after every draw. How to Play In Video Poker, the goal is to build the best hand possible relative to the paytable. Paytable Selection: Press the desired video poker paytable button on the paytable selection screen. Press MORE GAMES within a game to return to paytable selection screen. Betting: Press BET UP or BET DOWN to select the preferred stake. Ways to DEAL: Press DEAL button. Press SPACE bar (enable in Options). Ways to HOLD/UNHOLD: Press one card at a time. Press and drag across cards. Press keys 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 (enable in Options). Ways to DRAW: Press DRAW button. Press SPACE bar (enable in Options). Video Poker Outcome Types Hand Description Example Royal Flush 10, J, Q, K, A of one suit 10♠–J♠–Q♠–K♠–A♠ Straight Flush 5 cards of consecutive ranks in one suit A♣–2♣–3♣–4♣–5♣ 5 of a Kind 5 cards of one rank Wild–8♣–8♦–8♥–8♠ 4 of a Kind 4 cards of one rank 9♣–9♦–9♠–9♥–3♣ Full House 3 cards of one rank, 2 cards of another rank A♥–A♣–A♠–8♦–8♥ Flush 5 cards of one suit 8♥–9♥–2♥–J♥–A♥ Straight 5 cards of consecutive ranks 3♥–4♥–5♠–6♦–7♦ 3 of a Kind 3 cards of one rank 6♠–6♦–6♣–A♦–J♣ 2 Pair 2 cards of one rank, 2 cards of another rank 9♦–9♥–7♥–7♠–4♦ Jacks or Better 2 cards of one rank (J, Q, K, or A) J♦–J♣–9♥–8♣–2♠ Notes: Card order does not matter. Ace can be treated as lowest rank to complete a straight (e.g. A-2-3-4-5). Ace can be treated as highest rank to complete a straight (e.g. 10-J-Q-K-A). 5-of-a-Kind requires at least 1 Wild card in the hand. Only highest paying outcome paid per hand. Different paytables can have different minimum rankings for which prizes are paid (e.g. the lowest winning outcome in Deuces Wild Poker is 3-of-a-Kind). Wild Cards In Deuces Wild Poker , each of the 4 cards with the rank of '2' is wild. In Joker Poker , the single Joker card added to each deck in each game is wild. A given wild card can substitute for any other card to form the highest paying outcome. In Deuces Wild Poker , the wild can be evaluated as a regular '2' if that maximizes the outcome (e.g. for the hand A♣-2♥-3♣-4♣-5♣, the wild card is evaluated as a 2♣ in order to form a straight flush – the highest outcome possible for that hand). Certain paytables pay a different award amount for a Royal Flush based on whether or not the hand contains any wild cards – see paytable for details. Dealt wild cards are not automatically held. A given wild card in the deck is equally as likely to be dealt as any other remaining card. See Pays / Options Press HELP/SEE PAYS on the bottom of game screen to access: Options Award pay information Game play information PAYTABLE The paytable indicates the award value for each winning outcome. The award values are shown in currency and for each available bet amount. When initially loaded, the paytable page highlights the awards associated with the current bet amount. To see awards for other bet sizes, press the BET UP button or the BET DOWN button. Changing the example bet size in the paytable screen does not change the active wager. OPTIONS Speed Select speed of deal and draw animations. Only available in approved jurisdictions. Keyboard Functionality Enable or disable use of the SPACE bar to deal and draw cards. Press keys 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 to HOLD/UNHOLD. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. Cards are dealt from one deck of 52 standard playing cards per hand, shuffled for each game. For Joker Poker only, cards are dealt from one deck of 52 standard playing cards, plus one Joker. Only highest winner paid. Wins from two or more hands are added to the total amount paid. If a natural Royal Flush (no wild cards) is dealt on the initial deal, all cards are automatically held, and the Royal Flush is paid for all hands. If any other winning hand is dealt on the initial deal, no cards are automatically held. Wins are shown in currency and are based on the size of the bet. RTP: 96.67% Last modification date: 11/11/2025