Sphinx Do the mystical hieroglyphics spell big wins? In Sphinx , the answer is yes! Dig deep in the tombs of the pharaohs and reveal hidden treasures thought to be lost in time! Progress through the Sphinx Bonus and discover ancient sarcophagi that might reveal the ever-silent Sphinx, who opens the Sphinx Chamber for massive wins! How to Bet Sphinx features 9 paylines. RTP: 97.01% Bet Configuration Menu (mobile/tablet/mini games) Press the arrow to open the bet configuration menu. Press the check mark to confirm and close the bet configuration menu. Lines Displays the current number of paylines. Betting is fixed at 9 paylines. Coin Value Displays the current coin value shown in currency. Press the minus button (–) to decrease the coin value. Press the plus button (+) to increase the coin value. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current coin value and number of paylines. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Auto Spin feature is not available in mini format. Sphinx Bonus The Sphinx Bonus is triggered when three or more Bonus scatter symbols appear anywhere on an active payline. The Sphinx Bonus awards one pick in the Egyptian Burial Chamber for each active payline that contains 3 or more bonus symbols, up to a maximum of 5 picks per bonus. The Egyptian Burial Chamber opens to reveal five sarcophagi, each uniquely containing one of the following mystery awards - 5, 20, 100, or 250 times the coin value of the triggering spin, or a Sphinx statue. Revealing the Sphinx statue opens the Sphinx Chamber. Choose one of five Sphinx statues to be awarded 100, 200, 250, 1000, or 2500 times the coin value of the triggering spin. Bonus wins are added to payline wins. The player's choice does not affect the outcome. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the coin value on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Scatter wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Only the highest scatter win is paid. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except the Bonus symbol. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately. Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent, except in cases where one spin unlocks a feature for a subsequent spin or series of spins, per the game rules. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. Intellectual Property © 2020 IGT. All rights reserved. All other trademarks used herein are owned by IGT or its affiliates, may not be used without permission, and where indicated with a ®, are registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. Bet Range Min Bet : €0.09 Max Bet : €270 Last modification date: 11/20/2020