Simsalaspinn 2 Grab your spell-book and brew up your favourite potion to summon some big wins in Simsalaspinn 2 ! The Wizard returns, conjuring big wins with Wilds that double the win. The Wizard Wilds feature awards scattered Wild symbols on the reels – up to 15 on each spin – and triggers on every spin in the Free Spins Bonus . It’s a spellbinding good time with Simsalaspinn 2 ! How to Bet Simsalaspinn 2 features 30 paylines. Bet Configuration Menu (mobile/tablet) Press the cog or TOTAL BET to open the bet configuration menu. Coins Displays the current number of coins being played. Betting is fixed at 30 paylines. Coin Value Displays the current coin value shown in currency. To change the bet: Select the desired total bet. On desktop devices, optionally press the minus button (–) to decrease the total bet or press the plus button (+) to increase the total bet. Press OK to confirm and close the bet configuration menu. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current total bet. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Wizard Wilds Feature During any base game spin, Wild symbols may appear on 3 to 15 positions on the reels. Wins are evaluated after any Wild symbols appear. Wild symbols may replace all symbols except for Dragon symbols. Wild symbols included in a winning combination double the win. Free Spins Bonus The Free Spins Bonus is triggered when three or more Dragon scatter symbols appear anywhere on the reels. Number of Dragon Symbols Free Spins Awarded 5 75 4 20 3 10 The Wizard Wilds feature is triggered on every free spin. The Free Spins Bonus cannot be retriggered. Reels used in the Free Spins Bonus are different from the reels used in the base game. Free spins are played at same total bet as the triggering spin. Options Sound On Toggle game sounds on or off. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far-left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the coin value on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. The Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except the Dragon scatter symbol. Wild symbols included in a winning combination double the win. The Wild symbol does not appear on the reels in the base game or in the Free Spins Bonus . However, when the Wizard Wilds feature triggers, Wilds can appear on every reel. Randomly, Wizard's book and wand may glow at different speed and intensity. The speed and intensity do not indicate a greater chance of triggering Wild symbols. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there may be an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent, except in cases where one spin unlocks a feature for a subsequent spin or series of spins, per the game rules. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given spin of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next spin are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of spins by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. Last modification date: 3/19/2024