Skadi's Hunt Sound the horn and join the hunt for riches in Skadi’s Hunt ! Trigger the Free Spins Bonus and choose the thrill level of the hunt that suits your play style by selecting the number of free spins and corresponding multiplier value. With 243 ways to win, it’s a roaring good time with Skadi’s Hunt ! How to Bet Skadi's Hunt offers 243 ways to win. Bet Settings Menu Press the cog or TOTAL BET to open the bet settings menu. MULTIWAY - 243 WAYS Displays the current number of ways being played. Betting is fixed at 243 ways. Coin Value Displays the current coin value shown in currency. To change the bet: Select the desired total bet. On desktop devices, optionally press the minus button (–) to decrease the coin value, or press the plus button (+) to increase the coin value. Press OK to confirm and close the bet settings menu. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at 243 ways and the current total bet. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins, and where available, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. MultiWay Feature With the MultiWay feature, there are 243 ways to win on every spin. MultiWay wins pay for matching symbols in any position in adjacent columns, starting from the leftmost column. More than 1 matching symbol in the same column multiplies the award. The Wild Symbol substitutes for all symbols except for the Wolf Scatter Symbol. Only the highest paying MultiWay win for each symbol is paid per spin. Example of a MultiWay payout: The following diagram shows a sample reel outcome using the Arrow Symbol. Because there is at least 1 Arrow or Wild Symbol in each of the first four columns, the player has won the 4 Arrow MultiWay win which pays 24 coins per way. Payout example: 1 x 2 x 3 x 1 Arrows = 6 winning ways: Column 1 Column 2 Column 3 Column 4 Column 5 Arrows Wild Wild Wild Wild Wild Arrows 1 Arrow 2 Arrows 3 Arrows 1 Arrow To determine the payout for this combination: Count the number of Arrow and Wild Symbols in each column. Calculate the total number of winning ways (1 x 2 x 3 x 1 = 6). Multiply the number of ways by the 4 Arrow Symbol win (6 x 24 = 144). The win is 144 coins. The actual amount won in currency is based on the coin value. Free Spins Bonus The Free Spins Bonus is triggered when 3 or more Wolf Scatter Symbols appear on consecutive reels starting from the leftmost. The number of Wolf Scatter Symbols determines the free spins pick options. Select the number of free spins and corresponding multiplier from the following options to start the bonus: Number of Wolf Scatter Symbols Free Spins Awarded 3 30 free spins with a 1x multiplier 15 free spins with a 2x multiplier 10 free spins with a 3x multiplier 7 free spins with a 5x multiplier 4 40 free spins with a 1x multiplier 20 free spins with a 2x multiplier 15 free spins with a 3x multiplier 9 free spins with a 5x multiplier 5 60 free spins with a 1x multiplier 30 free spins with a 2x multiplier 20 free spins with a 3x multiplier 14 free spins with a 5x multiplier The reels in the Free Spins Bonus are richer than the base game reels. The Free Spins Bonus is retriggered when 3 or more Wolf Scatter Symbols appear on consecutive reels starting from the leftmost. Retriggering the Free Spins Bonus awards 1 additional pick from the award table based on the number of retriggering Wolf Scatter Symbols. The bonus can be retriggered multiple times. If the number of free spins awarded is greater than 440, all previously awarded but non played picks will be discarded and if the trigger combination appears again, only the bonus scatter win is awarded and no additional picks are awarded. Reels used in the Free Spins Bonus are different from the reels used in the base game. Free spins are played at same coin value as the triggering spin. Options All Sound Toggle game sounds on or off. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. MultiWay wins pay for the same symbol in any position in adjacent columns. Same symbol in same column multiplies win. MultiWay wins pay left to right. Only the highest paying MultiWay win for each symbol is paid per spin. Coinciding MultiWay wins from different symbols are added. MultiWay wins are multiplied by the coin value. Wild Symbol appears on reels 2, 3, and 4 in the base game and the Free Spins Bonus . Wild Symbol substitutes for all symbols except Wolf Scatter Symbol in the base game and the Free Spins Bonus . Only the highest scatter win is paid. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Scatter wins are independent from MultiWay wins and are also added to the total amount paid. Bonus wins are independent from MultiWay wins and are added to the total amount paid. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there may be an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. The total theoretical return for the player is 96.14% Last modification date: 5/17/2022