Silent Movie Visit the good-old days of early cinema in Silent Movie , which features four Free Spins Bonuses , each based on classic screen gems: Dr. Jekyll & Mr. Hyde 's potion guarantees win spins. It's off to the stars as A Trip To The Moon adds a new Wild symbol. Be captivated as the chaotic courtship of A Muddy Romance adds extra scatter wins. Roll in the aisles with laughter as the Keystone Kops arrive late to double the bonus multiplier. Not only are there a huge number of bonus opportunities to explore, every bonus can be retriggered multiple times. Play Silent Movie and enjoy the Gilded Age of timeless cinema! How To Bet Auto Spin Feature Free Spins Bonuses Feature Dr. Jekyll & Mr. Hyde Win Spins Bonus A Trip to the Moon Wild Bonus A Muddy Romance Super Scatter Bonus Keystone Kops Multiplier Boost Bonus Options Rules Additional Information How To Bet Silent Movie features 30 paylines. LINES Displays the current number of paylines being played. Betting is fixed at 30 paylines which costs 30 coins. LINE BET Displays the current bet per line shown in currency. Press the left arrow (–) to decrease the bet per line. Press the right arrow (+) to increase the bet per line. SPIN Press to submit the bet and spin the reels. [ top ] Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current line bet and number of paylines selected. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until the STOP button is pressed, a bonus is triggered, or until the balance is insufficient to spin again. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. [ top ] Free Spins Bonuses Feature The Free Spins Bonuses are triggered by getting two Bonus scatter symbols anywhere on the second and third reels and the appropriate Feature Film Bonus symbol ( Dr. Jekyll & Mr. Hyde Bonus symbol, Trip to the Moon Bonus symbol, Muddy Romance Bonus symbol or Keystone Kops Bonus symbol) anywhere on the fourth reel. When a bonus is triggered, go to the theatre lobby to pick one of the three ticket booths: Bonus Award Type Award Values Dr. Jekyll & Mr. Hyde # of Win Spins 3 to 6 A Trip to the Moon # of Free Spins 10,11,12,14 or 15 A Muddy Romance # of Free Spins 6, 8, 10 or 12 Keystone Kops Win Multiplier 2x to 5x From the theatre lobby, enjoy a private screening of the triggered movie’s Free Spin Bonus . Retrigger the bonus by getting three Bonus scatter symbols anywhere on the centre three reels. When the bonus is retriggered, receive the same number of free spins (or in Dr. Jekyll & Mr.Hyde's Bonus , win spins) as received initially. The number of additional free spins or win spins is not affected by any bonus win multiplier. Any one bonus can be retriggered multiple times, up to a maximum of 250 free spins per bonus. Free spins are played at same line bet and same number of paylines as the triggering game. [ top ] Dr. Jekyll & Mr. Hyde Win Spins Bonus Step into the devious mind of Dr. Jekyll who concocts a potion guaranteed to result in win spins, with all wins tripled. From the theatre lobby, choose a ticket booth to reveal the number of win spins you've earned. For each win spin, spin until there is a win. The win spin count only decrements if there is a winning free spin. The total number of free spins is limited to 250. Also, the retriggering of the bonus is counted as a win. All wins are tripled. There is also a special Dr. Jekyll/Mr. Hyde symbol that substitute only for Dr. Jekyll or Mr. Hyde symbols, greatly increasing the chance of getting higher paying Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde wins. [ top ] A Trip to the Moon Wild Bonus Prepare for the wildest of journeys! So wild that a new Wild symbol appears on the reels, greatly increasing the value of the free spins. From the theatre lobby, choose a ticket booth to reveal the number of free spins earned. There are Wild symbols on the second, third, fourth and fifth reels. Extra Wild symbols have been added to most reels. Also, all Moon symbol wins are doubled, emphasizing the importance of this scientific expedition. [ top ] A Muddy Romance Super Scatter Bonus Leading lady Mabel’s romantic life is a scattered mess. All free spins are enhanced with extra scatter wins for getting three or more Mabel or Wild symbols anywhere on the reels. From the theatre lobby, choose a ticket booth to reveal the number of free spins earned. There are extra scatter wins for getting three or more Mabel or Wild symbols anywhere on the reels. It's possible to get up to eight Mabel and Wild symbols on the reels at once for a huge award. These scatter wins are paid in addition to any line wins from Mabel and/or Wild symbols. [ top ] Keystone Kops Multiplier Boost Bonus The Keystone Kops have been called to double the bonus multiplier, but of course, they arrive 5 spins late. From the theatre lobby screen, choose a ticket booth to reveal the bonus multiplier. Start with 10 free spins. After the 5th free spin, the Keystone Kops arrive, doubling the multiplier for the remaining free spins, including any free spins gained from retriggering the bonus. [ top ] Options Graphics Quality Adjust the quality of the graphics for optimal game performance. BEST mode - Graphics look best, but performance may suffer. HIGH mode (default) - Balanced graphics and performance setting. MEDIUM mode - Lower quality graphics but increased performance. LOW mode - Minimal graphics, but smoothest animation performance is achieved even on slower computers. [ top ] Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the line bet on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Only highest scatter win is paid per symbol on any A Muddy Romance free spin. Coinciding scatter wins of different symbols are added. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Scatter wins are independent from line wins and are also added to the total amount paid. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the Free Spins Bonus , plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in a bonus, that bonus may end early before all free spins or win spins have been completed. [ top ] Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. Intellectual Property All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of IGT in the U.S. and/or other countries. © 2016 IGT. All rights reserved. Last modification date: 12/27/2021