Stinkin Rich One person's trash is another person's treasure! It's time to find yours with Stinkin' Rich ! Stinkin' Rich is a 5x5x3x5x5 reel game with 100 paylines. Reveal an award with a multiplier in the Trash for Cash Bonus , or enjoy 5 free spins per triggering payline in the Keys to Riches Bonus . How to Bet Stinkin' Rich features 100 paylines. Bet Settings Menu Press the cog or TOTAL BET to open the bet settings menu. Coins Displays the current number of coins being played. Betting is fixed at 100 paylines. Coin Value Displays the current coin value shown in currency. To change the bet: Select the desired total bet. On desktop devices, optionally press the minus button (–) to decrease the total bet, or press the plus button (+) to increase the total bet. Press OK to confirm and close the bet settings menu. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current coin value and number of paylines selected. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins and where available, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Trash for Cash Bonus 3 Trash for Cash Scatter Symbols on the last 3 reels, in any position, trigger the Trash for Cash Bonus . The Trash for Cash Scatter Symbols are only found on reels 3, 4, and 5. During the Trash for Cash Bonus , the 3 triggering symbols change to picker tiles. Select 1 of the tiles to reveal a multiplier value of 2x, 3x, 4x, or 5x. The remaining 2 tiles will reveal currency values, which are added together and then multiplied by the selected multiplier. The total is the amount awarded for the Trash for Cash Bonus . The Trash for Cash Bonus cannot be retriggered. Keys to Riches Bonus The Keys to Riches Bonus is triggered when 3 Keys to Riches Symbols appear on consecutive reels on a payline. These symbols are only found on reels 1, 2, and 3. Triggering the Keys to Riches Bonus awards 5 free spins for each payline that triggered the bonus. The Keys to Riches Bonus is retriggered when 3 Keys to Riches Symbols appear on consecutive reels on a payline. These symbols are only found on reels 1, 2, and 3. Retriggering the Keys to Riches Bonus awards 5 free spins for each payline that retriggered the bonus. The bonus can be retriggered multiple times, up to a maximum of 325 free spins per bonus. Reels used in the Keys to Riches Bonus are different from the reels used in the base game. Free spins are played at same coin value and same number of paylines as the triggering spin. Options All Sound Toggle game sounds on or off. Music Toggle music on or off. Sound Effects Toggle sound effects on or off. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far-left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the coin value on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Only the highest scatter win is paid per Scatter Symbol. Coinciding scatter wins from different Scatter Symbols are added. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Scatter wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Wild Symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols except Scatter, Keys to Riches, and Trash for Cash Symbols in the base game and the Keys to Riches Bonus . Wild Symbol appears on reels 2, 3, and 4 only. Keys to Riches Symbol appears on reels 1, 2, and 3 only. Trash for Cash Symbol appears on reels 3, 4, and 5 only. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there may be an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. Last modification date: 6/14/2022