7s Wild Gold Your favorite classic slot game now offers the chance to win a 5 of a Kind progressive bonus pot in 7s Wild Gold . Trigger the Free Spins Bonus with Wild 7s or the Gold Free Spins Bonus with sticky Wild Gold 7s for even bigger win potential! Collect wins left-to-right or right-to-left as the bonus pots grow. Go on a wild slot ride with 7s Wild Gold ! How to Bet 7s Wild Gold features 5 paylines. Bet Settings Menu Press the cog or TOTAL BET to open the Bet Settings menu. Coins Displays the current number of coins being played. Betting is fixed at 5 paylines. Coin Value Displays the current coin value shown in currency. Total Bet Displays the current total bet shown in currency. Change by selecting the desired total bet. On desktop devices, optionally press the minus button (–) to decrease the total bet or press the plus button (+) to increase the total bet. Press OK to confirm and close the Bet Settings menu. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current coin value. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins and where available, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Bonus Pots Feature Each base game symbol has an associated 5 of a Kind bonus pot and a collection meter. Bonus pot values are the associated 5 of a Kind pay plus any contribution at the current bet level. Each time a 5 of a Kind win of any symbol is awarded, the counter for that specific pot increases by 1. When the counter for a bonus pot reaches 5, that pot is awarded in lieu of the 5 of a Kind pay. After a bonus pot is won, that symbol's pot resets to the associated 5 of a Kind prize. Initial bonus pot values include an additional contribution. Bonus pot contributions are not shared across bet levels and do persist across play sessions. Bonus pot values are displayed in currency. Free Spins Bonus and Gold Free Spins Bonus The Free Spins Bonus is triggered when 5 scattered 7 Symbols appear anywhere on the reels. The Gold Free Spins Bonus is triggered when a 4 scattered 7 Symbols appear anywhere on reels 1, 2, 3, and 4, and 1 Gold 7 Symbol appears anywhere on reel 5. Gold 7 Symbol appears on reel 5 only. Triggering the Free Spins Bonus or Gold Free Spins Bonus awards 5 free spins. During the Free Spins Bonus , all 7 Symbols are wild. During the Gold Free Spins Bonus , 7 and Gold 7 Symbols are wild. Gold 7 Symbols lock into place and do not move for the remaining free spins. Gold 7 Symbol appears on reels 2, 3, and 4 only. The bonus cannot be retriggered. Reels used in the bonus are different from the reels used in the base game. Bonus pots are not available during the bonus. Free spins are played at same coin value as the triggering spin. Options All Sound Toggle game sounds on or off. Sound Effects Toggle sound effects on or off. Music Toggle music on or off. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far-left reel or the far-right reel. Line wins pay left to right or right to left, but only the highest paying symbol win on any line is paid per spin. Line wins are multiplied by the coin value on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Wild 7 Symbol appears in the Free Spins Bonus and Gold Free Spins Bonus only. Wild Gold 7 Symbol appears in the Gold Free Spins Bonus only. Wild 7 and Wild Gold 7 Symbols are wild and substitute for all symbols. Bonus pots represent increasing awards where the growth of each is funded by a fixed percentage of each bet placed by the player. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there may be an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. Additional Information Intellectual Property © 2024 IGT. The trademarks and/or service marks used herein are either trademarks or registered trademarks of IGT, its affiliates or its licensors. Last updated 29 Feb 2024 Last modification date: 1/31/2025