Siberian Storm Mega A single spin could change your life! Get 5 MegaJackpots scatter symbols anywhere on the reels to win a life-changing MegaJackpots fortune! The higher your bet, the better your odds of winning the MegaJackpots progressive. Experience the rich adventure of MegaJackpots Siberian Storm with the powerful MultiWay Xtra feature that pays in both directions. Stacked Wilds and scatter wins make this game a payout beast! Stacked Bonus symbols can multiply your initial 8 free spins to be 16 spins, 32 spins, or even higher, and every free spin is another chance at the MegaJackpots progressive. The reels in the Free Spins Bonus are super-rich offering more stacks of wilds, and the chance to re-trigger the bonus multiple times. How To Bet MegaJackpots Siberian Storm offers 720 ways to win for only 50 coins. COIN VALUE Press the left arrow (–) to decrease the coin value. Press the right arrow (+) button to increase the coin value. 720 WAYS Displays the current number of ways being played. Betting is fixed at 720 ways which costs 50 coins. SPIN BUTTON Press to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of games at 720 ways and the current coin value. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN, and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until the STOP button is pressed, a bonus is triggered, or the balance is insufficient to spin again. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Winning the MegaJackpots Progressive Every bet offers a chance to win the MegaJackpots progressive. The higher the bet, the better the odds of winning. Win the Jackpot if 5 MegaJackpots scatter symbols appear anywhere on the reels on any base game spin or on any free spin in the Free Spins Bonus. After every spin that doesn't award the Jackpot, a behind-the-scenes Second Chance drawing occurs that can also award the MegaJackpots progressive. The odds of winning the Jackpot are exactly proportional to the actual bet amount. Therefore, the game is completely fair, offering the same odds per amount bet per currency. For example, a player playing at a 0.20 coin value has twice the chance of winning the Jackpot as a player playing at a 0.10 coin value in the same game and currency. The expected return to player is the same for both players. MultiWay Xtra Feature With the MultiWay Xtra feature, there are 720 ways to win on every spin. MultiWay Xtra wins pay for matching symbols in any position in adjacent columns, starting from the leftmost column or the rightmost column. More than one matching symbol in the same column multiplies the award. The Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except for the Scatter and Bonus symbols. Only the highest paying MultiWay Xtra win for each symbol is paid per spin. To determine the payout for this combination: Count the number of Necklace and Wild symbols in each column. Calculate the total number of winning ways (1 x 2 x 3 x 1 = 6). Multiply the number of ways by the 4 Necklace symbol win (6 x 30 = 180). The pay is 180 coins won. The actual amount won in currency is based on the coin value. Free Spins Bonus The Free Spins Bonus is triggered by getting a Bonus scatter symbol in any position on five consecutive reels. Each winning combination of five Bonus symbols pays a special win and awards 8 free spins. (See paytable for details.) Since there are Stacked Bonus symbols, it is possible to earn up to 96 initial free spins. The reels in the Free Spins Bonus have a richer, more plentiful Stacked Wilds feature than the base game reels. Retrigger the Free Spins Bonus, by getting a Bonus symbol in any position on five consecutive reels. Each winning combination of five Bonus symbols pays a win and awards 8 additional free spins. (See the paytable for details.) The bonus can be retriggered multiple times, up to a maximum of 240 free spins per bonus. Free spins are played at same coin value as the triggering spin. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. MultiWay Xtra wins pay for the same symbol in any position in adjacent columns. Same symbol in same column multiplies win. Multiway Xtra wins pay left to right and right to left. Only the highest paying MultiWay Xtra win for each symbol is paid per spin. Coinciding MultiWay Xtra wins from different symbols are added. MultiWay Xtra wins are multiplied by the coin value. Wild symbol appears on reels 2, 3, and 4 in the base game. Wild symbol appears on reels 2, 3, and 4 in the Free Spins Bonus. Only the highest scatter win is paid. Scatter wins, excluding the MegaJackpots progressive, are multiplied by the total bet. Scatter wins are independent from MultiWay Xtra wins and are also added to the total amount paid. Wins are shown in currency. When a player wins the Jackpot, a notification message appears. Customer service will contact the player within 24 hours with details of your Jackpot payout. The award verification may take up to 72 hours, and the win will not be reflected in your account balance. You may continue to play. It will not affect your Jackpot. The amount paid after verification is approximately the amount seen on the Jackpot meter when the win occurs. Potentially, the awarded Jackpot could be somewhat higher because of display delays. The Jackpot paid may also be higher due to meter smoothing, when some meter growth from peak times may be spread across slower periods. In an exceptionally rare case, the award value could be the Jackpot seed amount if the Jackpot winning outcome occurred just after another player's Jackpot win but before the Jackpot meter was able to reset due to this earlier winner. All applicable taxes and fees in connection with any winnings awarded to the player, and any other payments to the winning player are his/her sole responsibility. Winnings cannot be transferred, substituted, or redeemed for any other consideration. The Casino may deactivate this game at any time. If the Casino decides to continue the game after a Jackpot is won, the Casino is under no obligation to re-seed the Jackpot with the amount of the previous seed or any other amount. In the event that the Casino decides to terminate the game, or the game becomes permanently unavailable due to unforeseeable circumstances, the Casino holds any funds shown in the Jackpot meter. The Casino may increase or decrease the size of the Jackpot award by contributing or removing money at any time. Jackpot represents an increasing top award where the growth is funded by a fixed percentage of each bet placed by all players playing for the jackpot. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction, excluding the MegaJackpots progressive. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the Free Spins Bonus plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. Last modification date: 12/27/2021