Sherlock Holmes - The Hunt for Blackwood Sherlock Holmes - The Hunt for Blackwood The game is afoot! Join Sherlock Holmes and John Watson and make Lord Blackwood pay richly for his crimes. In the base game, Mystery Multipliers magnify wins by up to 10x and the Teamwork feature causes Holmes and Watson symbols to combine for larger wins. The Picker Puzzle can lead to two intriguing bonuses. In The Hunt Bonus , Holmes and Watson are Wild symbols that lock in place when they land on crime scenes. Winnings are doubled if they land on all 5 locations. In The Blackwood Wheel Bonus , collect prizes and elude Blackwood for 10 spins to double your winnings! If you're seeking a great game experience, Sherlock Holmes holds the answer! How to Bet Auto Spin Feature Mystery Multiplier Feature Teamwork Feature Picker Puzzle Blackwood Wheel Bonus The Hunt Bonus Rules Additional Information How to Bet Sherlock Holmes - The Hunt for Blackwood features 30 paylines for 60 coins. 30 Lines + Feature Displays the current number of coins being played. Betting is fixed at 30 paylines which costs 60 coins. Coin Value Displays the current coin value shown in currency. Press the left arrow (–) to decrease the coin value. Press the right arrow (+) to increase the coin value. Spin Button Press to submit the bet and spin the reels. [ top ] Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current coin value. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until the STOP button is pressed, a bonus is triggered, or the balance is insufficient to spin again. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. [ top ] Mystery Multiplier Feature The Mystery Multiplier feature can trigger after any base game spin that does not also trigger a bonus. Multipliers from 2x to 10x multiply the entire win for that spin. Outcomes are paid only after the multiplier is revealed. [ top ] Teamwork Feature The Teamwork feature can trigger after any base game spin, turning all Holmes and Watson symbols to the combined Holmes/Watson symbol. See the paytable for win values. Both the Teamwork feature and Mystery Multiplier feature can be triggered on the same spin. Wins are paid only after the Teamwork Feature triggers. [ top ] Picker Puzzle Three Bonus scatter symbols anywhere on reels 1, 3, and 5 trigger the Picker Puzzle . Begin with 5 picks and select from objects in Sherlock’s room to reveal clues that can lead to cash awards, and to one of two bonuses. Cash – Collect 1 cash clue to win 2x the triggering bet amount, 2 cash clues for 5x the bet, or 3 cash clues for 10x the bet. Cash clues displaying +1 also award an additional pick. The Hunt Bonus - Collect 3 map clues to win 10 free spins in The Hunt Bonus , or 4 to win 15 free spins. Blackwood Wheel Bonus - Collect 3 wheel clues to win the Blackwood Wheel Bonus . Collect 4 wheel clues to earn a richer initial wheel. An awarded bonus begins after all picks are complete. Any cash award earned in the Picker Puzzle carries forward into the bonus. Bonus symbols appear on reels 1, 3, and 5 in base game only. [ top ] Blackwood Wheel Bonus Spin the wheel in the Blackwood Wheel Bonus and collect prizes while attempting to elude Blackwood. The wheel can contain prize values, Blackwood wedges and Sherlock wedges. The wheel changes after the 4th spin and again after the 8th spin to offer higher prizes, Sherlock wedges, and more Blackwood wedges. Sherlock prize values increase when the wheel changes. A bonus earned with 4 wheel clues in the Picker Puzzle has a richer initial wheel which also includes a Sherlock wedge. Begin with 3 active pointers. Any active pointer that lands on a Blackwood wedge is deactivated. If all pointers are disabled the bonus ends. If any active pointer lands on a Sherlock wedge, all pointers are reactivated and the Sherlock prize for that wheel is won. All prizes pointed to by active pointers are won, including any pointers reactivated by Sherlock on that spin. Bonus Doubler If at least one pointer is active at the completion of 10 spins, the total bonus win, including any win from the initiating Picker Puzzle , is doubled and the bonus ends. All wheel values, including Sherlock prizes, are multiplied by coin value. [ top ] The Hunt Bonus Help Holmes and Watson locate the 5 scenes of Blackwood's crimes. Play 10 free spins if 3 map clues were found in the Picker Puzzle , or 15 free spins if 4 map clues were found. Locked Wilds 5 locations are circled on the reel map, marking the scenes of Blackwood’s crimes. If a Holmes or Watson symbol lands on any of these locations, that symbol becomes a Locked Wild and stays locked in that location for the remaining free spins. Bonus Doubler If Holmes and Watson lock on all 5 crime scene locations, the total bonus win at the end of the spins, including any win from the initiating Picker Puzzle , is doubled. Holmes and Watson symbols are Wild and substitute for all other symbols. Reels used in The Hunt Bonus are different from the reels used in the base game. The free spins cannot be retriggered. Free spins are played at the same coin value and same number of lines as the triggering spin. [ top ] Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the coin value. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Bonus scatter symbol appears on reels 1, 3, and 5 only. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the Puzzle Picker plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. [ top ] Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given spin of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next spin are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of spins by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. The theoretical return to player of this game is 93.24% Intellectual Property Sherlock Holmes™ © 2015 Warner Brothers, Inc. All Rights Reserved. All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of IGT in the U.S. and/or other countries. © 2015 IGT. All rights reserved. Last modification date: 1/31/2017