She's a Rich Girl™ Classic slots fun with 2x wilds that double the line wins! Retrigger the bonus again and again to set a new Diamond Run record! How To Bet She's a Rich Girl features 9 paylines. Bet Configuration Menu (mobile/tablet/mini games) Press the arrow to open the bet configuration menu. Press the check mark to confirm and close the bet configuration menu. Lines Displays the current number of paylines selected. Press the minus button (-) to decrease the number of paylines played. Press the plus button (+) to increase the number of paylines played. Line Bet Displays the current bet per line shown in currency. Press the minus button (-) to decrease the bet per line. Press the plus button (+) to increase the bet per line. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current line bet and number of paylines selected. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Auto Spin feature is not available in mini format. Free Spins Bonus The Free Spins Bonus is triggered when three Bonus symbols appear anywhere on the centre reels. These symbols are found on reels 2, 3, and 4 only. Triggering the Free Spins Bonus awards 3 free spins. The reels in the Free Spins Bonus have fewer symbols for more frequent wins. The Free Spins Bonus is retriggered when one or more Diamond Run symbols appear anywhere on the reels. Retriggering the Free Spins Bonus awards one additional free spin. The bonus can be retriggered multiple times, up to a maximum of 100 free spins per bonus. Reels used in the Free Spins Bonus are different from the reels used in base game. Free spins are played at same line bet and same number of paylines as the triggering spin. Diamond Run Feature In the Free Spins Bonus , the Current Run and Record Run meters keep track of the number of free spins. The Current Run meter displays the number of times the reels have spun so far in the current bonus. The Record Run meter displays the longest run achieved by the player across all play sessions. The maximum achievable run is 100 free spins. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the line bet on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Only the highest scatter win is paid. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. If one or more Rich Girl logo symbols substitute in a base game win, the pay for that win is doubled. If one or more Diamond Run symbols substitute in a free spin win, the pay for that win is doubled. Scatter wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Bonus symbols appear in columns 2, 3, and 4 in the base game only. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of any triggered bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent, except in cases where one spin unlocks a feature for a subsequent spin or series of spins, per the game rules. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. Intellectual Property © 2018 IGT. All rights reserved. All other trademarks used herein are owned by IGT or its affiliates, may not be used without permission, and where indicated with a ®, are registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. Last modification date: 12/27/2021