Shamrockers Rock on with the pulse-pounding beats of Shamrockers Eire To Rock and let the luck of the Irish tunes bring you riches! The Dynamic Stacks feature guarantees a rewarding jam session of massive stacks of symbols on every spin. Rush the stage in the Free Spins Bonus and be mesmerized by performances from every member of the band. The Encore feature lets your cries for more be heard with a phenomenal retrigger rate for another set of lucrative free spins. How To Bet Auto Spin Feature Dynamic Stacks Feature Free Spins Bonus Encore Feature Options Rules Additional Information How To Bet Shamrockers Eire To Rock offers 20 paylines for 20 coins. LINE BET Displays the current bet per line shown in currency. Press the left arrow (–) to decrease the bet per line. Press the right arrow (+) to increase the bet per line. LINES Displays current number of paylines. Betting is fixed at 20 paylines for 20 coins. SPIN Press to submit the bet and spin the reels. [ top ] Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of games at the current line bet. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many games to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of games until the STOP button is pressed, a bonus is triggered, or the balance is insufficient to spin again. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. [ top ] Dynamic Stacks Feature Each reel includes large stacks of the same symbols. Before each spin, a symbol is randomly selected to fill every reel’s stacks. In the base game, any symbol, except the Bonus symbol, may appear in the stacks. All stacked symbol positions on all reels transform to the same symbol. The Bonus symbol appears on reels 2, 3, and 4 only. [ top ] Free Spins Bonus The Free Spins Bonus is triggered by getting three Bonus scatter symbols anywhere on the centre three reels and awards 4 free spins with stacks of a different major symbol on every spin. The Free Spins Bonus awards 2x the total bet when it’s triggered. The stacked symbol on each of the four spins is predetermined: Free Spins Bonus Spin 1: Fiddler Free Spins Bonus Spin 2: Drummer Free Spins Bonus Spin 3: Guitarist Free Spins Bonus Spin 4: Singer The bonus has richer reels than the base game. Free spins are played at same line bet as the triggering spin. The Free Spins Bonus ends when no more spins remain, when the award cap is hit, or after 240 spins. [ top ] Encore Feature Retrigger the Free Spins Bonus with the Encore feature. If an Encore symbol appears on the last spin of the bonus, the bonus starts again with 4 free spins and repeats the cycle of stacked major symbols. Encore symbols in the Free Spins Bonus act as Wild symbols on every spin, but only retrigger the Free Spins Bonus when landing on the last spin. The Encore symbol only appears on reel 5 in the Free Spins Bonus . [ top ] Options Graphics Quality Adjust the quality of the graphics to get the optimal animation performance. BEST mode - Highest quality graphics, but performance may suffer. HIGH mode (default) - Balance graphics and performance setting. MEDIUM mode - Lower quality but increased performance. LOW mode - Minimal graphics, but smoothest animation performance is achieved even on slower computers. [ top ] Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the line bet on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Wild symbol appears only on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5 in the base game, and appears only reels 2, 3, and 4 in the free spins. Wins are shown in currency. Regardless of the bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the Free Spins Bonus plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately even if there are remaining free spins. [ top ] Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. Intellectual Property All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of IGT in the U.S. and/or other countries. © 2016 IGT. All rights reserved. [ top ] Last modification date: 12/27/2021