Star Trek Howto play Star Trek ™ Introduction HowTo Bet AutoSpin Feature FreeSpins Bonuses Kirk Win Spins Bonus Spock Goes Wild Bonus Uhura Super Scatter Bonus Scotty Multiplier Boost Bonus Options Rules AdditionalInformation Introduction Immerse yourself in the STAR TREK ™ universe while you travelthrough 30 paylines of thrilling action and four futuristic Free Spinsbonuses, each based on a STAR TREK ™ officer: In KIRK'S Bonus, step into the daring mind of Captain Kirk who doesn'tbelieve in no-win scenarios. Spin until you win and all wins tripled. In SPOCK'S Bonus, prepare to be emotionally compromised. Spock has literallyturned wild. Wild Spock symbols appear on most reels, greatly increasing thevalue of your Free Spins. In UHURA'S Bonus, all communication channels are open. All Free Spins areenhanced with super scatter awards for getting 3 or more Uhura or Wildsymbols anywhere on the reels. In SCOTTY'S Bonus, Scotty's giving it all she's got just for you. Start with10 Free Spins and up to a 5X multiplier. After the 5th Free Spin, Scottydoubles your multiplier for your remaining Free Spins. Not only are there a huge number of bonus opportunities to explore, everybonus is retriggerable multiple times. Play STAR TREK ™ and your winnings may increase at warp speed! HowTo Bet STAR TREK ™ features 30 paylines. You can choose how much to betper line. LINE BET Displays current bet per line shown in currency. Click the left arrow (with aminus sign) to decrease bet per line. Click the right arrow (with a plussign) to increase bet per line. Clicking the left and right arrows does notnecessarily decrease or increase your line bet in a linear fashion. Rather,your line bet decreases or increases at preset increments which represent themost popular bet amounts. LINES Displays current number of paylines selected. Betting is fixed at 30 lines. SPIN Click to spin the reels and submit your bet. AutoSpin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of games at 30lines and the current line bet. Once you have selected your desired line bet,click AUTO SPIN and choose how many games you want to play. Auto Spinwill keep playing the specified number of games until you click the STOP button, you trigger a Bonus, or your balance is insufficient to spin again.Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. FreeSpins Bonuses You can trigger an Officer Bonus with two Bonus symbols anywhere on thesecond and third reels, and then the appropriate Officer Bonus symbol (KirkBonus Symbol, Spock Bonus Symbol, Uhura Bonus Symbol or Scotty Bonus Symbol)anywhere on the fourth reel. This transitions you to the transporter room where you beam-up your Free Spinopportunity. Click one of the three energized transporter pads to obtain yourvalue. BONUS BEAMS UP Kirk's Bonus # of Win Spins Spock's Bonus # of Free Spins Uhura's Bonus # of Free Spins Scotty's Bonus Win Multiplier From the transporter room, you move to your officer's Free Spin round. Youreffective bet per line on each Free Spin is the same as the bet per line onthe reel spin that triggered the bonus. You can retrigger your bonus by getting three Bonus symbols anywhere on themiddle three reels. When you retrigger the bonus, you receive the same numberof Free Spins (or in Kirk's bonus, Win Spins) that you received initially.The number of additional Free Spins or Win Spins is not affected by any bonuswin multiplier. You can earn up to a maximum of 250 Free Spins in any onebonus. KirkWin Spins Bonus From the transporter room, beam up the number of Win Spins you've earned. Foreach Win Spin, spin until you win. In this way, your number of Win Spins onlydecrements if you get a winning Free Spin. Your total number of Free Spins islimited to 250. Also, the retriggering of the bonus is counted as a win. When you get a win, all awards are tripled. Also, there is a specialKirk/Spock symbol that substitutes only for Kirk and Spock symbols. Thisgreatly increases your chance of getting higher paying Kirk and Spock awards. SpockGoes Wild Bonus From the transporter room, beam up the number of Free Spins you've earned.There are Wild Spock symbols on the 2nd, 3rd, 4th and 5th reels. Extra WildSpock symbols have been added to most reels. Also, all Kirk pays are doubled,emphasizing that Kirk is always more valuable when Spock is around. UhuraSuper Scatter Bonus From the transporter room, beam up the number of Free Spins you've earned.There are additional super scatter pays for getting 3 or more Uhura or Wildsymbols anywhere on the reels. You can get up to 8 Uhura and Wild symbols onthe reels at once for a huge award. These scatter awards are paid in additionto any line awards for getting Uhura and Wild symbols. ScottyMultiplier Boost Bonus From the transporter room, beam up your award multiplier. After the firstfive Free Spins, your multiplier doubles in size, greatly increasing thevalue of your remaining Free Spins, including any Free Spins gained fromretriggering the bonus. Options Graphics Quality Adjust the quality of the graphics to get the optimal animation performance. BEST mode - Graphics look best, but performance may suffer. HIGH mode (default) - Optimal graphics and performance setting. MEDIUM mode - Lower quality but increased performance. LOW mode - Degraded graphics, but smoothest animation performance is achieved even on slower computers. Rules Malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels,beginning with the far left reel. All payline wins occur on bet lines only. Only highest winner paid on each payline. Only highest scatter pay awarded on any Uhura Free Spin. Only one award paid per payline. Line wins are multiplied by the line bet on the winning line. Coinciding wins on different paylines are added. Scatter awards areindependent from payline awards and are also added to the total amount paid. Awards are shown in currency. Regardless of your bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction.See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of any bonusplus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in abonus, that bonus may end early before all Free Spins or Win Spins have beencompleted. AdditionalInformation In addition to the features described in the How to Bet section, the ControlsBar on the bottom of the game screen displays the current balance in thechosen currency, the amount paid if a win occurs, and the amount bet on thelast/current proposition. Game is not available in all jurisdictions. © 2011 Paramount PicturesCorporation. TM & © 2011 CBS Studios Inc. STAR TREK and related marks and logos are trademarks of CBS Studios Inc. AllRights Reserved. All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of IGT and/orits licensors in the U.S. and/or other countries. Copyright © 2011 IGT. All rights reserved. Last updated 05 May 2012 The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/5/2020