Smash The Pig Time to break the bank in Smash the Pig ! This is not your average piggy bank – this one is loaded with cash, paying for left-to-right and right-to-left line wins. Trigger the Pick a Pig Bonus and choose a pig to win random multipliers – between 1x and 20x! Or you might win another pick, win all the prizes on the screen, or win the Pig Smashing Bonus. Smash pigs in the Pig Smashing Bonus and keep smashing until the Luck Meter runs out. If you smash all the pigs and have some luck left, you win additional pigs to smash! How To Bet Auto Spin Feature Pick a Pig Bonus Pig Smashing Bonus Rules Additional Information How To Bet Smash The Pig features 20 paylines. LINES Displays the current number of paylines selected. Betting is fixed at 20 paylines. TOTAL BET Displays the current bet value shown in currency. Press to reveal the Bet Menu and choose your bet amount. Press the left arrow (–) to decrease the bet per line. Press the right arrow (+) to increase the bet per line. SPIN Press the circular arrow button to submit the bet and spin the reels. [ top ] Pick a Pig Bonus The Pick a Pig Bonus is triggered when three or more scattered Pig symbols appear anywhere on the reels. Choose a Pig to reveal one of the following awards: Random multiplier between 1x and 20x the total bet Random multiplier between 1x and 15x the total bet, with another chance to pick "WIN ALL!" - Reveals and awards all Pig prizes on screen, that are not revealed yet "BONUS" - Triggers the Pig Smashing Bonus Pig Smashing Bonus Each Bonus scatter symbol contains a random amount of luck. As each symbol lands, the Luck Meter starts to fill. When 3 or more Bonus scatter symbols appear, the bonus is triggered with all the luck accumulated in the Luck Meter on this spin. The objective of the Pig Smashing Bonus is to smash as many pigs as possible before the luck runs out. Each pick costs a random amount of luck and awards a multiplier between 1x and 20x (multiplier of the total bet). There is also a chance that luck may be added during one of the picks. If 5 pigs are smashed and there is still luck remaining, the 2 remaining pigs run away and 7 new pigs appear, along with more luck added to the Luck Meter. Once there is not enough luck in the Luck Meter for smashing the next pig, the leftover luck will be added as multiplier of the total bet and awarded with the last smashed pig. [ top ] Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel or the far right reel. Line wins pay left to right and right to left. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the line bet on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Bonus wins are independent from payline wins and are added to the total amount paid. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately. [ top ] Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent, except in cases where one spin unlocks a feature for a subsequent spin or series of spins, per the game rules. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. Intellectual Property All other trademarks used herein are owned by IGT or its affiliates, may not be used without permission and where indicated with a ®, are registered in the U.S. Parent and Trademark Office. © 2017 IGT. All rights reserved. [ top ]