Sphinx Wild Uncover hidden treasures worthy of the pharaohs in Sphinx Wild ! At the base of the pyramids, the mighty Sphinx stands guard to vast chambers filled with untold riches. Expand your kingly wealth with the Surrounding Wild feature, where Tutankhamun's mask turns itself and all adjacent symbols wild! Make your way to the king's chamber for the Free Spins Bonus and choose your preferred multiplier value and number of free spins! How To Bet Auto Spin Feature Surrounding Wild Feature Free Spins Bonus Rules Additional Information How To Bet Sphinx Wild features 40 paylines. Bet Configuration Menu (mobile/tablet devices only) Press the green arrow to open the bet configuration menu. Press the green check mark to confirm and close the bet configuration menu. LINES Displays the current number of paylines. Betting is fixed at 40 paylines. LINE BET Displays current bet per line shown in currency. Press the left arrow (-) to decrease the line bet. Press the right arrow (+) to increase the line bet. SPIN Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. [ top ] Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current line bet. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press the AUTO SPIN button, and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until the STOP button is pressed, a bonus is triggered, or until the balance is insufficient to spin again. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. [ top ] Surrounding Wild Feature Any Wild symbol on the reels expands and turns all surrounding symbols wild, if that expansion results in a win. When the Surrounding Wild feature is triggered, the resulting added Wild symbols may occasionally cover a Bonus scatter symbol. In this event, any scatter pay or bonus trigger is still awarded, in addition to any benefits offered by the Wild symbol. [ top ] Free Spins Bonus The Free Spins Bonus is triggered by three or more Bonus scatter symbols appearing anywhere on the reels. The player is presented with four options of free spins and multipliers. The available options depend on how many Bonus symbols were present on the reels when the bonus was triggered. 3 Bonus Symbols 4 Bonus Symbols 5 Bonus Symbols 30 Free Spins with 1x multiplier 40 Free Spins with 1x multiplier 60 Free Spins with 1x multiplier 15 Free Spins with 2x multiplier 20 Free Spins with 2x multiplier 30 Free Spins with 2x multiplier 10 Free Spins with 3x multiplier 15 Free Spins with 3x multiplier 20 Free Spins with 3x multiplier 7 Free Spins with 5x multiplier 9 Free Spins with 5x multiplier 14 Free Spins with 5x multiplier The Free Spins Bonus is retriggered when three or more Bonus scatter symbols appear anywhere on the reels. Retriggering the Free Spins Bonus re-opens the picker after the spins-in-progress are complete. The bonus can be retriggered multiple times, up to a maximum of 600 free spins per bonus. If the number of free spins awarded is greater than 540 and the trigger combination reappears, only the scatter win is paid and additional spins are not awarded. Free spins are played at the same line bet and same number of paylines as the triggering spin. [ top ] Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the line bet on the winning line. Coinciding wins on different paylines are added. Only the highest scatter win is paid per scatter symbol. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Scatter and Bonus wins are independent from payline wins and are also added to the total amount paid. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the Free Spins Bonus , plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in a bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. [ top ] Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent, except in cases where one spin unlocks a feature for a subsequent spin or series of spins, per the game rules. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. Intellectual Property © 2017 IGT. All rights reserved. All other trademarks used herein are owned by IGT or its affiliates, may not be used without permission, and where indicated with a ®, are registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. [ top ] Last modification date: 5/16/2018