Three Card Stud Grab a seat at the table and ante-up! Three Card Poker deals hot hands for cool wins. This modern take on classic three-card poker offers single-deck, 52-card gameplay on each hand and three different ways to play: bet against the dealer with Ante and Play bets, make a Pair Plus Bet on the value of your hand, or do both at the same time! Test your poker face and win big in Three Card Poker. How To Bet Press CHIPS in the lower-right corner to select a chip value. Place the chip(s) in the desired betting area on the Ante and/or Pair Plus bet spot. To remove the last placed bet from the table, press UNDO . To remove all placed bet from a betting area, press CLEAR . When all bets are placed, press DEAL to start the game. Three cards are then dealt to both the PLAYER and the DEALER . Press REBET AND DEAL to repeat the bet from the previous round and deal. The following options are available during the game: DEAL - Begin a game. Place the minimum bet in order to play and deal. REBET AND DEAL - Place the previous bet and deal. DOUBLE BET AND DEAL - Double the previous bet and deal. NEW BET - Clear the table and start a new game. FOLD - Forfeit Ante bet. PLAY - Place a wager (equal to the Ante) on the Play bet. CLEAR - Remove all bets from the table. UNDO - Remove the last-placed bet from the table. How To Play Ante and Play Three cards are dealt to player, who has placed an Ante bet, and three cards to the dealer. After viewing the cards, choose one of two options: PLAY - Place an additional raise bet equal to the Ante bet. FOLD - Forfeit the Ante bet. Following this choice, the dealer's hand is revealed and hand values are evaluated. If the dealer does not have Queen high or better , the Ante bet is paid even money and the Play bet is returned. If the dealer has a Queen high or better and the player's hand is higher than the dealer's hand, the Ante bet and Play bet are paid even money. If the dealer has a Queen high or better and the player's hand is equal to the dealer's hand, the player's Ante and Play bets are returned. If the dealer has a Queen high or better and the player's hand is lower than the dealer's hand, the Ante and Play bet are lost. An additional bonus is paid on the Ante bet, irrespective of dealer's hand or outcome of the hand, if the player holds a strong hand. Outcome Pays Straight flush (e.g. 7d-8d-9d) 5 to 1 Three of a kind (e.g. 3d-3h-3s) 4 to 1 Straight (e.g. 9c-10d-Jh) 1 to 1 Pair Plus The result of a Pair Plus bet is determined on the three cards dealt to the player, regardless of the dealer’s cards. The Pair Plus bet is lost if the player does not hold a pair or better. Winning hands are paid as follows: Outcome Pays Straight flush (e.g. 7d-8d-9d) 40 to 1 Three of a kind (e.g. 3d-3h-3s) 30 to 1 Straight (e.g. 9c-10d-Jh) 6 to 1 Flush (e.g. 2h-6h-10h) 3 to 1 Pair (e.g. 6s-6d, Kc-Kh) 1 to 1 A winning Pair Plus hand is paid out even if the player folds. This situation rarely occurs - with any such hand the correct strategy is to place a Play bet. Options The OPTIONS tab allows the player to switch off and on the sound effects, as well as change the game speed and Felt colour. Sound ON - Sound in the game turns on. OFF - Sound in the game turns off. Ambient Sound ON - Ambient Sound in the game turns on. OFF - Ambient Sound in the game turns off. Speed SLOW - Slow speed plays all animations. NORMAL - Normal speed plays all animations. FAST - Fast speed skips certain animations. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. Cards are dealt from one deck of 52 standard playing cards per hand, shuffled for each game. Only the highest winner is paid per hand. Card examples use the following abbreviations: c = Clubs, d = Diamonds, h = Hearts, s = Spades Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, all cards come from a fair deck that has been randomly shuffled. Thus every card remaining in a given deck is equally likely to be the next card dealt. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. The expected payback value is also based upon correct player choices for any game that involves main game and/or bonus game play strategy. The theoretical return to player (RTP) is 92.72% Last modification date: 6/29/2021