tokidoki – Lucky Town tokidoki – Lucky Town takes over the reels with a unique universe of characters and a frenzy of reel action. The Stacked Wilds feature heightens the thrill, and 2x Wilds double the excitement. The Reel Reveal feature shifts new reels onto the window for up to 5 extra spins, adding more features and more tokidoki family members on each spin. Caramella sweetens the reels with random Wilds. Truffle reveals a random win multiplier. Pogo expands Wilds across the reels. Moofia Milk Cartons award cash picks. Wild character symbols upgrade all matching character symbols into Wild symbols. Trigger multiple features on a spin and experience a crazy frenzy of wins! How To Bet tokidoki – Lucky Town features 40 paylines for 60 coins. 40 LINES + FEATURE Displays the current number of coins being played. Betting is fixed at 40 paylines which costs 60 coins. COIN VALUE Displays the current coin value shown in currency. Press the left arrow (–) to decrease the coin value. Press the right arrow (+) to increase the coin value. SPIN Press to submit the bet and spin the reels. [ top ] Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of games at the current coin value. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many games to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of games until the STOP button is pressed or the balance is insufficient to spin again. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. [ top ] Stacked Wilds Feature With the Stacked Wilds feature, reel 4 of the base game is loaded with a group of 4 consecutive Wild symbols. During the Reel Reveal feature, this reel shifts one reel to the left on each Reel Reveal spin. [ top ] Reel Reveal Feature The Reel Reveal feature is triggered by getting one Arrow scatter symbol anywhere on reel 5 in the base game. Triggering the Reel Reveal feature shifts the reels left one reel, introduces a new reel (Revealed Reel #1 - #5 in succession) with an additional feature on the fifth reel, and awards a Reel Reveal spin. Retrigger the Reel Reveal feature by getting one Arrow scatter symbol anywhere on the reels. The chances of retriggering the Reel Reveal feature increase during Reel Reveal spins. Each Reel Reveal feature trigger shifts the reels to the left one reel. The Reel Reveal feature can be retriggered multiple times, up to a maximum of 5 extra spins. The Revealed Reels #1, #2, #3, #4, and #5 features trigger if they appear anywhere on the reels and only appear on their corresponding Revealed Reel. If any feature occurs over a triggering symbol, the original symbol feature is still awarded. All wins paid on the final reel state of a Reel Reveal spin only. [ top ] Revealed Reel #1 - Random Wild Feature The Random Wild feature is triggered by getting one Caramella scatter symbol anywhere on Revealed Reel #1. The Caramella symbol is only found on Revealed Reel #1. Each Caramella symbol sprinkles 1 to 3 Wild symbols on the reels. Random Wild symbols do not replace the Arrow scatter symbol or the 2x Wild symbol. If the random pattern of Wild symbols occurs over an Arrow scatter symbol and a 2x Wild symbol, Caramella will not sprinkle any Wild symbols. The Random Wild feature is guaranteed on the first Reel Reveal spin awarded from the Reel Reveal feature. [ top ] Revealed Reel #2 - Random Multiplier Feature The Random Multiplier feature is triggered by getting one Truffle scatter symbol anywhere on Revealed Reel #2. The Truffle symbol is only found on Revealed Reel #2. Truffle awards a multiplier from 2x to 15x that multiplies all wins on the current Reel Reveal spin. If the current Reel Reveal spin does not result in a win, the multiplier is not displayed. Wins are multiplied only after all features resolve. [ top ] Revealed Reel #3 - Expanding Wild Feature The Expanding Wild feature is triggered by getting one Pogo scatter symbol anywhere on Revealed Reel #3. The Pogo symbol is only found on Revealed Reel #3. Pogo turns its two left adjacent reel positions Wild. [ top ] Revealed Reel #4 - Moofia Blind Box Picker The Moofia Blind Box Picker is triggered by getting 2 or 3 stacked Milk Carton symbols anywhere on Revealed Reel #4. The Milk Carton symbol is only found on Revealed Reel #4. Select one of the triggering Milk Carton symbols to reveal a bonus win from 1x to 10x the total bet. [ top ] Revealed Reel #5 - Symbol Upgrade Feature The Symbol Upgrade feature is triggered by getting a Character Wild scatter symbol anywhere on Revealed Reel #5. The Character Wild symbols are only found on Revealed Reel #5. When a Character Wild symbol appears on the reel, all matching character symbols upgrade to become Wild on reels 1 through 4 for that Reel Reveal spin. Wild Stellina symbol turns all Stellina symbols Wild on reels 1 through 4. Wild Mozzarella symbol turns all Mozzarella symbols Wild on reels 1 through 4. Wild SANDy symbol turns all SANDy symbols Wild on reels 1 through 4. Wild Donutella symbol turns all Donutella symbols Wild on reels 1 through 4. [ top ] Options Graphics Quality Adjust the quality of the graphics to get the optimal animation performance. BEST mode - Highest quality graphics, but performance may suffer. HIGH mode (default) - Balance graphics and performance setting. MEDIUM mode - Lower quality but increased performance. LOW mode - Minimal graphics, but smoothest animation performance is achieved even on slower computers. [ top ] Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the coin value on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Wins from the Moofia Blind Box Picker are paid in addition to line wins. When one 2x Wild symbol substitutes in a line win, that win is doubled. 2x Wild symbol only appears on reel 3 of the base game and shifts one reel to the left with each Reel Reveal spin. All symbols transformed as a result of a feature during a Reel Reveal spin return to the original symbol after that spin. There can be a maximum of 5 Reel Reveal spins during the Reel Reveal feature, because the base game reel containing Arrow symbols will eventually shift out of the reel window. Wins are paid on the final reel state only on each Reel Reveal spin. Wild symbol only appears on reels 1, 2, 4, and 5 in the base game. Arrow scatter symbol only appears on reel 5 in the base game and shifts one reel to the left with each Reel Reveal spin. Caramella scatter symbol only appears on Revealed Reel #1. Truffle scatter symbol only appears on Revealed Reel #2. Pogo scatter symbol only appears on Revealed Reel #3. Moofia Milk Carton scatter symbol only appears on Revealed Reel #4. Wild Stellina scatter symbol only appears on Revealed Reel #5. Wild Mozzarella scatter symbol only appears on Revealed Reel #5. Wild Sandy scatter symbol only appears on Revealed Reel #5. Wild Donutella scatter symbol only appears on Revealed Reel #5. Wins are shown in currency. Regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the Reel Reveal feature, plus the outcome which launched the feature. If the award cap is reached in the Reel Reveal feature, the Reel Reveal feature ends immediately, even if there are remaining Reel Reveal spins. [ top ] Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. The theoretical return to player of this game is 96.20% Intellectual Property © TOKIDOKI, LLC. Designed by Simone Legno. All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of IGT and/or its licensors in the U.S. and/or other countries. © 2016 IGT. All rights reserved. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 or 10,000xBet - whichever is reached first (depending on currency. Other Operator limits may apply). Last modification date: 6/5/2020