Tiger and Dragon Multiplier Tiger and Dragon Multiplier 1. Overview The goal is to obtain a winning combination on a winning way spread across the reels. Game specifications : Type Slots Number of reels 5 Number of rows 3 8 in Dragon Bonus & Tiger and Dragon Bonus Number of ways 243 Ways Number of coins you can bet 75, 100, 150, 250, 500, 750, 1000, 1500, 2000, 3000, 5000 Progressive No Double feature No Auto spin feature Yes Wild symbols Yes Multiplier symbols Yes Scatter symbols Yes (Tiger, Dragon & Gong symbols) Bonus round Yes Bonus s pins Yes Instant win No RTP Normal Game: 94.00 % Bonus Buy: 94.25 % Super Bonus Buy: 94.35 % The game disconnects if you do not take any actions for a specific number of consecutive minutes (this number varies depending on jurisdiction); the session recovery feature will save the game progress so that the next time the game is loaded, you can continue where you left off. In the event of technical difficulties resulting in a dropped connection to the game server, the game you were playing is saved automatically and will load the next time you establish a connection to the game server. You will not be able to reconnect to the game server for the first 30 seconds after the disconnection. Note : In case of malfunction all pays and play are voided; any bet that was not yet accepted will be voided, any bet that was unsettled will be refunded. 2. How to Play Note: If you do not have enough money to play a game, the bet can be set to the minimum selectable amount through a dialog window informing about this. All winning ways pay from left to right, beginning with the far-left reel. All way win symbols must appear on consecutive reels. Wins on different ways are all added. Only the highest winning combination on each way is paid. Winnings from Bonus Spins feature are added to the total win. The auto spin feature does not automatically start Bonus Spins feature - player input is required.(Available only for specific jurisdictions) 2.1. Desktop version To play, follow these steps: Click on the main screen, and then use the + and - buttons to select the total bet. Click to save the settings and return to the main screen. Click to place the bet and spin the reels one time. For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. 2.2. Mobile version To play, follow these steps: Tap on the main screen, then use the + and - buttons to select the total bet. Tap to save the settings and return to the main screen. Tap to place the bet and spin the reels one time. For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. 3. Special Symbols and Features 3.1. Purple Gong Symbols After each base game spin, each Purple Gong symbol appearing in any position on the reels reveals a multiplier of x2 to x10. If a Purple Gong symbol is part of a way win, that way win will be multiplied by the shown multiplier. If 2 or more Purple Gong symbols are part of the same way win, the multipliers shown on them will be added together. Purple Gongs are WILD and substitute for all symbols, except Tiger or Dragon symbols. Purple Gong symbols are only available in base game, on reels 2-5. 3.2. Golden Gong Symbols Any 2 or more horizontally adjacent Golden Gong symbols will link together to form a payout. Each Golden Gong symbol appearing in any position on the reels reveals a value of 1 to 99 or an Arrow symbol. The values on the Golden Gongs and the frequency of the Arrows increase with higher bets. Golden Gong symbols are available during the 3 Bonuses. 3.3. Cash on Reels feature After each bonus game, each Golden Gong symbol appearing in any position on the reels reveals a value of 1 to 99 or an Arrow symbol. Only 1 double digit value or 1 Arrow symbol may appear in a cluster of 5 Golden Gong symbols. Up to 3 Arrow symbols or 2 double digit values may appear in a cluster of 4 Golden Gong symbols. Arrow symbols cannot appear in the leftmost position of a cluster. Each Arrow symbol appearing in a cluster transforms into 0 and increases the leftmost value in the cluster by a value of 1 to 90. After all transformations are complete, the value displayed in each cluster of 2 or more horizontally adjacent Golden Gong symbols is won, read as a single value from left to right and multiplied the Coin Value of 0.01. 3.4. Tiger & Dragon symbols 3 x Tiger symbols or 3 x Dragon symbols will trigger the corresponding Bonus round. Any combination of 5 or more Tige r & Dragon symbols will trigger the Tiger & Dragon Bonus . 3.5. Tiger Bonus 3 Tiger symbols in any position on the reels trigger the Tiger Bonus . If 1 or 2 Tiger symbols appear in any position on the reels, the Tiger Bonus may be randomly awarded. When the Tiger Bonus is triggered, 3 Spins are awarded. Each unlocked symbol position is a separate reel during the bonus. Only Golden Gong symbols are available during the bonus. After each spin, Golden Gong symbols appearing on one or more unlocked reels reset the number of spins remaining to 3. All Golden Gong symbols lock for the remainder of the bonus. If all reels lock, any remaining spins are not played. When 0 spins remain or all reels lock, each Golden Gong symbol appearing in a cluster of 2 or more horizontally adjacent reels reveals a value of 1 to 99 or an Arrow symbol. Only 1 double digit value or 1 Arrow symbol may appear in a cluster of 5 Golden Gong symbols. Up to 3 Arrow symbols or 2 double digit values may appear in a cluster of 4 Golden Gong symbols. Arrow symbols cannot appear in the leftmost position of a cluster. Each Arrow symbol appearing in a cluster transforms into 0 and increases the leftmost value in the cluster by a value of 1 to 90. After all transformations are complete, the value displayed in each cluster is won, read as a single value from left to right and multiplied the Coin Value of 0.01. The total bonus win is awarded and the Tiger Bonus ends. 3.6. Dragon Bonus 3 Dragon symbols in any position on the reels trigger the Dragon Bonus . If 1 or 2 Dragon symbols appear in any position on the reels, the Dragon Bonus may be randomly awarded. When the Dragon Bonus is triggered, 1 Spin is awarded. Each unlocked symbol position is a separate reel during the bonus. Only Golden Gong symbols are available during the bonus. After the spin, each Golden Gong symbol appearing in a cluster of 2 or more horizontally adjacent reels reveals a value of 1 to 99 or an Arrow symbol. Only 1 double digit value or 1 Arrow symbol may appear in a cluster of 5 Golden Gong symbols. Up to 3 Arrow symbols or 2 double digit values may appear in a cluster of 4 Golden Gong symbols. Arrow symbols cannot appear in the leftmost position of a cluster. Each Arrow symbol appearing in a cluster transforms into 0 and increases the leftmost value in the cluster by a value of 1 to 90. After all transformations are complete, the value displayed in each cluster is won, read as a single value from left to right and multiplied the Coin Value of 0.01. The total bonus win is awarded and the Dragon Bonus ends. 3.7. Tiger & Dragon Bonus Any combination of 5 Tiger symbols and Dragon symbols in any position on the reels triggers the Tiger & Dragon Bonus . If 1 or 2 Tiger symbols and 1 or 2 Dragon symbols appear in any position on the reels, the Tiger & Dragon Bonus may be randomly awarded. When the Tiger and Dragon Bonus is triggered, 3 Spins are awarded. At the start of the bonus, rows 1 to 3 are unlocked. Each unlocked symbol position is a separate reel during the bonus. Only Golden Gong symbols are available during the bonus. Collect the number of required Golden Gong symbols displayed on a locked row to unlock that row: a total of 6 Golden Gong symbols in unlocked rows unlocks row 4 a total of 9 Golden Gong symbols in unlocked rows unlocks row 5 a total of 14 Golden Gong symbols in unlocked rows unlocks row 6 a total of 19 Golden Gong symbols in unlocked rows unlocks row 7 a total of 25 Golden Gong symbols in unlocked rows unlocks row 8 If Golden Gong symbols appear on one or more unlocked reels in unlocked rows after a spin, the number of spins remaining resets to 3, the number of Golden Gong symbols appearing on unlocked reels in unlocked rows are collected in each lock meter, and all symbol positions containing Golden Gong symbols in all rows lock for the remainder of the bonus. If the required number of Golden Gong symbols have been collected for a row, that row is unlocked for that spin and the remainder of the bonus. If a total of 32 Golden Gong symbols appear in unlocked rows, the Grand Award is awarded. When 0 spins remain or all reels lock, each Golden Gong symbol appearing in a cluster of 2 or more horizontally adjacent reels reveals a value of 1 to 99 or an Arrow symbol. If all reels lock, any remaining spins are not played. Only 1 double digit value or 1 Arrow symbol may appear in a cluster of 5 Golden Gong symbols. Up to 3 Arrow symbols or 2 double digit values may appear in a cluster of 4 Golden Gong symbols. Arrow symbols cannot appear in the leftmost position of a cluster. Each Arrow symbol appearing in a cluster transforms into 0 and increases the leftmost value in the cluster by a value of 1 to 90. After all transformations are complete, the value displayed in each cluster is won, read as a single value from left to right and multiplied the Coin Value of 0.01. The total bonus win is awarded and the Tiger & Dragon Bonus ends. 3.8. Bonus Buy Buy the Bonus for 50x stake guaranteed entry into Tiger Bonus , Dragon Bonus or Tiger & Dragon Bonus . Buy the Bonus for 100x stake for guaranteed entry into the Tiger and Dragon Bonus . 4. Other game buttons 4.1. Desktop version The following buttons are available: Click this button to toggle the game sound on or off. Click this button to open the PAYOUTS tab, where you can view several screens: information about the payouts for the winning combinations. information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts, or specific awards; basic game rules. To navigate among the various screens in the PAYOUTS tab, click on the left and right arrows at the bottom of the screen. RULES In the last of the screens from the PAYOUTS tab, click this button to view detailed game rules. (in real mode only) This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Click on it to view the gameplay history. This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Click on it to close the game and to open the home website, in the same browser window. (available while the reels are spinning)(available only for specific jurisdictions) Click this button to stop the reels earlier. (available during winning animations) Click this button to skip the winning animations. (available only for specific jurisdictions) Click this button to activate Turbo mode. The Turbo mode speeds up the gameplay - the spin time is reduced to a minimum. 4.2. Mobile version The following buttons are available: Tap this button to toggle the game sound on or off. Tap this button to open the PAYOUTS tab, where you can view several screens: information about the payouts for the winning combinations. information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts, or specific awards; basic game rules. To navigate among the various screens in the PAYOUTS tab, tap on the left and right arrows at the bottom of the screen. RULES In the last of the screens from the PAYOUTS tab, tap this button to view detailed game rules. (in real mode only) This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap on it to view the gameplay history . This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap on it to close the game and to open the home website, in the same browser window. (available while the reels are spinning)(available only for specific jurisdictions) Tap this button to stop the reels earlier. (available during winning animations) Tap this button to skip the winning animations. (available only for specific jurisdictions) Tap this button to activate Turbo mode. The Turbo mode speeds up the gameplay - the spin time is reduced to a minimum. 5. Auto spin feature The loss limit setting allows stopping the auto spin feature automatically when the selected limit, plus your cumulative winnings, and minus your cumulative bets, is less than 0. 5.1. Desktop version Click the AUTO SPIN button to open the AUTO SPIN settings window where you can set up the following: Number of auto spins : click + or - to select the number of auto spins to play. Loss limit : click + or - to select the value of the loss limit; Stop if a win reaches : click + or - to select the value of the maximum win; Stop if JACKPOT is won (only for games with Progressive Jackpots): to enable this setting, tick the checkbox ; to disable it, remove the tick. Click the ACTIVATE button to close the AUTO SPIN settings window and to start the auto spin feature with the currently selected bet and auto spin setup. Click the CLOSE button to close the window without starting the auto spin feature. Click the STOP AUTO SPIN button to stop the auto spin feature at any time. 5.2. Mobile version Tap the AUTO SPIN button to open the AUTO SPIN settings window where you can set up the following: Number of auto spins : tap + or - to select the number of auto spins to play. Loss limit : tap + or - to select the value of the loss limit; Stop if a win reaches : tap + or - to select the value of the maximum win; Stop if JACKPOT is won (only for games with Progressive Jackpots): to enable this setting, tick the checkbox ; to disable it, remove the tick. Tap the ACTIVATE button to close the SPIN settings window and to start the auto spin feature with the currently selected bet and auto spin setup. Tap the CLOSE button to close the window without starting the auto spin feature. Tap the STOP AUTO SPIN button to stop the auto spin feature at any time. Last modification date: 1/13/2026