Take-off! 1. Overview Take-off! is a crash game. The multiplier starts at 1.00x and grows up to a random, predetermined value - at which point the plane flies away. The aim is to cash out before the plane flies away in order to win your bet multiplied by the current multiplier. Game specifications : Type Crash RTP 94.00 % The game disconnects if you do not take any actions for a specific number of consecutive minutes (this number varies depending on jurisdiction); the session recovery feature will save the game progress so that the next time the game is loaded, you can continue where you left off. In the event of technical difficulties resulting in a dropped connection to the game server, the game you were playing is saved automatically and will load the next time you establish a connection to the game server. You will not be able to reconnect to the game server for the first 30 seconds after the disconnection. Note : In case of malfunction all pays and play are voided; any bet that was not yet accepted will be voided, any bet that was unsettled will be refunded. 2. How to Play Note: If you do not have enough money to play a game, the bet can be set to the minimum selectable amount through a dialog window informing about this. On the info bar, you can view the current BET , your BALANCE and your current WIN , displayed in your real currency. 2.1. Desktop version To play, follow these steps: Use the + and - buttons to select a BET . Note: The total BET is displayed in your real currency. Use the + and - buttons to select AUTO CASH OUT multiplier or press on value to input custom multiplier (Available only for specific jurisdictions). Click START to begin. You can place up to 2 bets per round by clicking the second bet to activate it. Click CASH OUT to collect current win. The total amount won will be shown in the WIN field from the info bar, in your real currency. 2.2. Mobile version To play, follow these steps: Use the + and - buttons to select a BET . Note: The total BET is displayed in your real currency. Use the + and - buttons to select AUTO CASH OUT multiplier or press on value to input custom multiplier (Available only for specific jurisdictions). Click START to begin. You can place up to 2 bets per round by clicking the second bet to activate it. Click CASH OUT to collect current win. The total amount won will be shown in the WIN field from the info bar, in your real currency. 3. Features 3.1. Multiplier The multiplier starts at 1.00x and increases to a max of 2500X. The multiplier will grow and slowly increase in speed the higher the plane flies. You can Cash Out at any time using the cash out button to collect the current win amount. The later you Cash Out , the greater your win - but you must cash out before the plane flies away. Note : The plane can fly away before it starts (at 1.00x), which will result in all bets losing. 3.2. Cash Out Once a round has started you can Cash Out at any time before the plane flies away. Cashing out before the plane flies away will award your bet multiplied by the current multiplier. Using Auto Cash Out will automatically Cash Out upon reaching the chosen set multiplier (Available only for specific jurisdictions). Valid input values for auto cash out: From 1.01 to 1.99 you can input any value (the steps for auto cash out are in 1/100ths). For example: 1.22; 1.23; 1.24 From 2.00 to 9.90 you can only input values in 1/10ths. For example: 2.40; 2.50; 2.60 From 10.00 to 99.00 you can only input values in whole numbers. For example: 10.00; 11.00; 12.00 From 100.00 to 999.00 you can only input values in full 10s. For example: 100.00; 110.00; 120.00 From 1000.00 to 2500.00 you can only input values in full 100s. For example: 1000.00; 1100.00; 1200.00 The + and - buttons also follow the rules above. 3.3. Crashes At any point of the game round the plane flies away. If you don't Cash Out before the plane flies away, you lose all bets and current winnings. If the plane flies away, the round will end and take you to a new game round. Note : The plane flies away at a randomly chosen, predetermined point (including at 1.00X). 3.4. Round history At the bottom of the game screen there will be a dynamic round history showing the last results for each game round. Note: History application keys. Won_Cashed_Out= Cashed out. Final_Multiplier_Reached= Multiplier reached. Round_Result= Game round outcome. Bet_1_Result= Bet 1 outcome. Bet_2_Result= Bet 2 outcome. Cashed_Out_Value= Cashed out value. Lost= Lost. Continue_Round= Game resumed. Auto_Cash_Out_Multiplier= Auto Cash out value. None= Not selected. Start_Round= Game started. Won_reached_end = Maximum Win. 4. Other game buttons 4.1. Desktop version The following buttons are available: Click this button to toggle the game sound on or off. Click this button to open the PAYOUTS tab, where you can view several screens: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in either credit or your real currency - to toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area. information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts, or specific awards; the game lines and basic game rules. To navigate among the various screens in the PAYOUTS tab, click on the left and right arrows at the bottom of the screen. RULES In the last of the screens from the PAYOUTS tab, click this button to view detailed game rules, in a new browser window. (in real mode only) This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Click on it to view the gameplay history, in a new browser window. This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Click on it to close the game and to open the home website, in the same browser window. (available while the reels are spinning) Click this button to stop the reels earlier. (available during winning animations) Click this button to skip the winning animations. (available only for specific jurisdictions) Click this button to activate Turbo mode. The Turbo mode speeds up the gameplay - the spin time is reduced to a minimum. 4.2. Mobile version The following buttons are available: Tap this button to toggle the game sound on or off. Tap this button to open the PAYOUTS tab, where you can view several screens: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in either credit or your real currency - to toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area. information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts, or specific awards; the game lines and basic game rules. To navigate among the various screens in the PAYOUTS tab, tap on the left and right arrows at the bottom of the screen. RULES In the last of the screens from the PAYOUTS tab, tap this button to view detailed game rules, in a new browser window. (in real mode only) This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap on it to view the gameplay history in a new browser window. This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap on it to close the game and to open the home website, in the same browser window. (available while the reels are spinning) Tap this button to stop the reels earlier. (available during winning animations) Tap this button to skip the winning animations. (available only for specific jurisdictions) Tap this button to activate Turbo mode. The Turbo mode speeds up the gameplay - the spin time is reduced to a minimum. index Last modification date: 4/17/2025