Treasure Box Clans Treasure Box Clans Join your kin for a Highland adventure in search of legendary riches! Treasure Box Clans offers the lucrative MultiWay feature, with 243 ways to win. Watch for 5 Coin Symbols to trigger the Hold and Win Bonus , where you can win extra spins, prizes, multipliers, and cash awards! Get ready for some Clan-tastic wins! How to Bet Treasure Box Clans offers 243 ways to win. Bet Settings Menu Press the cog or TOTAL BET to open the Bet Settings menu. 243 Ways Displays the current number of ways being played. Betting is fixed at 243 ways. Coins Displays the current number of coins being played. Coin Value Displays the current coin value shown in currency. Change by selecting the desired total bet. On desktop devices, optionally press the minus button (–) to decrease the coin value or press the plus button (+) to increase the coin value. Press OK to confirm and close the Bet Settings menu. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at 243 ways and the current coin value. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins and where available, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Hold and Win Bonus The Hold and Win Bonus is triggered when 5 or more Coin Scatter Symbols appear on the reels. Triggering the Hold and Win Bonus awards 3 initial respins. When the Hold and Win Bonus is triggered, a Treasure Box appears in the center position of reel 3, and all triggering Coin Symbols and their corresponding prize values are added to the Treasure Box. The Treasure Box turns into a Coin Symbol containing the total value from the triggering symbols and locks on that reel for the remainder of the Hold and Win Bonus , except if a new Treasure Box Symbol appears in a respin. All other Coin Symbols are removed from the reels, freeing up space for more prizes. The respin reels contain Gem Symbols, Coin Symbols, Treasure Box Symbols, Multiplier Symbols, +1 Spin Symbols, and blanks. If 1 or more Gem Symbols, Coin Symbols, Treasure Box Symbols, Multiplier Symbols, or +1 Spin Symbols appears on the reels after a respin, the Spins meter resets to 3, except if a +1 Spin Symbol has appeared in a respin. Coin Symbols contain prizes values. Each Coin Symbol appearing on a reel after a respin locks on that reel for the remainder of the Hold and Win Bonus , except if a Treasure Box Symbol appears in a respin. Treasure Box Symbol adds all Coin Symbols currently on the reels and their corresponding prize values to the Treasure Box. The Treasure Box transforms into a Coin Symbol which locks on that reel for the remainder of the bonus, except if a new Treasure Box Symbol appears in a respin. All other Coin Symbols are removed from the reels, freeing up space for more prizes. Multiplier Symbols appearing on the reels after a respin multiply all Coin Symbol prize values appearing on that respin by the awarded multiplier. Multipliers of 2x, 3x, 4x, or 5x are available. Up to 2 Multiplier Symbols can appear per bonus. +1 Spin Symbol increases the respin value of the Spins meter by 1 for the remainder of the bonus and resets the Spins meter. Up to 2 +1 Spin Symbols can appear per bonus. Gem Symbols are collected for the jackpots. Each Gem Symbol appearing on a reel after a respin locks on that reel for the remainder of the Hold and Win Bonus . More than 1 jackpot may be awarded during the Hold and Win Bonus . Each Grand, Major, and Minor jackpot may be awarded only once per bonus. Grand, Major, and Minor jackpots are displayed in currency and scale with bet. The Hold and Win Bonus continues until no respins remain or until all 15 positions are locked, and all accumulated wins are awarded. The Hold and Win Bonus cannot be retriggered. Reels used in the Hold and Win Bonus are different from the reels used in the base game. The Hold and Win Bonus is played at same coin value as the triggering spin. Options All Sound Toggle game sounds on or off. Sound Effects Toggle sound effects on or off. Music Toggle music on or off. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. MultiWay wins pay for the same symbol in any position in adjacent columns. Same symbol in same column multiplies win. MultiWay wins pay left to right. Only the highest paying MultiWay win for each symbol is paid per spin. Coinciding MultiWay wins from different symbols are added. MultiWay wins are multiplied by the coin value. Wild Symbol appears on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5 in the base game. Wild Symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols except Coin Scatter Symbol in the base game. Bonus wins are independent from MultiWay wins and are added to the total amount paid. The Hold and Win Bonus is played on independent reels. All awards are scattered. No paylines are used. Grand, Major, and Minor jackpot can only be won once during the Hold and Win Bonus . However, more than 1 jackpot can be won during the same Hold and Win Bonus . All accumulated wins are awarded to the player. The likelihood of winning the Grand jackpot, Major jackpot, or Minor jackpot is not equal. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there may be an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. Last modification date: 8/20/2024