Treasure Hunt Ahoy, matey! Grab your treasure map and set sail! Treasure Hunt is a 5-reel game featuring Surrounding Wilds , which turn the Pirate Boat Symbol and adjacent symbols Wild, and up to 100 free spins in the Free Spins Bonus . How to Bet Treasure Hunt features 30 paylines. Bet Configuration Menu Press the cog or TOTAL BET to open the bet configuration menu. Coins Displays the current number of coins being played. Betting is fixed at 30 paylines. Coin Value Displays the current coin value shown in currency. To change the bet: Select the desired total bet. On desktop devices, optionally press the minus button (–) to decrease the total bet, or press the plus button (+) to increase the total bet. Press TOTAL BET to open the bet selection menu. Press OK to confirm and close the bet configuration menu. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current coin value. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Surrounding Wilds Feature In the base game, the Surrounding Wilds feature is triggered when the Pirate Boat Symbol appears anywhere on the reels. The Pirate Boat Symbol turns itself and all adjacent symbols into Wild Symbols if the transformation will result in a win. If the Bonus Symbol appears behind a Wild Symbol, it will act as a Wild as well as the Bonus Symbol. During the Free Spins Bonus , the Pirate Boat Symbol turns orange, and the Surrounding Wilds feature works the same way as in the base game. Wild Symbols replace all symbols except Bonus Symbols. Free Spins Bonus The Free Spins Bonus is triggered when 3 or more Bonus Scatter Symbols appear anywhere on the reels. Number of Bonus Symbols Free Spins Awarded 3 10 4 20 5 100 The reels in the Free Spins Bonus are richer than the base game reels. The Free Spins Bonus is retriggered when 3 or more Bonus Scatter Symbols appear anywhere on the reels. Number of Bonus Symbols Additional Free Spins Awarded 3 10 4 20 5 100 The bonus can be retriggered multiple times, up to a maximum of 600 free spins per bonus. Reels used in the Free Spins Bonus are different from the reels used in the base game. Free spins are played at same coin value and same number of paylines as the triggering spin. Options All Sound Toggle game sounds on or off. Sound Effects Toggle sound effects on or off. Music Toggle music on or off. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far-left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the coin value on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Only the highest scatter win is paid per Scatter Symbol. Coinciding scatter wins from different Scatter Symbols are added. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Scatter wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Wild Symbol only appears during the Surrounding Wilds feature. Wild Symbol appears on reels 1 through 5 in the base game and the Free Spins Bonus . Wild Symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols except Bonus Scatter Symbols in the base game and the Free Spins Bonus . Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there may be an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. RTP:-94.00% Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent, except in cases where one spin unlocks a feature for a subsequent spin or series of spins, per the game rules. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given spin of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next spin are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of spins by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. Last modification date: 9/6/2022