Treasure Box Kingdom Treasure Box Kingdom is a 5-reel MultiWay game where Coin Scatter Symbols award prizes and the Free Spins Bonus with guaranteed wins is triggered when 3 or more Pyramid Scatter Symbols appear anywhere on the reels. 4 fixed award jackpots can be won during the Hold and Respin Bonus ! How to Bet Treasure Box Kingdom offers 243 ways to win. Bet Configuration Menu (mobile/tablet) Press the cog to open the bet configuration menu. Press OK to confirm and close the bet configuration menu. 243 WAYS Displays the current number of ways being played. Betting is fixed at 243 ways. Coins Displays the current number of coins being played. Coin Value Displays the current coin value shown in currency. To change the bet: Select the desired total bet. On desktop devices, optionally press the minus button (–) to decrease the coin value, or press the plus button (+) to increase the coin value. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at 243 ways and the current coin value. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins and where available, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Symbol Replacement Feature The reels may contain stacks of symbols that transform into 1 of the following symbols at the start of each base game: Wild, Red 7, Purple 7, Cat, Hawk, Hare, Scarab, Rising Sun, Lotus, Shen Ring, Ankh, or Vase. All stacked symbol positions on a reel transform into the same symbol. Each reel may contain a different transformed symbol. The reels may also contain stacks of symbols that transform into 1 of the following symbols at the start of each base game: Red 7, Purple 7, Cat, Hawk, Hare, Scarab, Rising Sun, Lotus, Shen Ring, Ankh, or Vase. All transformed symbol positions on all reels transform into the same symbol. Coin Symbol Feature During the base game and Free Spins Bonus , if the number of Coin Symbols appearing in any position on the reels is less than 5, the Coin Symbol feature is triggered. When the Coin Symbol feature is triggered, each Coin Symbol turns to reveal a prize of 10x, 15x, 20x, 25x, 30x, 35x, 40x, 45x, 50x, 75x, 100x, 150x, 200x, 250x, 300x, 350x, 400x, 450x, 500x, or 750x the coin value. All Coin Symbol feature prizes awarded are added to the total winning prize value. The revealed prizes are awarded in addition to any MultiWay wins awarded. All Coin Symbol feature prize values are multiplied by 3x during the Free Spins Bonus . Hold and Respin Bonus The Hold and Respin Bonus is triggered when 5 or more Coin Scatter Symbols appear on the reels. Triggering the Hold and Respin Bonus awards 3 initial respins. When the Hold and Respin Bonus is triggered, a Treasure Box appears in the centre position of reel 3, and all triggering Coin Symbols and their corresponding prize values are added to the Treasure Box. The Treasure Box turns into a Coin Symbol containing the total value from the triggering symbols and locks on that reel for the remainder of the Hold and Respin Bonus , except if a new Treasure Box Symbol appears in a respin. All other Coin Symbols are removed from the reels, freeing up space for more prizes. The respin reels contain Gem Symbols, Coin Symbols, Treasure Box Symbols, Multiplier Symbols, +1 Spin Symbols, and blanks. If 1 or more Gem Symbols, Coin Symbols, Treasure Box Symbols, Multiplier Symbols, or +1 Spin Symbols appears on the reels after a respin, the Spins Remaining meter resets to 3, except if a +1 Spin Symbol has appeared in a respin. Coin Symbols contain prizes values. Each Coin Symbol appearing on a reel after a respin locks on that reel for the remainder of the Hold and Respin Bonus , except if a Treasure Box Symbol appears in a respin. If the Hold and Respin Bonus is triggered during the Free Spins Bonus , all Coin Symbol values are multiplied by 3x. Treasure Box Symbol adds all Coin Symbols currently on the reels and their corresponding prize values to the Treasure Box. The Treasure Box transforms into a Coin Symbol which locks on that reel for the remainder of the bonus, except if a new Treasure Box Symbol appears in a respin. All other Coin Symbols are removed from the reels, freeing up space for more prizes. Multiplier Symbol appearing on the reels after a respin transforms into a 2x, 3x, 4x, or 5x multiplier that multiplies all Coin Symbol prize values appearing on that respin by the awarded multiplier. Up to 2 Multiplier Symbols can appear per bonus. +1 Spin Symbol increases the respin value of the Spins Remaining meter by 1 for the remainder of the bonus and resets the Spins Remaining meter. Up to 2 +1 Spin Symbols can appear per bonus. Gem Symbols are collected for the jackpots. Each Gem Symbol appearing on a reel after a respin locks on that reel for the remainder of the Hold and Respin Bonus . If the required number of Gem Symbols appear on the reels after a respin, the corresponding jackpot is awarded. Number of Required Gem Symbols Award 5 Diamonds Grand Jackpot 3 Red Gems Major Jackpot 2 Green Gems Minor Jackpot 1 Yellow Gem Mini Jackpot More than 1 jackpot may be awarded during the Hold and Respin Bonus . Each Grand, Major, and Minor Jackpot may be awarded only once per bonus. Multiple Mini Jackpots may be awarded. Grand, Major, Minor, and Mini Jackpots are displayed in currency and are multiplied by coin value. The Hold and Respin Bonus continues until no respins remain or until all 15 positions are locked, with all accumulated wins awarded to the player. The Hold and Respin Bonus cannot be retriggered. Reels used in the Hold and Respin Bonus are different from the reels used in the base game. The Hold and Respin Bonus is played at same coin value as the triggering spin. MultiWay Feature With the MultiWay feature, there are 243 ways to win on every spin. MultiWay wins pay for matching symbols in any position in adjacent columns, starting from the leftmost column. More than 1 matching symbol in the same column multiplies the award. The Wild Symbol substitutes for all symbols except for the Coin and Pyramid Scatter Symbols. Only the highest paying MultiWay win for each symbol is paid per spin. Example of a MultiWay payout: The following diagram shows a sample reel outcome using the Ankh Symbol. Because there is at least 1 Ankh or Wild Symbol in each of the first 4 columns, the player has won the 4 Ankh MultiWay win which pays 10 coins per way. Payout example: 1 x 2 x 3 x 1 Ankh Symbols = 6 winning ways: Column 1 Column 2 Column 3 Column 4 Column 5 Ankh Wild Wild Ankh Wild Wild Ankh 1 Ankh 2 Ankhs 3 Ankhs 1 Ankh To determine the payout for this combination: Count the number of Ankh and Wild Symbols in each column. Calculate the total number of winning ways (1 x 2 x 3 x 1 = 6). Multiply the number of ways by the 4 Ankh Symbol win (6 x 10 = 60). The win is 60 coins. The actual amount won in currency is based on the coin value. Free Spins Bonus The Free Spins Bonus is triggered when 3 or more Pyramid Scatter Symbols appear anywhere on the reels. Number of Pyramid Symbols Free Spins Awarded 3 10 4 15 5 20 During the Free Spins Bonus , every spin guarantees a win. The reels contain symbols that transform into 1 of the following symbols at the start of each free spin: Red 7, Purple 7, Cat, Hawk, or Hare. All transformed symbol positions on all reels transform into the same symbol. All Coin Symbol feature prize values are multiplied by 3x. The reels in the Free Spins Bonus are richer than the base game reels. The Free Spins Bonus is retriggered when 3 or more Pyramid Scatter Symbols appear anywhere on the reels. Number of Pyramid Symbols Additional Free Spins Awarded 3 10 4 15 5 20 The bonus can be retriggered multiple times, up to a maximum of 600 free spins per bonus. If the Hold and Respin Bonus is triggered during the Free Spins Bonus , the free spins continue after the completion of the Hold and Respin Bonus . Reels used in the Free Spins Bonus are different from the reels used in the base game. Free spins are played at same coin value as the triggering spin. Options All Sound Toggle game sounds on or off. Music Toggle music on or off. Sound Effects Toggle sound effects on or off. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. MultiWay wins pay for the same symbol in any position in adjacent columns. Same symbol in same column multiplies win. MultiWay wins pay left to right. Only the highest paying MultiWay win for each symbol is paid per spin. Coinciding MultiWay wins from different symbols are added. MultiWay wins are multiplied by the coin value. Wild Symbol appears on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5 in the base game and the Free Spins Bonus . Wild Symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols except Coin and Pyramid Scatter Symbols in the base game and the Free Spins Bonus . Only the highest scatter win is paid. Scatter wins are multiplied by coin value. Coin Scatter wins are independent from MultiWay wins and are also added to the total amount paid. Bonus wins are independent from MultiWay wins and are added to the total amount paid. The Hold and Respin Bonus is played on independent reels. All awards are scattered. No paylines are used. Grand, Major, and Minor Jackpots can only be won once during the Hold and Respin Bonus . However, more than 1 Jackpot can be won during the same Hold and Respin Bonus . More than 1 Mini Jackpot can be won during the same Hold and Respin Bonus . All accumulated wins awarded to the player. The likelihood of winning the Grand Jackpot, Major Jackpot, Minor Jackpot, or Mini Jackpot is not equal. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there may be an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. RTP:- 96.02% Last modification date: 9/20/2022