Twenty Seven Featuring 3 reels and 27 active paylines, Twenty Seven offers the classic slot gameplay that players know and love. Spin three Mystery symbols anywhere on the reels to win a mystery prize! How To Bet Twenty Seven features 27 paylines for 10 coins. Bet Configuration Menu (mobile/tablet devices only) Press the arrow to open the bet configuration menu. Press the check mark to confirm and close the bet configuration menu. 27 Lines Displays the number of paylines. Betting is fixed at 27 paylines which costs 10 coins Coin Value Displays the current coin value shown in currency. Press the minus button (–) to decrease the coin value. Press the plus button (+) to increase the coin value. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at 10 coins and the current coin value. For UK jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, or the balance is insufficient to spin again. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Mystery Feature When three Mystery symbols appear anywhere on the reels, the Mystery feature is triggered, revealing a random bonus win from 5x to 25000x the coin value. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the coin value on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Mystery wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent, except in cases where one spin unlocks a feature for a subsequent spin or series of spins, per the game rules. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. The theoretical return to player (RTP) is 94.01%. Last modification date: 9/28/2020