Tyrant King Megaways Tyrant King Megaways™ 1. Overview The goal is to obtain a winning combination on a winning way spread across the reels. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Game specifications : Type Slots Number of reels 6 + top tracker (4 symbols)+bottom tracker(only during Free Spins) Symbols per reel 2 to 7 (on Reels 1 and 6) 3 to 8 symbols in Free Spins Number of ways Up to 200,704 Megaways (in Free spins) Number of coins you can bet 20 (cannot be changed) Progressive No Double feature No Auto spin feature Yes Wild symbols Yes Multiplier symbols Yes (Multiplier on the whole reel in respins) Scatter symbols Yes (Bonus) Bonus round No Free s pins Yes Instant win No The game disconnects if you do not take any actions for a specific number of consecutive minutes (this number varies depending on jurisdiction); the session recovery feature will save the game progress so that the next time the game is loaded, you can continue where you left off. In the event of technical difficulties resulting in a dropped connection to the game server, the game you were playing is saved automatically and will load the next time you establish a connection to the game server. You will not be able to reconnect to the game server for the first 30 seconds after the disconnection. Note : In case of malfunction all pays and play are voided; any bet that was not yet accepted will be voided, any bet that was unsettled will be refunded. 2. How to Play Note: If you do not have enough money to play a game, the bet can be set to the minimum selectable amount through a dialog window informing about this. All winning ways pay from left to right, beginning with the far-left reel. All way win symbols must appear on consecutive reels. Wins on different ways are all added. Only the highest winning combination on each way is paid. Winnings from Free Spins are added to the total win. The auto spin feature does not automatically start free spins - player input is required.(Available only for specific jurisdictions) On the info bar, you can view the current BET, your BALANCE and your current WIN, displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 2.1. Desktop version To play, follow these steps: Click on the main screen, and then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value. Click to save the settings and return to the main screen. Note: The total BET is displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). Click to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won will be shown in the WIN field from the info bar, in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 2.2. Mobile version To play, follow these steps: Tap on the main screen, then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value. Tap to save the settings and return to the main screen. Note: The total BET is displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won will be shown in the WIN field from the info bar, in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. To toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 3. Special Symbols and Features 3.1. Megaways Megaways under license from Big Time Gaming. Each spin can have up to 117,649 ways to win during the base game and up to 200,704 ways to win during Free Spins. Wins are awarded for left to right adjacent symbols, starting on reel 1, regardless of size. 3.2. Wild The Wild symbol replaces any other symbols, except the Bonus symbols, to form winning combinations. Landing 4 Wild symbols on reels 2-5 will trigger Wild Tyrant Respins. Wild symbols only appear on reels 2-5. Note: Only 1 Wild symbol per reel can land to trigger the feature. 3.3. Bonus symbol Landing 4 Bonus symbols on reels 2-5 will trigger 10 Free Spins. Note: Only 1 Bonus symbol per reel can land. 3.4. Cascading Wins Symbols spin into position to form a number of Megaways. Any win in view will start a Cascade. Symbols in winning combinations will explode and new symbols will drop into position. Cascades will continue until no new wins are formed. Winning symbols on the horizontal top tracker will be replaced by symbols shifting from right to left. Note: During cascading wins, the number of ways is fixed at the same amount as on the initial winning spin. Bonus symbols cannot be broken and will remain on screen until no more wins are formed. 3.5. Top Tracker The horizontal tracker on top of reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 will add a symbol to each reel it is above. 3.6. Wild Tyrant Respins Landing 4 Wild symbols on reels 2-5 will trigger Wild Tyrant Respins. 3 respins will be awarded with only Wild symbols in play. Wild Tyrant Respins are only played on reels 2-5 and don't include any of the top or bottom trackers. Reels 1, 6 and top/bottom trackers will be locked. Any Wild symbol that lands will stick in place and reset the number of respins. Filling a reel will transform it into Wild multiplier reel. Wild reel multipliers will equal the amount of Wilds landed on the reel. Once all the respins are used triggering symbols will reappear and award any wins formed. Wild Tyrant Respins can be triggered in both base game and Free Spins. If Wild Tyrant Respins is triggered during Free Spins , all wins will be multiplied by the current multiplier level on the triggering spin. Wilds are not present on top or bottom trackers. 3.7. Free Spins Landing 4 Bonus symbols on reels 2-5 will trigger 10 Free Spins . An additional horizontal tracker is added to the bottom to increase ways up to 200,704. Bonus symbols are not present on top or bottom trackers. 3.8. Unlimited Multiplier An unlimited win multiplier, starting at x1, is active during Free Spins . After every cascading win during Free Spins, the multiplier will increase by x1. The new multiplier will apply to the next free spins win, whether it comes during the same series of cascades or on a later free spin. 3.9. Extra Spins Each Bonus symbol will award +1 extra Free Spin. 3.10. Win Cap The maximum total win in a single game is capped at 1,000,000 coins. Any wins shown and played in the background after the win cap is applied on a single game are not awarded. Wins after the win cap will be shown as 0 in the Game History. If the win cap is reached during Free Spins, the feature will end regardless of spins remaining. Note : History application keys MULTIPLIERS= Multiplier initial_screen= initial symbols FS_TRIGGER,FS_RETRIGGER=Free Spins Respins, RESPINS_TRIGGERED= Wild Tyrant Respins combo= Cascading Wins Left, Used= Spins FREE_SPINS_INTERRUPTED, WINS_CAP_REACHED|50000xTB= Win cap Final_screen= Result Screen index 4. Other game buttons 4.1. Desktop version The following buttons are available: Click this button to toggle the game sound on or off. Click this button to open the PAYOUTS tab, where you can view several screens: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in either credit or your real currency - to toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area. information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts, or specific awards; basic game rules. To navigate among the various screens in the PAYOUTS tab, click on the left and right arrows at the bottom of the screen. RULES In the last of the screens from the PAYOUTS tab, click this button to view detailed game rules, in a new browser window. (in real mode only) This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Click on it to view the gameplay history, in a new browser window. This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Click on it to close the game and to open the home website, in the same browser window. (available while the reels are spinning) Click this button to stop the reels earlier. (available during winning animations) Click this button to skip the winning animations. (available only for specific jurisdictions) Click this button to activate Turbo mode. The Turbo mode speeds up the gameplay - the spin time is reduced to a minimum. 4.2. Mobile version The following buttons are available: Tap this button to toggle the game sound on or off. Tap this button to open the PAYOUTS tab, where you can view several screens: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in either credit or your real currency - to toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area. information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts, or specific awards; basic game rules. To navigate among the various screens in the PAYOUTS tab, tap on the left and right arrows at the bottom of the screen. RULES In the last of the screens from the PAYOUTS tab, tap this button to view detailed game rules, in a new browser window. (in real mode only) This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap on it to view the gameplay history in a new browser window. This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap on it to close the game and to open the home website, in the same browser window. (available while the reels are spinning) Tap this button to stop the reels earlier. (available during winning animations) Tap this button to skip the winning animations. (available only for specific jurisdictions) Tap this button to activate Turbo mode. The Turbo mode speeds up the gameplay - the spin time is reduced to a minimum. 5. Auto spin feature The loss limit setting allows stopping the auto spin feature automatically when the selected limit, plus your cumulative winnings, and minus your cumulative bets, is less than 0. 5.1. Desktop version Click the AUTO SPIN button to open the AUTO SPIN settings window where you can set up the following: Number of auto spins : click + or - to select the number of auto spins to play. Loss limit : click + or - to select the value of the loss limit; Stop if a win reaches : click + or - to select the value of the maximum win; Stop if JACKPOT is won (only for games with Progressive Jackpots): to enable this setting, tick the checkbox ; to disable it, remove the tick. Click the ACTIVATE button to close the AUTO SPIN settings window and to start the auto spin feature with the currently selected bet and auto spin setup. Click the CLOSE button to close the window without starting the auto spin feature. Click the STOP AUTO SPIN button to stop the auto spin feature at any time. 5.2. Mobile version Tap the AUTO SPIN button to open the AUTO SPIN settings window where you can set up the following: Number of auto spins : tap + or - to select the number of auto spins to play. Loss limit : tap + or - to select the value of the loss limit; Stop if a win reaches : tap + or - to select the value of the maximum win; Stop if JACKPOT is won (only for games with Progressive Jackpots): to enable this setting, tick the checkbox ; to disable it, remove the tick. Tap the ACTIVATE button to close the SPIN settings window and to start the auto spin feature with the currently selected bet and auto spin setup. Tap the CLOSE button to close the window without starting the auto spin feature. Tap the STOP AUTO SPIN button to stop the auto spin feature at any time. Last modification date: 2/28/2024