Texas Tea Texas Tea Just like in Texas, everything in Texas Tea is BIG: big wins, big excitement, and big fun! Get paid like a Texas oil tycoon with the Oil Dividend Bonus, with wins up to 100 times your total bet! In the Big Oil Bonus, strike it big by placing your own oil derricks to pump up that black gold, for wins up to 10, 20, 30, or maybe even 945 times your line bet! How To Bet Auto Spin Feature Oil Dividend Bonus Big Oil Bonus Options Rules Additional Information How To Bet Texas Tea features 9 paylines. LINE BET Displays the current bet per line shown in currency. Press the left arrow (–) to decrease the bet per line. Press the right arrow (+) to increase the bet per line. LINES Displays the current number of paylines selected. Press the left arrow (–) to decrease the number of paylines played. Press the right arrow (+) to increase the number of paylines played. SPIN Press to submit the bet and spin the reels. [ top ] Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of games at the current line bet and number of paylines selected. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many games to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of games until the STOP button is pressed, a bonus is triggered, or the balance is insufficient to spin again. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. [ top ] Oil Dividend Bonus Three or more Texas Ted Scatter symbols, in any position, trigger the Oil Dividend Bonus. During the Oil Dividend Bonus, Texas Ted awards a value ranging from 3 to 100 times the total bet. See the paytable for details. [ top ] Big Oil Bonus Three or more Oil Derrick symbols on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel, trigger the Big Oil Bonus. During the Big Oil Bonus, the game provides a number of oil derricks equal to the number of triggering symbols in the base game. Select regions of Texas to place the derricks. Once all derricks are placed, wins are awarded within the selected regions. To increase the pace of the award reveal in the Big Oil Bonus, press the TURBO button. See the paytable for win details. [ top ] Options Graphics Quality Adjust the quality of the graphics to get the optimal animation performance. BEST mode - Highest quality graphics, but performance may suffer. HIGH mode (default) - Balanced graphics and performance setting. MEDIUM mode - Lower quality but increased performance. LOW mode - Minimal graphics, but smoothest animation performance is achieved even on slower computers. Show Intro Toggle the display of the Intro Sequence when the game starts. ON - Display the Intro Sequence each time you start Texas Tea . OFF - Don't display the Intro Sequence each time you start Texas Tea . [ top ] Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the line bet on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Only the highest scatter win is paid per scatter symbol. Coinciding scatter wins from different scatter symbols are added. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Scatter wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Wins are shown in currency. Regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the Bonus plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in a bonus, the bonus ends immediately. [ top ] Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. Intellectual Property All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of IGT in the U.S. and/or other countries. © 2015 IGT. All rights reserved. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/5/2020