The Wild Life Go on safari and join the hunt for exotic riches in The Wild Life. The call of the Serengeti beckons with ten paylines and the Expanding Wilds feature. You’ll roar for more when the Wild symbol appears and turns the whole reel wild for the current spin! And if the reel turns wild during the Free Spins Bonus, the Expanding Wild feature becomes the Sticky Wilds feature, and keeps the reel wild for the rest of the bonus! How To Bet Free Spins Bonus Expanding/Sticky Wilds Feature Rules Additional Information How To Bet The Wild Life features 10 paylines for 10 coins. LINES Displays the current number of paylines selected. Betting is fixed at 10 paylines which costs 10 coins. TOTAL BET Displays the current bet value shown in currency. Press to reveal the Bet Menu and choose your bet amount. SPIN Press SPIN to submit the bet and spin the reels. Free Spins Bonus Three, four, or five scattered Bonus symbols appearing in any position on the reels in the base game award 10, 15, or 20 free spins respectively. During the Free Spins Bonus, each scatter symbol that appears in any position awards 2 additional free spins. The Free Spins Bonus can be retriggered multiple times. Maximum number of free spins is 200. If the number of free spins awarded is greater than 190 and the trigger combination appears again no more free spins will be awarded. Free spins are played on special bonus reels. Free spins are played at the same line bet as the triggering spin. Expanding/Sticky Wilds Feature The Expanding Wild symbol appears only on the second, third and fourth reels, and substitutes for all symbols except the Bonus scatter symbol. During the base game, each Wild symbol that substitutes in a line win in any position on the same reel turns the entire reel wild. In the Free Spins Bonus, each time a Wild Symbol appears, the Expanding Wild reel becomes sticky, and stays wild for the duration of the bonus. top Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel or the far right reel. Line wins pay left to right and right to left. Line wins are multiplied by the line bet on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Bonus wins are added to line wins, and only the highest winning combination is paid. Only the highest paying payline win for each symbol is paid per spin. Wins are shown in currency. Wild symbol substitutes for any other symbol except the Bonus symbol. Wild symbol appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the Free Spins Bonus plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent, except in cases where one spin unlocks a feature for a subsequent spin or series of spins, per the game rules. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. Intellectual Property All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of IGT in the U.S. and/or other countries. © 2017 IGT. All rights reserved. Last modification date: 5/16/2018