Triple Gold Bars Classic 3-reel stepper gameplay glitters with gold in Triple Gold Bars ! Spin with up to 9 paylines of big win potential and the familiar 7 Symbols you know and love. Watch for Triple Sub-Symbols to appear—wins can multiply up to 27x! Do you have the golden touch? How to Bet Triple Gold Bars features 9 paylines. Bet Settings Menu Press the cog or TOTAL BET to open the Bet Settings menu. Lines Displays the current number of paylines selected. Press 1, 3, 5, 7, or 9 to select the number of paylines played. Total Bet Displays the current total bet shown in currency. Change by selecting the desired total bet. On desktop devices, optionally press the minus button (–) to decrease the total bet or press the plus button (+) to increase the total bet. Press OK to confirm and close the Bet Settings menu. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current total bet and number of paylines selected. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins and where available, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Multiplier Feature A Triple Sub-Symbol may appear on any symbol on the reels. Symbols containing a Triple Sub-Symbol substitute for their respective symbols without the Triple Sub-Symbol. If one symbol in a line win contains a Triple Sub-Symbol, that win is multiplied by 3x. If two symbols in a line win contain a Triple Sub-Symbol, that win is multiplied by 9x. If three symbols in a line win contain a Triple Sub-Symbol, that win is multiplied by 27x. When all 9 lines are played, the top award is multiplied by 72x. Options All Sound Toggle game sounds on or off. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far-left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the line bet on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there may be an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. RTP: 92.40% Last modification date: 12/19/2023