Temple of Fire Seek flaming fortunes in the Temple of Fire , where the wilds catch fire and spread across the reels! When the Fire Goddess appears, she ignites all adjacent Temple of Fire symbols, turning them into fiery wilds and providing blazing hot win potential. During the Free Spins Bonus , choose your path to sizzling riches and witness the Fire Goddess's guaranteed transformation on every spin! How to Bet Temple of Fire features 30 fixed paylines. Bet Settings Menu Press the settings icon or TOTAL BET to open the bet settings menu. The Bet Settings Menu displays: Total Bet Displays the current total bet shown in currency. Coins Displays the current number of coins being played. Coin Value Displays the current coin value shown in currency. To change the bet: Select the desired total bet. On desktop devices, optionally press the minus button (–) to decrease the total bet, or press the plus button (+) to increase the total bet. Press OK to confirm and close the bet configuration menu. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current total bet. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Expanding Wild Feature After the reel spin on the base game, or in the Free Spins Bonus , Fire Goddess symbols in any position on the reels expand downward and transform symbols into Fire Goddess symbols. Fire Goddess symbol is Wild and substitutes for all symbols except for the Bonus symbol. Logo symbols vertically and horizontally adjacent to any Fire Goddess symbols transform into ignited Wild symbols. Logo symbols vertically and horizontally adjacent to any ignited Wild symbols also transform into ignited Wild symbols. Wins are evaluated after all transformations are complete. Free Spins Bonus The Free Spins Bonus is triggered when 3 Bonus scatter symbols appear on reels 1, 3, and 5 in the base game. Select the number of free spins with multiplier from the following options to start the bonus: Number of Free Spins Multiplier Awarded 12 1x 6 2x 4 3x During each free spin, a fiery frame appears around 1 random reel. After the reel spin, the reel transforms into a Fire Goddess symbol. Wins are evaluated after all transformations are complete. During the Free Spins Bonus , 3 Bonus scatter symbols appearing on reels 1, 3, and 5 award additional free spins at the same number and multiplier as the initial selection. If the number of awarded spins is greater than 600 and the trigger combination appears again, no additional free spins are awarded. Additional free spins are awarded even if appearing on a reel that is transformed into a Fire Goddess symbol. Reels used in the Free Spins Bonus are different from the reels used in the base game. The Free Spins Bonus is played at the same coin value as the triggering spin. The Free Spins Bonus ends when 0 free spins remain or after 600 free spins have been played. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far-left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the coin value on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Bonus symbols appear on reels 1, 3, and 5 in the base game and Free Spins Bonus . Ignited Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except the Bonus symbol. Fire Goddess symbols substitute for all symbols except for the Bonus symbol. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent, except in cases where one spin unlocks a feature for a subsequent spin or series of spins, per the game rules. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given spin of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next spin are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of spins by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. The theoretical return to player of this game is 96% The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Intellectual Property © 2020 IGT. The trademarks and/or service marks used herein are either trademarks or registered trademarks of IGT, its affiliates or its licensors. Last updated 24 Apr 2020 Last modification date: 3/25/2021