Triple Hot Ice Enjoy classic 3-reel stepper gameplay in Triple Hot Ice ! Play up to 5 paylines with big win potential when Triple sub-symbols appear, where wins can multiply up to 27x! How to Bet Triple Hot Ice features 5 paylines. Bet Configuration Menu Press the cog or TOTAL BET to open the Bet Configuration menu. Lines Displays the current number of paylines selected. Press 1, 2, 3, 4, or 5 to select the number of paylines played. Total Bet Displays the current total bet shown in currency. Change by selecting the desired total bet. On desktop devices, optionally press the minus button (–) to decrease the total bet, or press the plus button (+) to increase the total bet. Press OK to confirm and close the Bet Configuration menu. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current total bet and number of paylines selected. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins and where available, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Multiplier Feature A Triple sub-symbol may appear on any symbol on the reels. Symbols containing a Triple sub-symbol substitute for their respective symbols without the Triple sub-symbol. If one symbol in a line win contains a Triple sub-symbol, that win is multiplied by 3x. If two symbols in a line win contain a Triple sub-symbol, that win is multiplied by 9x. If three symbols in a line win contain a Triple sub-symbol, that win is multiplied by 27x. Options All Sound Toggle game sounds on or off. Music Toggle music on or off. Sound Effects Toggle sound effects on or off. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far-left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the line bet on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there may be an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. Additional Information In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent, except in cases where one spin unlocks a feature for a subsequent spin or series of spins, per the game rules. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given spin of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next spin are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of spins by numerous players over an extended period of time. For this game, the long-term, theoretically expected payback is from 94.84% to 94.90% based on the number of active paylines. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. The expected payback value is also based upon correct player choices for any games which involve main game and/or bonus game play strategy. Last modification date: 1/3/2024