The Price is Right Come on Down Come on down! With 4 different games on one ticket, it’s your big chance to win in The Price is Right Come on Down! Match symbols to win prizes and you might be lucky enough to play the bonus games. Can you make it to the top of the mountain in Cliff Hangers? Or find a big multiplier when you spin the wheel in Showcase Showdown? Try your luck with your favourite game show! How to Bet Ticket Cost Displays the current ticket cost. Press the left arrow (-) to decrease the ticket cost. Press the right arrow (+) to increase the ticket cost. Press BUY to deduct the ticket cost from the balance and play the game. How to Play The object of The Price is Right Come on Down! is to reveal all the symbols on the base game. The base game is made up of four games: two rows in Game 1 and two rows in Game 2. Game 1: Reveal all three symbols in each row. Win the prize when all the symbols match. Game 2: Reveal all the symbols in each row. Win the prize when any of Your Symbols match Winning Symbols in that row. Bonus icons may appear in the base game. Complete the Cliff Hangers meter when 3 icons are revealed and play Cliff Hangers when the base game is finished. Reveal the Showcase Showdown icon to play Showcase Showdown at the end of the game. In Cliff Hangers; press the PLAY button to start the spinning reel. When the reel stops; the Yodeler climbs up the mountain the number of steps revealed on the reel. Win a prize when the Yodeler stops in a prize section. The reel continues to spin again as before until the Yodeler either stops at the top of the mountain or falls off it. All wins collected during the climb are awarded to the player. The Yodeler’s climb can be paused by pressing STOP. In Showcase Showdown, the Big Wheel is covered in multipliers. Spin the wheel. When the wheel stops, the multiplier it lands on is applied to the total win. Reveal All Press REVEAL ALL to quickly show all base game results. Any bonuses triggered are played through as normal. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. Instant wins are added to total winning prize values. Bonus game wins are added to base game wins. Showcase Showdown multipliers are applied to any base game or bonus game wins. Wins display as currency. Player choices made during gameplay do not affect the game’s outcome. Additional Information The theoretical return to player (RTP) is 89%. Last modification date: 12/31/2021