The Price Is Right It's time for your favorite game show! Spin for fabulous prizes and fantastic bonuses. Find the highest multiplier in Punch a Bunch to multiply your base game win by up to 20x. Three Bonus symbols trigger a spin of The Big Wheel for cash or one of two exciting games: Plinko awards 3 chips with mystery multipliers to drop down the board for guaranteed wins, while Cliff Hangers lets you keep spinning the reels with an increasing win multiplier until Yodely Guy reaches the 25x multiplier level at the top of the mountain. All this can be yours if... The Price is Right ! How to Bet The Price is Right features 25 paylines. Bet Configuration Menu (mobile/tablet games) Press the arrow to open the bet configuration menu. Press the check mark to confirm and close the bet configuration menu. Lines Displays the current number of paylines. Betting is fixed at 25 paylines. Line Bet Displays the current bet per line shown in currency. Total Bet Displays the current total bet shown in currency. Press the minus button (–) to decrease the total bet. Press the plus button (+) to increase the total bet. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current total bet. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Punch a Bunch Punch a Bunch may trigger before a winning base game spin. Make up to 4 punches on the Punch a Bunch board to reveal win multipliers from 2x to 20x. Choose to accept the revealed multiplier value or reject the value and pick again. If 3 offers have been rejected, the fourth offer is automatically awarded. Punch a Bunch ends when the 20x value is revealed, an offer is accepted, or after the fourth offer is automatically awarded. The multiplier value awarded multiplies all wins from the triggering spin. Punch a Bunch does not occur on a spin that triggers The Big Wheel Bonus . On the first offer, the optimal strategy is to accept if the offer is greater than 12x. On the second offer, the optimal strategy is to accept if the offer is 12x or greater. On the third offer, the optimal strategy is to: Accept if the offer is 12x or greater and the second offer was 10x or, Accept if the offer is 8x or greater and the first offer was 12x and the second offer was 10x or, Accept if the offer is 10x or greater. The Big Wheel Bonus The Big Wheel Bonus is triggered when three Bonus scatter symbols appear anywhere on reels 1, 3, and 5. These symbols are only found on reels 1, 3, and 5. Triggering The Big Wheel Bonus awards a spin of The Big Wheel which awards a multiplier or triggers Plinko or Cliff Hangers . If the wheel pointer stops on a multiplier value, the multiplier value times the total bet from the triggering spin is awarded. Plinko Plinko is triggered when the wheel lands on Plinko during The Big Wheel Bonus . Triggering Plinko awards three chips to drop onto the Plinko board. The first chip awards either a 1x or 2x multiplier. The second chip awards either a 2x or 3x multiplier. The third chip awards either a 3x or 5x multiplier. Select a chip and choose where to drop it at the top of the Plinko board. All choices have the same expected payback but may provide very different play experiences. Win the value corresponding to the slot where the chip landed, multiplied by the chip multiplier, and multiplied by the triggering line bet. The bonus ends after three rounds and all chips have been dropped. Cliff Hangers Cliff Hangers is triggered when the wheel lands on Cliff Hangers during The Big Wheel Bonus . Cliff Hangers awards free spins with an increasing win multiplier. Triggering Cliff Hangers awards 1 free spin and a 1x total win multiplier. After the first spin, Yodely Guy and the mountain appear over the reels. The mountain displays 25 steps, featuring multipliers from 1x through 25x. Yodely Guy climbs a random number of steps up the mountain to a larger win multiplier level and awards a random number of free spins at that multiplier level. When no more spins remain at the current multiplier level, Yodely Guy reappears over the reels to climb to a random multiplier level further up the mountain and awards a random number of free spins at that new multiplier level. The number of steps and free spins awarded depend on the current level of Yodely Guy. Current Multiplier Level Steps Awarded Spins Awarded 1x - 9x 1 - 10 steps 1 - 10 spins 10x - 20x 1 - 10 steps 1 - 5 spins 21x or higher 1 - 4 steps 1 - 3 spins The bonus continues in this way until Yodely Guy reaches 25x. When Yodely Guy reaches 25x, one last free spin is awarded with a 25x multiplier. Reels used in Cliff Hangers are different from the reels used in the base game. Free spins are played at the same line bet and same number of paylines as the triggering spin. RTP is 92.89% Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far-left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the line bet on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Only the highest scatter win is paid. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Scatter wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Bonus scatter symbol appears on reels 1, 3, and 5 in the base game only. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent, except in cases where one spin unlocks a feature for a subsequent spin or series of spins, per the game rules. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given spin of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next spin are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of spins by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. Intellectual Property The Price is Right: ®/© FremantleMedia 2019. © 2019 IGT. All rights reserved. All other trademarks used herein are owned by IGT or its affiliates, may not be used without permission, and where indicated with a ®, are registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000