The Monkey Prince Suit up in your golden armor and join the epic journey to the West in The Monkey Prince ! Collect colourful masks along the way and unlock exciting features that turn symbols and entire reels wild for magnificent wins. Trigger the Free Spins Bonus and choose your number of free spins and wild feature. The quest for great wealth begins! How To Bet Synchronised Reels Feature Blue Mask Meter: Random Wild Symbols Feature Red Mask Meter: Random Wild Reels Feature Gold Mask Meter: Random Surrounding Wild Symbol Feature Free Spins Bonus Options Rules Additional Information How To Bet The Monkey Prince features 60 paylines. TOTAL BET Displays the current bet value shown in currency. Press the button to reveal the Bet Menu and choose a bet amount. LINES Displays the current number of paylines selected. Betting is fixed at 60 paylines. SPIN Press SPIN to submit the bet and spin the reels. [ top ] Synchronised Reels Feature Each reel in The Monkey Prince includes large stacks of the same symbol. Before each spin, a reel set with one of the stacked symbols is randomly selected. Any symbol may appear in any stack, except the Bonus scatter symbol and the Mask symbols. The same symbol may appear in large stacks on multiple reels on the same spin. [ top ] Blue Mask Meter: Random Wild Symbols Feature Collect 5 Blue Mask symbols to activate the Random Wild Symbols feature. A meter to the left of the reels indicates how many Blue Mask symbols have been collected. When 5 or more Blue Masks have been collected, 3 or 4 random positions on the reels become Wild, and the Blue Mask meter resets. [ top ] Red Mask Meter: Random Wild Reels Feature Collect 5 Red Mask symbols to activate the Random Wild Reels feature. A meter to the left of the reels indicates how many Red Mask symbols have been collected. When 5 or more Red Masks have been collected, 1 to 5 entire reels randomly become Wild, and the Red Mask meter resets. [ top ] Gold Mask Meter: Random Surrounding Wild Symbol Feature Collect 5 Gold Mask symbols to activate the Random Surrounding Wild Symbol feature. A meter to the left of the reels indicates how many Gold Mask symbols have been collected. When 5 or more Gold Masks have been collected, 1 random position and all symbols surrounding it become Wild, and the Gold Mask meter resets. [ top ] Free Spins Bonus The Free Spins Bonus is triggered when 3 or more scattered Bonus symbols appear anywhere on the reels. When the bonus is triggered, select from one of three options. The options available depend on how many Bonus symbols appear on the reels when the bonus is triggered. 3 Bonus Symbols 4 Bonus Symbols 5 Bonus Symbols 25 Free Spins with 4 Random Wild Symbols 30 Free Spins with 4 Random Wild Symbols 50 Free Spins with 4 Random Wild Symbols 10 Free Spins with 2 Random Wild Reels 15 Free Spins with 2 Random Wild Reels 25 Free Spins with 2 Random Wild Reels 5 Free Spins with 1 Surrounding Wild Symbol 10 Free Spins with 1 Surrounding Wild Symbol 15 Free Spins with 1 Surrounding Wild Symbol During the Free Spins Bonus, the Bonus can be retriggered by 3 or more scattered Bonus symbols appear anywhere on the reels. In the event of retrigger, previous Free Spins will be completed before player is prompted to make NEW selections. The bonus can be retriggered multiple times, up to a maximum of 20 Player Decisions in the instance of a retrigger scenario. Free spins are played at same line bet and same number of paylines as the triggering game. [ top ] Options Sound Button Toggle sound on or off with this button. [ top ] Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the line bet on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Coinciding line wins starting with the leftmost reel are paid. Mask symbols appear in the base game only. Multiple Mask symbols can be collected on the same spin. If more Mask symbols are collected than can fit in the meter, the additional Mask symbols are not collected. Multiple Mask meters can be completed on the same spin and all earned features are awarded on that spin. Scatter Bonus symbol appears in the base game and in the Free Spins Bonus . There is a maximum of 5 symbols triggering the bonus on a single transaction. Wins are shown in currency. All applicable taxes and fees in connection with any winnings awarded to the player, and any other payments to the winning player are his/her sole responsibility. Winnings cannot be transferred, substituted, or redeemed for any other consideration. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the Free Spins Bonus , plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. [ top ] Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent, except in cases where one spin unlocks a feature for a subsequent spin or series of spins, per the game rules. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. Intellectual Property © 2017 IGT. All rights reserved. All other trademarks used herein are owned by IGT or its affiliates, may not be used without permission, and where indicated with a ®, are registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. Bet Range Min Bet : €0.6 Max Bet : €300 Last modification date: 5/5/2020