Triple Diamond Play the sensational 3-reel classic, where the path to riches is paved with diamonds. Authentic game play, just like Casinos worldwide. How to Bet Triple Diamond features 9 paylines. Bet Configuration Menu (mobile/tablet/mini games) Press the arrow to open the bet configuration menu. Press the check mark to confirm and close the bet configuration menu. Lines Displays the current number of paylines selected. Press the minus button (-) to decrease the number of paylines played. Press the plus button (+) to increase the number of paylines played. Line Bet Displays the current bet per line shown in currency. Press the minus button (-) to decrease the bet per line. Press the plus button (+) to increase the bet per line. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current line bet and number of paylines selected. For UK jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Auto Spin feature is not available in mini format. Special Wins Triple Diamond Wins Earn the top award when three Triple Diamond symbols land on a payline. If one or two Triple Diamond symbols land on a payline, these symbols match any other symbols on the payline. 3-symbol line wins with exactly one Triple Diamond symbol pay 3x the regular win amount. 3-symbol line wins with exactly two Triple Diamond symbol pay 9x the regular win amount. Two Triple Diamond symbols and a blank symbol on a payline pays 10x the line bet. One Triple Diamond symbol on a payline that does not form a 3-symbol line win pays 2x the line bet. Any-Bar Wins A result with a mixture of non-matching bar symbols is a winning outcome known as an Any-Bar win. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the line bet on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Wins are shown in currency. Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent except in cases where one spin unlocks a feature for a subsequent spin or series of spins, per the game rules. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. Intellectual Property © 2018 IGT. All rights reserved. All other trademarks used herein are owned by IGT or its affiliates, may not be used without permission, and where indicated with a ®, are registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. [ top ] Last modification date: 12/27/2021