Triple Cash Eruption Triple Cash Eruption How To Bet Bet Settings Menu Press the Coin Stacks Icon to open the Bet Settings menu. Coins Displays the current number of coins being played. Betting is fixed at 20 paylines. Coin Value Displays the current coin value shown in currency. Total Bet Displays the current total bet shown in currency. To change the bet, press the desired total bet in the Bet Settings menu, or by pressing the minus button (–) or the plus button (+) in the bet panel. Press the Checkmark to confirm and close the Bet Settings menu. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current total bet. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled, select the Auto Spin Button to open the Auto Spin settings to set up the following: Number of Auto Spins: press the minus button (–) or the plus button (+) to select the number of auto spins to play. Loss Limit: press the minus button (–) or the plus button (+) to select the value of the loss limit. Stop if a Single Win Reaches: press the minus button (–) or the plus button (+) to select the value of the maximum win. Press the Triangular Arrow Button to close the Auto Spin settings and start the auto spin feature with the currently selected bet and auto spin setup. Press the X Button to close the window without starting the feature. Press the Square Stop Auto Spin button to stop the feature at any time. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until the Square Stop Button is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Pattern Feature Earn a pattern win in the base game when all positions on reel 1 are filled with Red 7 symbols and all positions on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5 are filled with Wild symbols. Wild symbol does not substitute for Red 7 symbols in a pattern win. Line wins are not paid in addition to pattern win. Expanding Wild Feature After the reel spin in the base game, Wild symbols in any position on reels 2, 3, 4, or 5 expand vertically and transform all symbols on the reel into Wild symbols. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except the Red, Green, or Blue Fireball Scatter Symbols. Wins are evaluated after all transformations are complete. Wild symbols only expand if a winning combination is possible. Triple Cash Eruption Bonus During the base game, each Red, Green, or Blue Fireball Scatter Symbol in any position on the reels flies up to the Red Multiplier, Green Collect, or Blue Double Volcano, respectively. If a Fireball Symbol activates a Volcano, the Triple Cash Eruption Bonus begins with the corresponding feature active. The Triple Cash Eruption Bonus may be triggered with any combination of 1 to 3 active Volcano features simultaneously: Green and Blue: Combines Collect and Double Features Green and Red: Combines Collect and Multiplier Features Blue and Red: Combines Double and Multiplier Features Green, Blue, and Red: Combines Collect, Double, and Multiplier Features The Triple Cash Eruption Bonus awards 3 initial respins. Each Fireball Symbol that appears reveals either a cash prize or a Major, Minor, or Mini. All revealed prizes are locked in position for the remainder of the bonus. Every time a Fireball Symbol appears, the respin counter is reset to 3 respins remaining. During each respin, additional Fireball Symbols may appear, revealing further prize values or awards. Fill all 15 positions on the reels to win the Grand prize. Only 1 Grand prize may be awarded per bonus. With the Multiplier Feature active at the start of each respin a 2x, 3x, or 5x multiplier is revealed. Any Fireballs that land on that respin are multiplied by the current multiplier. With the Collect Feature active, each time a Green Collect Symbol lands, all Fireball Symbols on the reels are collected into the Collect Symbol. Any Fireballs on the reels remain locked on reels, including the Green Collect Symbol, which turns into a Fireball with the value of all collected Fireballs. The Green Collect Symbol only lands on the reels if at least 1 Fireball is on the reels. When the Collect and Multiplier Features, or the Collect, Multiplier, and Double Features are triggered together, a maximum of 2 Green Collect Symbols may appear in the bonus. No limit is applied to the number of Green Collect Symbols in any other combination. With the Double Feature active, the bonus is played with two sets of reels, each with 15 positions. Both reel sets will have their own independent respin count of 3 and play separately. The Grand prize can only be won once during this round. The Triple Cash Eruption Bonus continues until no respins remain or until all 15 reel positions are filled. Locked prizes are cumulative and are awarded in addition to any eligible Grand, Major, Minor, or Mini prize. Multiple Major, Minor, and Mini prizes may be awarded during the bonus. Reels used in the bonus are different from the reels used in the base game. The bonus is played at the same bet as the triggering spin. The Triple Cash Eruption Bonus cannot be retriggered. RTP : 94.30% Bonus Buy The Triple Cash Eruption Bonus may be purchased by paying 50x the total bet. Once purchased, the Triple Cash Eruption Bonus triggers with a random draw of 1, 2, or all 3 pots and their combinations. Paying 130x the total bet (Super Bonus Buy) triggers the Triple Cash Eruption Bonus with all 3 pots guaranteed. The Triple Cash Eruption Bonus is played as described above. Settings Sound Toggle game sounds on or off. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far-left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins shown are pre-multiplied for the current bet. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Only the highest scatter win is paid. Scatter wins shown are pre-multiplied for the current bet. Scatter wins are independent from line wins and are also added to the total amount paid. Bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. The Triple Cash Eruption Bonus is played on independent reels. All awards are scattered. No paylines are used. The size and animation of the Volcanoes have no effect on game play. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there may be an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining spins. Last modification date: 12/2/2025