Treasures of the Pyramids Treasures of the Pyramids What treasures do the pyramids hold? What riches are guarded by the mysterious panther? Unearth the secrets of the pyramids and discover what endless wealth and unlimited riches await! The two symbol-high Wild panther may reveal riches beyond your wildest imagination! Uncover the most sought after treasure, the bonus game with 8, 15, or 100 free games where most wins are doubled! How To Bet Auto Spin Feature Free Games Bonus Rules Additional Information How To Bet Treasures of the Pyramids features 40 paylines. LINE BET Displays the current bet per line shown in currency. Press the left arrow (–) to decrease the bet per line. Press the right arrow (+) to increase the bet per line. LINES Displays the current number of paylines selected. Press the left arrow (–) to decrease the number of paylines played. Press the right arrow (+) to increase the number of paylines played. SPIN Press to submit the bet and spin the reels. [ top ] Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of games at the current line bet. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many games to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of games until the STOP button is pressed, a bonus is triggered, or until the balance is insufficient to spin again. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. [ top ] Free Games Bonus The Free Games Bonus is triggered by three, four or five scattered Bonus symbols appearing anywhere on the reels. The amount of free games is described in the following table: Number of Bonus Symbols Free Games Awarded 3 8 4 15 5 100 During the Free Games Bonus all payline wins, except for 5 Wild, are double their base game value. The bonus can be retriggered when three, four or five scattered Bonus symbols appear anywhere on the reels. The amount of additional games is determined by the same table above. The bonus can be retriggered multiple times, up to a maximum of 600 free games per bonus. Free games are played at the same line bet as the triggering spin. [ top ] Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the line bet on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Only the highest scatter win is paid per scatter symbol. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Scatter wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. The reels contain stacks of symbols that are substituted for one randomly chosen symbol at the start of each spin. All stacked symbol positions on a reel are substituted by the same symbol. Only the highest win is paid. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the Free Games Bonus , plus the outcome which launched the bonus. [ top ] Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. Intellectual Property All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of IGT in the U.S. and/or other countries. © 2015 IGT. All rights reserved. Last modification date: 12/27/2021