The Wild Life Extreme The Wild Life Extreme Go on safari and join the hunt for exotic riches in The Wild Life Extreme ! The call of the Serengeti beckons with 5 paylines and the Expanding Wilds feature. You’ll roar for more when the Wild Symbol appears and turns the whole reel wild for the current spin! Enjoy 5 additional paylines in the Free Spins Bonus , where the Expanding Wild feature becomes the Sticky Wilds feature, keeping the reel wild for the rest of the bonus! How to Bet The Wild Life Extreme features 5 paylines in the base game and 10 paylines in the Free Spins Bonus . Bet Settings Menu Press the cog or TOTAL BET to open the Bet Settings menu. Coins Displays the current number of coins being played. Betting is fixed at 5 paylines in the base game. Coin Value Displays the current coin value shown in currency. Total Bet Displays the current total bet shown in currency. Change by selecting the desired total bet. On desktop devices, optionally press the minus button (–) to decrease the total bet or press the plus button (+) to increase the total bet. Press OK to confirm and close the Bet Settings menu. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current coin value. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins and where available, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Expanding/Sticky Wilds Feature The Expanding Wild Symbol appears only on reels 2, 3, and 4, and substitutes for all symbols except the Bonus Scatter Symbol. During the base game, each Wild Symbol that substitutes in a line win in any position on the same reel turns the entire reel wild. In the Free Spins Bonus , each time a Wild Symbol appears, the Expanding Wild reel becomes sticky, and stays wild for the duration of the bonus. Random Wilds Feature During any base game spin, the screen may shake and reveal 1 to 3 full reel wilds on reels 2 to 4. Free Spins Bonus The Free Spins Bonus is triggered when 3 or more Bonus Scatter Symbols appear anywhere on the reels. Number of Bonus Symbols Free Spins Awarded 3 10 4 15 5 20 Free spins are played on a 4x5 reel matrix with 10 paylines. The bonus cannot be retriggered. Reels used in the Free Spins Bonus are different from the reels used in the base game. Free spins are played at same coin value as the triggering spin. Options All Sound Toggle game sounds on or off. Sound Effects Toggle sound effects on or off. Music Toggle music on or off. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far-left reel or the far-right reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the coin value on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. 5 of a Kind wins are only paid once. Bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Wild Symbol appears on reels 2, 3, and 4 in the base game and the Free Spins Bonus . Wild Symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols except Bonus Scatter Symbol in the base game. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there may be an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. Last modification date: 1/19/2024