Treasures of Troy Enjoy unprecedented levels of slot action with 40 paylines plus 1024 additional ways to win! Bet 40 coins to activate 40 paylines; gain 1024 more ways to win for only 40 coins more. With twenty independent reels, you can reap big clusters of matching symbols. Get two or more Bonus symbols and storm the city of Troy in the Free Spins Bonus . Enjoy 10, 15, or 20 free spins on extra-rich bonus reels with the opportunity to retrigger the bonus multiple times. How to Bet Auto Spin Feature MultiWay Feature --> Free Spins Bonus Rules Additional Information How to Bet Treasures of Troy features 40 paylines plus 1024 Ways. Each payline costs 1 coin. Activate 1024 Ways by betting 40 additional coins. Bet Configuration Menu (mobile/tablet/mini games) Press the arrow to open the bet configuration menu. Press the check mark to confirm and close the bet configuration menu. Lines + 1024 Ways Displays the current number of paylines selected and whether 1024 Ways are activated. Press the minus button (-) to decrease the number of paylines played and to disable 1024 Ways. Press the plus button (+) to increase the number of paylines played and to activate 1024 Ways. Choose between 1, 10, 20, 40 paylines, or 40 paylines plus 1024 Ways activated. 1024 Ways may only be activated when playing 40 paylines. Coin Value Displays the current coin value shown in currency. Press the minus button (-) to decrease the coin value. Press the plus button (+) to increase the coin value. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. [ top ] Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current coin value and number of paylines selected and Ways selected. For UK jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Auto Spin feature is not available in mini format. [ top ] MultiWay Feature With the MultiWay feature, there are 1024 ways to win on every spin. MultiWay wins pay for matching symbols in any position in adjacent columns, starting from the leftmost column. More than one matching symbol in the same column multiplies the award. The Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except for Bonus symbols. Only the highest paying MultiWay win for each symbol is paid per spin. Example of a MultiWay payout: The following diagram shows a sample reel outcome using the Queen symbol. Because there is at least one Queen or Wild symbol in each of the first four columns, the player has won the 4 Queen MultiWay win which pays 10 coins per way. Payout example: 1 x 2 x 3 x 1 Queens → 6 winning ways: Column 1 Column 2 Column 3 Column 4 Column 5 Wild Queen Queen Wild Wild Wild Wild 1 Queen 2 Queens 3 Queens 1 Queen To determine the payout for this combination: Count the number of Queen and Wild symbols in each column. Calculate the total number of winning ways (1 x 2 x 3 x 1 = 6). Multiply the number of ways by the 4 Queen symbol win (6 x 10 = 60). The win is 60 coins. The actual amount won in currency is based on the coin value. [ top ] Free Spins Bonus The Free Spins Bonus is triggered when two or more Bonus symbols appear anywhere on the centre column. Bonus symbols are only found on column 3. Number of Bonus Symbols Free Spins Awarded 4 20 3 15 2 10 The reels in the Free Spins Bonus are richer than the base game reels. The Free Spins Bonus is retriggered when two or more Bonus symbols appear anywhere on the centre column. Bonus symbols are only found on column 3. Number of Bonus Symbols Additional Free Spins Awarded 4 20 3 15 2 10 The bonus can be retriggered multiple times, up to a maximum of 130 free spins per bonus. Reels used in the Free Spins Bonus are different from the reels used in the base game. Free spins are played at same coin value, same number of paylines and, if activated, Ways as the triggering spin. [ top ] Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive columns, beginning with the far left column. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the coin value on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. MultiWay wins (only available when 1024 ways activated) are independent from payline wins and are also added to the total amount paid. MultiWay wins pay for the same symbol in any position in adjacent columns. Same symbol in the same column multiplies win. MultiWay wins pay left to right, beginning with the far left column. Only the highest paying MultiWay win for each symbol is paid per spin. Coinciding MultiWay wins from different symbols are added. MultiWay wins are multiplied by the coin value. Wild symbol appears on columns 2, 3, 4, and 5 in the base game. Wild symbol appears on columns 2, 3, 4, and 5 in the Free Spins Bonus . Bonus wins are independent from payline and MultiWay wins and are added to the total amount paid. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of any triggered bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. [ top ] Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent, except in cases where one spin unlocks a feature for a subsequent spin or series of spins, per the game rules. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. RTP : 95.03% Intellectual Property © 2018 IGT. All rights reserved. All other trademarks used herein are owned by IGT or its affiliates, may not be used without permission, and where indicated with a ®, are registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. [ top ] Last modification date: 12/27/2021