Tiger and Dragon - Cash on Reels 1. Overview The goal is to obtain a winning combination on a winning way spread across the reels. Game specifications : Type Slots Number of reels 5 Number of rows 3 8 in Dragon Bonus & Tiger and Dragon Bonus Number of ways 243 Ways Number of coins you can bet 75, 100, 150, 250, 500, 750, 1000, 1500, 2000, 3000, 6000, 9000 Progressive No Double feature No Auto spin feature Yes Wild symbols No Multiplier symbols No Scatter symbols Yes (Tiger, Dragon & Gong symbols) Bonus round Yes Bonus s pins Yes Instant win No RTP Normal game: 94.00% Bonus Buy: 94.25% Super Bonus Buy: 94.35% The game disconnects if you do not take any actions for a specific number of consecutive minutes (this number varies depending on jurisdiction); the session recovery feature will save the game progress so that the next time the game is loaded, you can continue where you left off. In the event of technical difficulties resulting in a dropped connection to the game server, the game you were playing is saved automatically and will load the next time you establish a connection to the game server. You will not be able to reconnect to the game server for the first 30 seconds after the disconnection. Note : In case of malfunction all pays and play are voided; any bet that was not yet accepted will be voided, any bet that was unsettled will be refunded. 2.1. Desktop version To play, follow these steps: Click on the main screen, and then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value. Click to save the settings and return to the main screen. Note: The total BET is displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). Click to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won will be shown in the WIN field from the info bar, in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 2.2. Mobile version To play, follow these steps: Tap on the main screen, then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value. Tap to save the settings and return to the main screen. Note: The total BET is displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won will be shown in the WIN field from the info bar, in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. To toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 3. Special Symbols and Features 3.1. Gong symbols Any 2 or more horizontally adjacent Gong symbols will link together to form a payout. Each Gong symbol appearing in any position on the reels reveals a value of 1 to 99 or an Arrow symbol. The values on the Gongs and the frequency of the Arrows increase with higher bets. 3.2. Tiger & Dragon symbols 3 x Tiger symbols or 3 x Dragon symbols will trigger the corresponding Bonus round. Any combination of 5 or more Tige r & Dragon symbols will trigger the Tiger & Dragon Bonus . 3.3. Tiger Bonus 3 Tiger symbols in any position on the reels trigger the Tiger Bonus . If 1 or 2 Tiger symbols appear in any position on the reels, the Tiger Bonus may be randomly awarded. When the Tiger Bonus is triggered, 3 Spins are awarded. Each unlocked symbol position is a separate reel during the bonus. Only Gong symbols are available during the bonus. After each spin, Gong symbols appearing on one or more unlocked reels reset the number of spins remaining to 3. All Gong symbols lock for the remainder of the bonus. If all reels lock, any remaining spins are not played. When 0 spins remain or all reels lock, each Gong symbol appearing in a cluster of 2 or more horizontally adjacent reels reveals a value of 1 to 99 or an Arrow symbol. Only 1 double digit value or 1 Arrow symbol may appear in a cluster of 5 Gong symbols. Up to 3 Arrow symbols or 2 double digit values may appear in a cluster of 4 Gong symbols. Arrow symbols cannot appear in the leftmost position of a cluster. Each Arrow symbol appearing in a cluster transforms into 0 and increases the leftmost value in the cluster by a value of 1 to 90. After all transformations are complete, the value displayed in each cluster is won, read as a single value from left to right and multiplied by the Coin Value of 0.01. The total bonus win is awarded and the Tiger Bonus ends. Different reels are used during the Tiger Bonus . Reels are determined at the start of each bonus spin. 3.4. Dragon Bonus 3 Dragon symbols in any position on the reels trigger the Dragon Bonus . If 1 or 2 Dragon symbols appear in any position on the reels, the Dragon Bonus may be randomly awarded. When the Dragon Bonus is triggered, 1 Spin is awarded. Each unlocked symbol position is a separate reel during the bonus. Only Gong symbols are available during the bonus. After the spin, each Gong symbol appearing in a cluster of 2 or more horizontally adjacent reels reveals a value of 1 to 99 or an Arrow symbol. Only 1 double digit value or 1 Arrow symbol may appear in a cluster of 5 Gong symbols. Up to 3 Arrow symbols or 2 double digit values may appear in a cluster of 4 Gong symbols. Arrow symbols cannot appear in the leftmost position of a cluster. Each Arrow symbol appearing in a cluster transforms into 0 and increases the leftmost value in the cluster by a value of 1 to 90. After all transformations are complete, the value displayed in each cluster is won, read as a single value from left to right and multiplied by the Coin Value of 0.01. The total bonus win is awarded and the Dragon Bonus ends. Different reels are used during the Dragon Bonus . Reels are determined at the start of each spin. 3.5. Tiger & Dragon Bonus Any combination of 5 Tiger symbols and Dragon symbols in any position on the reels triggers the Tiger & Dragon Bonus . If 1 or 2 Tiger symbols and 1 or 2 Dragon symbols appear in any position on the reels, the Tiger & Dragon Bonus may be randomly awarded. When the Tiger and Dragon Bonus is triggered, 3 Spins are awarded. At the start of the bonus, rows 1 to 3 are unlocked. Each unlocked symbol position is a separate reel during the bonus. Only Gong symbols are available during the bonus. Collect the number of required Gong symbols displayed on a locked row to unlock that row: a total of 6 Gong symbols in unlocked rows unlocks row 4 a total of 9 Gong symbols in unlocked rows unlocks row 5 a total of 14 Gong symbols in unlocked rows unlocks row 6 a total of 19 Gong symbols in unlocked rows unlocks row 7 a total of 25 Gong symbols in unlocked rows unlocks row 8 If Gong symbols appear on one or more unlocked reels in unlocked rows after a spin, the number of spins remaining resets to 3, the number of Gong symbols appearing on unlocked reels in unlocked rows are collected in each lock meter, and all symbol positions containing Gong symbols in all rows lock for the remainder of the bonus. If the required number of Gong symbols have been collected for a row, that row is unlocked for that spin and the remainder of the bonus. If a total of 32 Gong symbols appear in unlocked rows, the Jackpot is awarded. When 0 spins remain or all reels lock, each Gong symbol appearing in a cluster of 2 or more horizontally adjacent reels reveals a value of 1 to 99 or an Arrow symbol. If all reels lock, any remaining spins are not played. Only 1 double digit value or 1 Arrow symbol may appear in a cluster of 5 Gong symbols. Up to 3 Arrow symbols or 2 double digit values may appear in a cluster of 4 Gong symbols. Arrow symbols cannot appear in the leftmost position of a cluster. Each Arrow symbol appearing in a cluster transforms into 0 and increases the leftmost value in the cluster by a value of 1 to 90. After all transformations are complete, the value displayed in each cluster is won, read as a single value from left to right and multiplied by the Coin Value of 0.01. The total bonus win is awarded and the Tiger & Dragon Bonus ends. Different reels are used during the Tiger & Dragon Bonus . Reels are determined at the start of each spin. 3.6. Cash on reels feature After each base game spin, each Gong symbol appearing in any position on the reels reveals a value of 1 to 99 or an Arrow symbol. After the reel spin of any base game that does not award ways wins, the Mystery Gong feature may be randomly awarded. If the Mystery Gon g feature is awarded, 1 or more Gong symbols are placed on the reels and reveal a value of 1 to 99 or an Arrow symbol. Gong symbols will not be placed on symbol positions containing Gong symbols, Dragon symbols, or Tiger symbols. Only 1 double digit value or 1 Arrow symbol may appear in a cluster of 5 Gong symbols. Up to 3 Arrow symbols or 2 double digit values may appear in a cluster of 4 Gong symbols. Arrow symbols cannot appear in the leftmost position of a cluster. Each Arrow symbol appearing in a cluster transforms into 0 and increases the leftmost value in the cluster by a value of 1 to 90. After all transformations are complete, the value displayed in each cluster of 2 or more horizontally adjacent Gong symbols is won, read as a single value from left to right and multiplied by the Coin Value of 0.01. 3.7. Mystery Gong After any base game spin that does not award ways wins, the Mystery Gong feature may be randomly awarded. If the Mystery Gong feature is awarded, between 1 and 12 gongs are placed on the reels and each one reveals a value of 1 to 99 or an arrow symbol. Gongs will not be placed on symbol positions containing Gong symbols, Dragon symbols, or Tiger symbols. The number of small gongs shown in the Mystery Gong is purely visual and has no effect on game play. Whenever you land 5 or more gongs that are not in a horizontal cluster, those gongs are collected and appear on the mystery gong. For every qualifying set of 5 or more, one gong is visually added to the Mystery Gong . Once the Mystery Gong has reached the maximum of 8 added gongs, the collection behavior remains the same - 5 or more inidual gongs are still collected - but no additional gongs will be visually added to the Mystery Gong beyond that point. 3.8. Bonus Buy Buy the Bonus for 50x stake guaranteed entry into Tiger Bonus , Dragon Bonus or Tiger & Dragon Bonus . Buy the Bonus for 100x stake for guaranteed entry into the Tiger and Dragon Bonus . 4. Other game buttons 4.1. Desktop version The following buttons are available: Click this button to toggle the game sound on or off. Click this button to open the PAYOUTS tab, where you can view several screens: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in either credit or your real currency - to toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area. information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts, or specific awards; the game lines and basic game rules. To navigate among the various screens in the PAYOUTS tab, click on the left and right arrows at the bottom of the screen. RULES In the last of the screens from the PAYOUTS tab, click this button to view detailed game rules, in a new browser window. (in real mode only) This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Click on it to view the gameplay history, in a new browser window. This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Click on it to close the game and to open the home website, in the same browser window. (available while the reels are spinning) Click this button to stop the reels earlier. (available during winning animations) Click this button to skip the winning animations. (available only for specific jurisdictions) Click this button to activate Turbo mode. The Turbo mode speeds up the gameplay - the spin time is reduced to a minimum. 4.2. Mobile version The following buttons are available: Tap this button to toggle the game sound on or off. Tap this button to open the PAYOUTS tab, where you can view several screens: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in either credit or your real currency - to toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area. information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts, or specific awards; the game lines and basic game rules. To navigate among the various screens in the PAYOUTS tab, tap on the left and right arrows at the bottom of the screen. RULES In the last of the screens from the PAYOUTS tab, tap this button to view detailed game rules, in a new browser window. (in real mode only) This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap on it to view the gameplay history in a new browser window. This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap on it to close the game and to open the home website, in the same browser window. (available while the reels are spinning) Tap this button to stop the reels earlier. (available during winning animations) Tap this button to skip the winning animations. (available only for specific jurisdictions) Tap this button to activate Turbo mode. The Turbo mode speeds up the gameplay - the spin time is reduced to a minimum. index 5. AUTO SPIN FEATURE The loss limit setting allows stopping the auto spin feature automatically when the selected limit, plus your cumulative winnings, and minus your cumulative bets, is less than 0. 5.1. Desktop version Click the AUTO SPIN button to open the AUTO SPIN settings window where you can set up the following: Number of auto spins: click + or - to select the number of auto spins to play. Loss limit: click + or - to select the value of the loss limit; Stop if a win reaches: click + or - to select the value of the maximum win; Stop if JACKPOT is won (only for games with Progressive Jackpots): to enable this setting, tick the checkbox; to disable it, remove the tick. Click the ACTIVATE button to close the AUTO SPIN settings window and to start the auto spin feature with the currently selected bet and auto spin setup. Click the CLOSE button to close the window without starting the auto spin feature. Click the STOP AUTO SPIN button to stop the auto spin feature at any time. 5.2. Mobile version Tap the AUTO SPIN button to open the AUTO SPIN settings window where you can set up the following: Number of auto spins: tap + or - to select the number of auto spins to play. Loss limit: tap + or - to select the value of the loss limit; Stop if a win reaches: tap + or - to select the value of the maximum win; Stop if JACKPOT is won (only for games with Progressive Jackpots): to enable this setting, tick the checkbox; to disable it, remove the tick. Tap the ACTIVATE button to close the SPIN settings window and to start the auto spin feature with the currently selected bet and auto spin setup. Tap the CLOSE button to close the window without starting the auto spin feature. Tap the STOP AUTO SPIN button to stop the auto spin feature at any time. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Last modification date: 9/30/2025