Triple Red Hot 7’s Classic three reel gameplay is still on fire -- and with a 3x Wild Multiplier, Triple Red Hot 7s is fanning the flames! Spitfire Multipliers in the bonus game multiply wins by as much as 7x. When a 3x Wild Multiplier enters the fray, that's some sizzling action! How To Bet Auto Spin Feature 3x Wild Multipliers Spitfire Multipliers and the Free Games Bonus Options Rules Additional Information How To Bet Triple Red Hot 7s Free Games features 5 paylines. LINE BET Displays the current bet per line shown in currency. Press the left arrow (–) to decrease the bet per line. Press the right arrow (+) to increase the bet per line. LINES Displays the current number of paylines selected. Press the left arrow (–) to decrease the number of paylines played. Press the right arrow (+) to increase the number of paylines played. SPIN Press to submit the bet and spin the reels. [ top ] Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of games at the current line bet and number of paylines selected. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN, and choose how many games to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of games until the STOP button is pressed, a bonus is triggered, or the balance is insufficient to spin again. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. [ top ] 3x Wild Multipliers Each reel is loaded with a Wild Multiplier Symbol that boosts the payout. Wins for outcomes with one 3x Wild Multiplier Symbol and two matching non-wild symbols are multiplied by 3. Wins for outcomes with two 3x Wild Multiplier Symbols and one matching non-wild symbol are multiplied by 9. [ top ] Spitfire Multipliers and the Free Games Bonus Trigger the Free Games Bonus by getting a scatter Bonus Symbol on each reel in any position. Triggering the Free Games Bonus awards 7 free spins. Retrigger the Free Games Bonus by getting a scatter Bonus Symbol on each reel in any position during free spins. The bonus can be retriggered multiple times, up to a maximum of 700 free spins per bonus. During each free spin, a Spitfire Multiplier valued between 2x and 7x is awarded. Wins, except for a line win that includes 3 3x Multiplier Symbols, are multiplied by the awarded multiplier value. Free spins are played at same line bet and same number of paylines as the triggering spin. [ top ] Options Graphics Quality Adjust the quality of the graphics to get the optimal animation performance. BEST mode - Highest quality graphics, but performance may suffer. HIGH mode (default) - Balanced graphics and performance setting. MEDIUM mode - Lower quality but increased performance. LOW mode - Minimal graphics, but smoothest animation performance is achieved even on slower computers. Reel Spin Audio Enable or disable the classic slot machine music that plays while the reels are spinning. This setting has no effect when all game audio is disabled. [ top ] Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the line bet on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Only the highest scatter win is paid per scatter symbol. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Scatter wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Wins are shown in currency. Regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the Free Spins Bonus plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the Free Spins Bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. [ top ] Additional information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. The theoretical return to player of this game is 96.13% The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Intellectual Property All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of IGT in the U.S. and/or other countries. © 2015 IGT. All rights reserved. [ top ] Last modification date: 9/28/2021