The Big Easy Set your toes a-tappin’ and let the good times roll when you immerse yourself in the sonorous tunes of The Big Easy! This game showcases New Orleans jazz at its finest, with melodious big wins as the featured act. Trigger the Free Spins Bonusand select a jazz club for a number of snazzy free spins. Then, choose an instrument and wail away with a win-boosting multiplier for the duration of the bonus. The hits are hot and don’t stop until the big wins bring it home in The Big Easy! How To Bet Free Spins Bonus Rules Additional Information [ top ] How To Bet The Big Easy features 20 paylines. LINES Displays the current number of paylines selected. Betting is fixed at 20 paylines. TOTAL BET Displays the current bet value shown in currency. Press to reveal the Bet Menu and choose your bet amount. SPIN Press the circular arrow button to submit the bet and spin the reels. [ top ] Free Spins Bonus When the Free Spins Bonus is triggered (by getting 3, 4, or 5 The Big Easy symbols on consecutive reels), the player is taken to a two-part picker screen. First, the player need to choose a Jazz Club to determine the number of free spins awarded. Then need to choose an Instrument to determine wins multiplier for the duration of the bonus. The number of free spins and the range of multipliers offered depends on the amount of The Big Easy symbols that triggered the bonus, and is presented in the table below: Number of Bonus Symbols Number of spins Multipliers 3 Bonus Symbols 8, 10, or 15 free spins 2x, 3x, or 4x multiplier 4 Bonus Symbols 16, 18, or 20 free spins 5x, 6x, or 10x multiplier 5 Bonus Symbols 22, 24, or 25 free spins 7x, 8x, or 10x multiplier After the player completes both picks, the Free Spins Bonus plays out automatically until the awarded number of free spins are complete. During free spins, no funds are wagered, but the player is still eligible for the same wins possible during the base game. All reel sets, symbols, and animations are the same as in the base game. The Free Spins Bonus can be retriggered multiple times. Maximum number of free spins is 525. If the number of free spins awarded is greater than 500 and the trigger combination appears again no more free spins will be awarded. [ top ] Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the line bet on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. A scatter win is awarded when 3, 4, or 5 Moon symbols appear anywhere on the reels. When triggered, all onscreen Moon symbols animate and display text reading “SCATTER” . The Moon scatter symbol does NOT trigger the bonus. Only the highest scatter win is paid per scatter symbol. Scatter wins are multiplied by 4x, 11x, or 20x the total bet. Bonus wins and scatter wins are independent from line wins and are also added to the total amount paid. Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except the Scatter symbol. Wins are shown in currency. Regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the Free Spins Bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. [ top ] Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent, except in cases where one spin unlocks a feature for a subsequent spin or series of spins, per the game rules. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. Intellectual Property All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of IGT in the U.S. and/or other countries. © 2017 IGT. All rights reserved. All other trademarks used herein are owned by IGT or its affiliates, may not be used without permission, and where indicated with a ®, are registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. [ top ] Last modification date: 12/27/2021