Ultimate X Triple Play Draw Poker Ultimate X Triple Play Draw Poker Simultaneously play multiple hands of the nine hottest Video Poker paytables with the explosive Ultimate X feature that multiplies future rewards with every winning hand. 9 Video Poker Paytables in 1 Game Play Multiple Hands Ultimate X Feature How to Play Video Poker Outcome Types Wild Cards See Pays/Options Rules Additional Information 9 Video Poker Paytables in 1 Game Ultimate X Triple Play Draw Poker provides a rich selection of the most popular video poker paytables: Jacks or Better The most well-known version of Video Poker. Wins start with a pair of Jacks. Bonus Poker Higher 4-of-a-Kind pays for low-cards and Aces. Bonus Poker Deluxe Simplest of the higher volatility games with higher wins on all 4-of-a-Kind hands. Double Bonus Poker Three groups of even bigger 4-of-a-Kind wins. Double Double Bonus Poker Additional 4-of-a-Kind win groups with kickers make this a popular high-volatility choice. Triple Double Bonus Poker Highest volatility game with 4-of-a-Kind kickers that can pay as much as a Royal Flush. Deuces Wild All 2s are wild, offering loads of action in this wildly popular game. Deuces Wild Bonus All 2s are wild, plus special 4-of-a-Kind and 5-of-a-Kind wins. Joker Poker A wild Joker added to the deck opens up new ways to win. [ top ] Play Multiple Hands Ultimate X Triple Play Draw Poker offers three hands of Video Poker action with each play. Press DEAL to start the game. Hold any or all of the five face-up cards in the bottom hand by clicking on them or using the keyboard shortcuts 1, 2, 3, 4, and/or 5. Held cards appear face-up in all three hands. Press DRAW to receive replacement cards in all active hands. Replacement cards are dealt from one separate deck for each hand, excluding the five initially dealt cards. Winning hands are then paid according to the paytable. Win amounts are paid based on the ending hand. [ top ] Ultimate X Feature In addition to traditional multi-hand poker action, the Ultimate X feature adds high volatility excitement. Earn award multipliers for each winning hand that are applied to wins received in the next game. The outcome of the winning hand determines the multiplier, up to 12x for certain paytables. Enable the Ultimate X feature via the BONUS button, causing a side bet equal to the main bet to be placed. A multiplier earned on a given hand position is applied to the same hand position only on the next play of the same paytable at the same bet amount. For cash play, an earned multiplier persists until played, even between play sessions weeks apart. The Ultimate X feature can be turned on and off by clicking the BONUS button in between games. Turning the Ultimate X feature off does not remove any previously-won multipliers that were awarded while the Ultimate X feature was turned on. For example, here is a sample multiplier table for Jacks or Better: Hand Multiplier Royal Flush 2X Straight Flush 2X 4 of a Kind 2X Full House 12X Flush 11X Straight 7X 3 of a Kind 4X 2 Pair 3X Jacks or Better 2X Each paytable's multipliers can be found in the See Pays menu for that game. [ top ] How To Play In Video Poker, the goal is to build the best hand possible relative to the paytable. Paytable Selection: Press the desired Video Poker paytable button on the paytable selection screen. Press the MORE GAMES button within a game to return to paytable selection screen. Betting: Three hands of Video Poker are played in each game. "BET PER HAND" shown at the bottom of the screen indicates the bet placed on each hand. All hands are played at the same "BET PER HAND". "TOTAL BET" shown below the first hand indicates the total bet covering all hands. Ways to BET UP: Press the BET UP button Press the RIGHT ARROW key Press the UP ARROW key Ways to BET DOWN: Press the BET DOWN button Press the LEFT ARROW key Press the DOWN ARROW key Ways to HOLD/UNHOLD: Press one card at a time Press and drag across cards Press keys 1, 2, 3, 4, and/or 5 To activate/deactivate the Ultimate X Feature: Press the BONUS button Ways to DEAL: Press the DEAL button Press the SPACE bar (enable in Options) Ways to DRAW: Press the DRAW button Press the SPACE bar (enable in Options) Ways to SKIP award rollups or speed up card draw animations: Press the SKIP button Press the SPACE bar (enable in Options) [ top ] Video Poker Outcome Types Hand Description Example Royal Flush 10, J, Q, K, A of one suit 10S–JS–QS–KS–AS Straight Flush 5 cards of consecutive ranks in one suit AC–2C–3C–4C–5C 5 of a Kind 5 cards of one rank Wild–8C–8D–8H–8S 4 of a Kind 4 cards of one rank 9C–9D–9S–9H–3C Full House 3 cards of one rank, 2 cards of another rank AH–AC–AS–8D–8H Flush 5 cards of one suit 8H–9H–2H–JH–AH Straight 5 cards of consecutive ranks 3H–4H–5S–6D–7D 3 of a Kind 3 cards of one rank 6S–6D–6C–AD–JC 2 Pair 2 cards of one rank, 2 cards of another rank 9D–9H–7H–7S–4D Kings or Better 2 cards of one rank (K, or A) KD–KC–5C–4S–2H Jacks or Better 2 cards of one rank (J, Q, K, or A) JD–JC–9H–8C–2S Notes: Card order does not matter. Ace can be treated as lowest rank to complete a straight (e.g. A-2-3-4-5). Ace can be treated as highest rank to complete a straight (e.g. 10-J-Q-K-A). 5 of a Kind requires at least 1 Wild card in the hand. Only highest paying outcome paid per hand. Different paytables can have different minimum rankings for which prizes are paid (e.g. the lowest winning outcome in Deuces Wild is 3 of a Kind). [ top ] Wild Cards Some paytables are based on the use of one or more wild cards: In Deuces Wild and Deuces Wild Bonus , each of the four cards with the rank of '2' is wild. In Joker Poker , the single Joker card added to each deck in each game is wild. A given wild card can substitute for any other card to form the highest paying outcome. In Deuces Wild and Deuces Wild Bonus , the wild can be evaluated as a regular '2' if that maximizes the outcome (e.g. for the hand AC-2H-3C-4C-5C, the wild card is evaluated as a 2C in order to form a Straight Flush – the highest outcome possible for that hand). Certain paytables pay a different award amount for a Royal Flush based on whether or not the hand contains any wild cards – see paytable for details. Dealt wild cards are not automatically held. A given wild card in the deck is equally as likely to be dealt as any other remaining card. [ top ] See Pays / Options Press the SEE PAYS button on the bottom of the game screen to access: Options Award pay information Game play information PAYTABLE The paytable indicates the value for each winning outcome. The values are shown in currency and for each available bet amount. When initially loaded, the paytable page highlights the wins associated with the current bet amount. To see wins for other bet sizes, press the UP button or the DOWN button. Changing the example bet size in the paytable screen does not change the active wager. OPTIONS Graphics Quality Select different quality settings to optimize gameplay experience. Speed Select speed of deal and draw animations. Deal/Draw/Skip on Space Enable or disable use of the SPACE bar to deal and draw cards, to skip award rollups, and to speed through card draw animations. Change Background Colour Change the background colour of the game. [ top ] Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. Cards are dealt from one deck of 52 standard playing cards per hand, shuffled for each game. For Joker Poker only, cards are dealt from one deck of 52 standard playing cards, plus one Joker. Only the highest winner is paid per hand. Wins from two or more hands are added to the total amount paid. If a natural Royal Flush (no wild cards) is dealt on the initial deal, all cards are automatically held, and the Royal Flush win is paid for all hands. If any other winning hand is dealt on the initial deal, no cards are automatically held. Wins are shown in currency and are based on the size of the Bet Per Hand. Earned multipliers only apply to the paytable and bet amount at which they were originally earned. For cash play, earned multipliers persist until played. The first time a given paytable is played with the Ultimate X feature enabled at a specific bet amount, all active multipliers are effectively 1X. [ top ] Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, all cards come from a fair deck that has been randomly shuffled. Thus every card remaining in a given deck is equally likely to be the next card dealt. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The SEE PAYS associated with each Video Poker paytable displays the expected payback for that specific paytable. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. The expected payback value is also based upon correct player choices for any game that involves main game and/or bonus game play strategy. Transaction History Outcomes of prior cash-play hands available in player history indicate: Per-hand wager Total amount wagered per game (all hands combined) Initial 5 cards dealt to base hand Cards held in all hands Final cards for each hand Award type / win amount for each winning hand (if any) Total win amount (if any) per game In the case of a dealt Royal Flush that is automatically held and awarded, the Transaction History only shows: Total wager Initial 5 cards dealt to base hand Total win amount The base hand, which is the bottom hand on the playfield, is labelled Hand 1. Remaining hands are labelled based on position and deal order, from bottom to top and from left to right. Intellectual Property All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of IGT and/or its licensors in the U.S. and/or other countries. © 2014 IGT. All rights reserved. Last modification date: 8/31/2017