1421 Voyages of Zheng He Set sail on a voyage with the legendary explorer Admiral Zheng He. Take helm of your expedition for riches by choosing 1 of 4 different bonus games in the Player Decision Feature. Try the Cup Feature for a 1 in 3 chance to uncover a monumental win, or play 1 of the 3 Free Spins Bonuses with a random multiplier on each spin! How To Bet Auto Spin Feature Player Decision Feature Cup Feature Free Spins Bonus Rules Additional Information How To Bet 1421 Voyages of Zheng He features up to 88 paylines. LINE BET Displays the current bet per line shown in currency. Press the left arrow (–) to decrease the bet per line. Press the right arrow (+) to increase the bet per line. LINES Displays the current number of paylines selected. Press the left arrow (–) to decrease the number of paylines played. Press the right arrow (+) to increase the number of paylines played. SPIN Press to submit the bet and spin the reels. [ top ] Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current line bet. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until the STOP button is pressed, a bonus is triggered, or the balance is insufficient to spin again. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. [ top ] Player Decision Feature The Player Decision is a picker that allows the player to choose one of the following features: Cup Feature 20 Free Spins with random multipliers 3x, 2x, or 1x 15 Free Spins with random multipliers 5x, 2x, or 1x 10 Free Spins with random multipliers 8x, 2x, or 1x The Player Decision is triggered when 3 Bonus scatter symbols appear anywhere on the reels in the base game. [ top ] Cup Feature When the player enters the Cup Feature, a golden ball is hidden under 1 of the cups. The cups are then shuffled. After the cups are shuffled, select 1 cup. If the golden ball appears under the selected cup, a win of the Cup Feature's multiplier times the triggering total bet is paid. See paytable for details. If nothing appears under the selected cup, the player does not win a prize in the Cup Feature. [ top ] Free Spins Bonus The Free Spins Bonus starts with a picker that allows the player to choose 1 of the following awards: 20 Free Spins with random multipliers 3x, 2x, or 1x 15 Free Spins with random multipliers 5x, 2x, or 1x 10 Free Spins with random multipliers 8x, 2x, or 1x The Free Spins Bonus is retriggered when 3 Bonus scatter symbols appear anywhere on the centre reels in the Free Spins Bonus . Each Free Spins Bonus retrigger allows the player to choose the number of additional free spins and the set of random multipliers for the additional Free Spins Bonus round. The Free Spins Bonus can be retriggered up to 20 times for a maximum of 400 spins. Free spins are played automatically at the same line bet and on the same lines as the base game. The bonus ends when 0 free spins remain or after 400 free spins have been played. Different reels are used during the free spins. [ top ] Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the line bet on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Only the highest scatter win is paid per scatter symbol. Scatter wins are multiplied by 2x the total bet. Scatter wins are independent from line wins and are also added to the total amount paid. Bonus scatter symbol appears on reels 2, 3, and 4 only. Wild symbol appears on all reels. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the Free Spins Bonus or the Cup Bonus, plus the base game outcome which launched the bonus. [ top ] Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. Intellectual Property All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of IGT in the U.S. and/or other countries. © 2016 IGT. All rights reserved. [ top ][ close window ] Last modification date: 12/22/2021