Vikings Go Wild Welcome to Vikings Go Wild Video Slot with Free Spin Mode with sticky wild and treasure chest bonus. ABOUT THE GAME Vikings Go Wild is a Video Slot with 5 reels and 25 paylines oriented from the left to right. The game has eight regular symbols that win if three or more are lined up in sequence on a payline, beginning from the leftmost position. The Wild Symbol substitute for all symbols except Free spin Symbols and Treasure chest. Three or more Free Spin Symbols trigger the Free Spin Mode. 3 free spin symbols award 8 free spins 4 free spin symbols award 16 free spins 5 free spin symbols award 24 free spins Free spins can't be retriggered. The maximum amount of Free Spins which the player can trigger in a single spin is 24. In the free spin mode, The Viking symbols in the game will try to fight off the sea creature when they land on the reels. If a Viking manages to fight off the sea creature it transforms into a wild that sticks on the reels and if not it will stay as a Viking symbol. The fight sequence happens before the wins are paid out for the spin. The wilds stick on the reel until the free spin mode is over. The "Viking symbols" are the four highest paying symbols, with characters as the imagery. There are no Wild symbols on reels in Free Spins. The free spin mode is played with the same bet that activated it. Wins from the free spin mode are added to the total win of the round that activated it. On the fifth reel there is a Treasure chest symbol that during main game can award Free spins or a cash prize. In Free spins the treasure chest can also award a wild reel, making an entire reel turn into wild until the end of Free spins. The wild reel is randomly chosen between the first four reels. Players can win a cash prize of up to 40x bet. The number of free spins awarded in the Base Game can be 8, 9, 10, 11 or 12. The number of free spins awarded in the Free Spins Game can be 2, 3, or 4, up to a maximum of 400 free spins per bonus. Treasure Chest can't award Free Spins if Free Spins were already awarded by free spin symbols in the spin. If a treasure chest lands on top of a sticky wild symbol, both the treasure chest and wild symbol are active that round. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. HOW TO PLAY Press the Spin button to start game HOW TO CALCULATE PAYLINE WINS To calculate your total payline win, calculate all payline wins and add them together. To calculate a single payline win, count the number of identical symbols lined up in sequence on the line. If the payline pays from left, then start counting from the far left. If the payline pays from right, then start counting from the far right. If three or more identical symbols lined up, find the payout in the Pay Table. There you can for all symbols find the value for 3 in a row, 4 in a row, and 5 in a row. Only the highest winning combination per line is paid out. Three or more Free Spin Scatter Symbols appearing anywhere on the reels trigger the Free Spin mode. If the winning combination starts with three wilds, there can be many ways to interpret the win. In this scenario, only the highest win combination is paid out. There can be a discrepancy between sum of the individual wins in collection Free Spins from what is displayed in the total win end screen. The total win end screen displays the final rounded win. GAME OPTIONS Click the PLUS icon in the bottom left corner to expand or collapse the options tray. Pay Table - Find how much each symbol pays out, explanations of the game features, and information on the paylines. Game Settings - Change the game speed, sound volume, and other settings. Game History - If this feature is enabled on your gaming website, you may review and replay your last 10 game rounds. Game Rules - Opens the rules of the game. Mute - Turn the sounds on or off. (Some features and options may not be available in your jurisdiction) GAME PANEL Lines - Displays the number of lines in the game. The number of lines is fixed and cannot be changed. Bet Level - Increases or decreases the current bet. Max Bet - Available on desktop. Sets the bet value to the largest available. Press the Max Bet button again to go back to the bet value you had before. Spin Button - Start the game. Players can spin with the scroll button. Autoplay - Players can make the game play without pressing the spin button each time. Choose the number of rounds to auto play by pressing the autoplay button. Players can choose additional conditions for when to stop autoplay in the Game Settings. The loss limit in some game client versions prevent players from losing above a set limit during an autoplay session. Pressing the autoplay button a second time stops the autoplay. Win - Displays the win for the current or last win payout step. Balance - Displays your account balance. (Some features and options may not be available in your jurisdiction) RETURN TO PLAYER The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of spins by numerous players over an extended period of time. The overall theoretical return to player is 96.35%. In some jurisdictions, regardless of the bet size, there may be an award cap on any single transaction. Max award cap is $250,000.00. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. RANDOMIZATION The reels are spun with a fair and equal chance for each stop position by a certified random number generator. Last modification date: 3/26/2024