Wheel of Fortune® Ultra 5 Reels Wheel of Fortune® Ultra 5 Reels Wheel of Fortune® Ultra 5 Reels will have your head spinning with a plethora of multipliers! Offering the Multiplying Wilds feature, with wins up to 25x, and the Ultra Wheel Bonus , with wins up to 10,000x, this game keeps turning you in the right direction for massive payouts! How To Bet Auto Spin Feature Multiplying Wilds Feature Scatter Wheels Bonus Ultra Wheel Bonus Options Rules Additional Information How To Bet Wheel of Fortune® Ultra 5 Reels features 30 paylines for 50 coins. COIN VALUE Displays the current coin value shown in currency. Press the left arrow (–) to decrease the coin value. Press the right arrow (+) to increase the coin value. SPIN Press to submit the bet and spin the reels. [ top ] Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of games at the current coin value. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many games to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of games until the STOP button is pressed, a bonus is triggered, or until the balance is insufficient to spin again. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. [ top ] Multiplying Wilds Feature There are two types of Multiplying Wilds in Wheel of Fortune® Ultra 5 Reels : The first Multiplying Wild multiplies any line win it is included in by 5x. The second Multiplying Wild multiplies any line win in which it is included by 2x, 3x, 4x, or 5x. The multiplier value for each occurrence of the second Multiplying Wild is determined after each spin has resolved. Both Multiplying Wilds substitute for all symbols except the Scatter symbol and the Bonus symbol. Two Multiplying Wilds included in a line win are multiplicative and can result in a multiplier of up to 25x. The Multiplying Wilds appear on reels 2 and 4 in the base game. See the paytable for more information and images of the two types of Multiplying Wilds. [ top ] Scatter Wheels Bonus The Scatter Wheels Bonus is triggered when 3 or more Scatter symbols appear in any position on the reels. The symbols that triggered the bonus immediately turn into wheels that begin spinning at the same time. The wheels stop in order from left to right. Indicated values on the wheels, after they stop, are added together and then multiplied by the triggering coin value to determine the total win of the bonus. Each reel has a different wheel associated with it. Scatter Wheels Bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. [ top ] Ultra Wheel Bonus The Ultra Wheel Bonus is triggered by 3 Bonus symbols appearing in any positions on the reels. After entering the bonus, a set of 3 bonus reels is spun. Each reel pertains to a particular wheel in the bonus. Each reel contains blank spaces, Wheel symbols, and Wheel + Multiplier symbols. When the reels stop, a blank symbol indicates the wheel is inactive, a Wheel symbol indicates the wheel is active, and a Wheel + Multiplier symbol indicates the wheel is active and will be awarded a multiplier. Following the bonus transitions to the three wheels, the activated wheels spin. If any wheel is awarded a multiplier, the bonus transitions to a final wheel spin that determines the multiplier value associated with each eligible wheel. The bonus pays the sum of each activated wheel spin's result, multiplied by their eligible multiplier values, times the triggering coin value. Bonus symbols appear on reels 2, 3, and 4 only. See the paytable for more information and images of the Ultra Wheel Bonus. [ top ] Options Graphics Quality Adjust the quality of the graphics to get the optimal animation performance. BEST mode - Highest quality graphics, but performance may suffer. HIGH mode (default) - Balance graphics and performance setting. MEDIUM mode - Lower quality but increased performance. LOW mode - Minimal graphics, but smoothest animation performance is achieved even on slower computers. [ top ] Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the coin value. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the Ultra Wheel Bonus plus the outcome which launched the bonus. [ top ] Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. The theoretical return to player of this game is 95.96% Intellectual Property Wheel of Fortune ® & © 2015 Califon Productions, Inc. All Rights Reserved. All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of IGT and/or its licensors in the U.S. and/or other countries. © 2015 IGT. All rights reserved. [ top ] Last modification date: 12/27/2021