Wheel of Fortune Ruby Riches Dazzling treasures are yours for the taking in Wheel of Fortune® Ruby Riches ! Get ready for the chance to earn riches with the amazing Ca$hLink Deluxe feature, which awards prizes instantly! Trigger the Wheel Bonus and spin the iconic wheel to win prizes, a Ca$hLink multiplier, or the Jackpot! How to Bet Wheel of Fortune® Ruby Riches features 30 paylines. Bet Configuration Menu (mobile/tablet games) Press the arrow to open the bet configuration menu. Press the check mark to confirm and close the bet configuration menu. Coins Displays the current number of coins being played. Betting is fixed at 30 paylines. Coin Value Displays the current coin value shown in currency. Total Bet Displays the current total bet shown in currency. Press the minus button (–) to decrease the total bet. Press the plus button (+) to increase the total bet. Press TOTAL BET to open the bet selection menu. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current coin value and number of paylines selected. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Ca$hLink Deluxe Feature If a Treasure Chest scatter symbol appears on reel 5 and a Wheel of Fortune coin scatter symbol does not appear on reel 1, the Ca$hLink Deluxe feature is triggered. All Coin scatter symbols that do not contain a jackpot are assigned a prize value. All revealed prize values and jackpots are awarded to the player. Reveal a jackpot symbol to win the corresponding jackpot: Grand symbol awards the Grand Jackpot. Mega symbol awards the Mega Jackpot. Major symbol awards the Major Jackpot. Minor symbol awards the Minor Jackpot. Mini symbol awards the Mini Jackpot. Prize values and jackpot awards are shown in currency. More than one jackpot may be awarded in the Ca$hLink Deluxe feature. Wheel Bonus A Wheel of Fortune coin scatter symbol appearing on reel 1 and a Treasure Chest scatter symbol appearing on reel 5 triggers the Wheel Bonus . When the Wheel Bonus is triggered, a Ca$hLink prize value is determined. The Ca$hLink prize value is the sum of all Coin scatter symbol and Wheel of Fortune coin scatter symbol values on the reels of the triggering spin. Seven pointers are available on the wheel. The number of active pointers is based on the triggering bet amount. Prize values and multipliers are available on the wheel. After the wheel stops spinning, all prize values indicated by active pointers are awarded to the player. If the Jackpot wedge is indicated by an active pointer, the Jackpot is awarded. Prize values are not multiplied by the triggering coin value. Prize values are displayed in currency. When a multiplier of 5x, 10x, or 20x is indicated by an active pointer, the Ca$hLink value for that bonus is multiplied. More than one multiplier slice may be indicated by active pointers, in which case the Ca$hLink value for that bonus is multiplied by the sum of all indicated multipliers. Prize values are not multiplied by this multiplier. Free Spins Bonus Three Free Spins scatter symbols appearing anywhere on reels 1, 3, and 5 trigger the Free Spins Bonus and award 10 free spins. During the bonus, three Free Spins scatter symbols appearing anywhere on reels 1, 3, and 5 retrigger the Free Spins Bonus and award an additional 10 free spins. If the Ca$hLink Deluxe feature is triggered during the Free Spins Bonus , the total of the prize values displayed on all Coin scatter symbols appearing on the reels is awarded. The bonus can be retriggered multiple times, up to a maximum of 200 free spins per bonus. Free spins are played at same total bet and same number of paylines as the triggering spin. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the coin value on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Free Spins scatter symbol appears on reels 1, 3, and 5 only in the base game and the Free Spins Bonus . Bonus and Feature wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Wild symbol appears on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5 in the base game and the Free Spins Bonus . Treasure Chest scatter symbol appears on reel 5 only in the base game and the Free Spins Bonus . Wheel of Fortune coin scatter symbol appears on reel 1 only in the base game. Coin scatter symbols appear on reels 1, 2, 3, and 4 only in the base game and the Free Spins Bonus . More than one Grand, Mega, Major, Minor, or Mini jackpot can be won in the base game and the Free Spins Bonus . Wins are shown in currency. In this game, the wheel is a graphical animation for entertainment purposes only and does not represent an actual wheel. The chances of obtaining a specific segment are therefore not equiprobable. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent, except in cases where one spin unlocks a feature for a subsequent spin or series of spins, per the game rules. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size (except for the jackpot), balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given spin of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next spin are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of spins by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. RTP:-96.15% Intellectual Property ® & © 2020 Califon Productions, Inc. All Rights Reserved. © 2020 IGT. All other trademarks and/or service marks used herein are either trademarks or registered trademarks of IGT, its affiliates or its licensors. Last modification date: 12/14/2021