Wheel of Fortune On Air It’s showtime! Play MegaJackpots Wheel of Fortune® On Air for a chance to win MegaJackpots on any spin at any bet level! Experience your favorite gameshow like never before – now with the MegaJackpots Progressive! When 3 or more Bonus scatter symbols appear, spin the iconic Wheel of Fortune® Wheel for a chance to trigger the MegaJackpots Bonus , where you could win the Progressive. The more triggering Bonus scatter symbols and the higher your bet, the better your odds of winning the MegaJackpots Progressive. If that’s not enough, there are a host of other rewarding wheel outcomes, from respins of the wheel to bet multipliers! How to Bet MegaJackpots Wheel of Fortune® On Air features 20 paylines for 40 coins. Bet Configuration Menu (mobile/tablet) Press the arrow to open the bet configuration menu. Press the check mark to confirm and close the bet configuration menu. Coins Displays current number of coins being played. Betting is fixed at 20 paylines plus feature, which costs 40 coins. Coin Value Displays the current coin value shown in currency. Total Bet Displays the current total bet shown in currency. Press the minus button (-) to decrease the total bet. Press the plus button (+) to increase the total bet. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current coin value. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Winning the MegaJackpots Progressive Every bet offers a chance to win the MegaJackpots Progressive. The higher the bet, the better the odds of winning. Win the Progressive if a MegaJackpots token is revealed in an envelope during a spin of the wheel in the MegaJackpots Bonus. The more triggering Bonus symbols that appear on the reels before the MegaJackpots Bonus, the more MegaJackpots tokens are available in the bonus, boosting your chances of winning even further. After every spin of the base game that doesn't award the Progressive, a behind-the-scenes Second Chance drawing occurs that can also award the MegaJackpots Progressive. The odds of winning the Progressive are proportional to the actual bet amount. Therefore, the game is completely fair, offering the same odds per amount bet per currency. For example, a player playing at a 0.20 coin value has twice the chance of winning the Progressive as a player playing at a 0.10 coin value in the same game and currency. The expected return to player is exactly the same for both players. See Rules for information regarding payout. Wheel of Fortune® Wheel Feature Three or more Bonus scatter symbols appearing anywhere on the reels trigger the Wheel of Fortune® Wheel feature. The more Bonus symbols on the reels, the better the wheel wedge upgrades. 3 Bonus symbols trigger a spin of the Wheel. 4 Bonus symbols trigger a spin of the Super Wheel. 5 Bonus symbols trigger a spin of the Ultra Wheel. When triggered, a single spin of that wheel is awarded. Each wheel wedge displays an award: Multiplier wedge: Awards the total bet multiplied by the wedge multiplier value. Mystery wedge: Triggers the Mystery feature. Wild Reel wedge: Triggers the Wild Reel feature. Respin wedge: Triggers the Respin feature. MegaJackpots wedge: Triggers the MegaJackpots Bonus. Mystery Transform Feature The Mystery Transform feature is triggered when the Wheel of Fortune® Wheel lands on a Mystery wedge in the base game. When triggered, a non-Bonus symbol is selected on the screen as the Mystery symbol for that spin: When a Wheel spin triggers the feature, the 3 Bonus symbols and up to 3 additional non-Bonus symbols transform into the chosen Mystery symbol When a Super Wheel spin triggers the feature, the 4 Bonus symbols and up to 7 additional non-Bonus symbols transform into the chosen Mystery symbol When an Ultra Wheel spin triggers the feature, the 5 Bonus symbols and up to 9 additional non-Bonus symbols transform into the chosen Mystery symbol The Mystery Transform feature always improves the current win outcome of the game and is guaranteed to turn any non-winning outcome on the reels into a winning outcome. Wild Reel Feature The Wild Reel feature is triggered when the Wheel of Fortune® Wheel lands on a Wild Reel wedge in the base game. When triggered, any reel on which a Bonus symbol appears turns into a full reel of Wild symbols. Respin Feature The Respin feature is triggered when the Wheel of Fortune® Wheel lands on a Respin wedge. When triggered, all Bonus symbols on the reels turn into Sticky Wild symbols for the duration of the Respin feature. When a Wheel spin triggers the feature, 3 respins are awarded. When a Super Wheel spin triggers the feature, 4 respins are awarded. When an Ultra Wheel spin triggers the feature, 5 respins are awarded. Multiplier Feature If the Wheel of Fortune® Wheel lands on a Multiplier wedge, the total bet multiplied by the multiplier value displayed on the wedge is awarded, in addition to any other wins present on the triggering spin. The multiplier values increase as the number of triggering Bonus symbols increases. Multiplier values are: Wheel: 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, and 10x Super Wheel: 15x, 20x, 25x, 30x, 35x, 40x, and 50x Ultra Wheel: 75x, 100x, 125x, 150x, 175x, 200x, and 250x MegaJackpots Bonus The MegaJackpots Bonus is triggered when the Wheel of Fortune® wheel lands on a MegaJackpots wedge. When triggered, a single spin of the MegaJackpots Bonus wheel is awarded. The wheel displays 24 envelopes, containing either a MegaJackpots token or a prize value. The number of envelopes containing a MegaJackpots token is based on the triggering wheel: 1 MegaJackpots token: Wheel 2 MegaJackpots token: Super Wheel 3 MegaJackpots token: Ultra Wheel When the wheel spin ends, the selected envelope is opened and the prize in the envelope is awarded: Prize value envelopes award the prize value multiplied by the triggering coin value. MegaJackpots token envelopes award the MegaJackpots Progressive. Second Chance Win A behind-the-scenes Second Chance drawing can also award the MegaJackpots progressive award. The Second Chance drawing applies if the game did not award the jackpot at the end of each base game spin. The Second Chance drawing is based on wager size: the jackpot win odds scale linearly with the wager size. Special animations display when Second Chance Jackpot is won. Second Chance odds are paymodel driven; thus there are different configurations for different jurisdictions. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the coin value on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Wild symbols only appear during the Respin and Wild Reel features and do not trigger the Wheel of Fortune® Wheel feature. Bonus symbols appear in the base game only. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction, excluding the MegaJackpots Progressive. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the Wheel of Fortune® Wheel features, plus the outcome which launched the feature. If the award cap is reached in the Respin feature, the Respin feature ends immediately, even if there are remaining respins. MegaJackpots Rules When a player wins the Jackpot, a notification message appears. Customer service will contact the player within 24 hours with details of your Jackpot payout. The award verification may take up to 72 hours, and the win will not be reflected in your account balance. You may continue to play. It will not affect your Jackpot. The amount paid after verification is approximately the amount seen on the Jackpot meter when the win occurs. Potentially, the awarded Jackpot could be somewhat higher because of display delays. All applicable taxes and fees in connection with any winnings awarded to the player, and any other payments to the winning player are his/her sole responsibility. Winnings cannot be transferred, substituted, or redeemed for any other consideration. Jackpot represents an increasing top award where the growth is funded by a fixed percentage of each bet placed by all players playing for the jackpot. Additional Information Lost Connection During Jackpot Win In the unlikely event of a lost connection or game reset during a jackpot-triggering spin, the jackpot will be awarded. Notification of the jackpot win will not appear on the game screen when the game is reloaded, and the win will not be reflected in your account balance. Any standard wins will be reflected in your account balance. Continued play, whether in this game or any other, does not affect the jackpot payout. The Customer Service Team will contact you within 24 hours with the details of your jackpot payout. The award verification may take up to 72 hours. Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent, except in cases where one spin unlocks a feature for a subsequent spin or series of spins, per the game rules. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size (except the jackpot), balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. Intellectual Property ® & © 2019 Califon Productions, Inc. All Rights Reserved. © 2019 IGT. All rights reserved. All other trademarks used herein are owned by IGT or its affiliates, may not be used without permission, and where indicated with a ®, are registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. Last updated 30 November 2018 RTP is 92.55% Last modification date: 9/27/2022