Wolf Rising Wolf Rising Return to the wild! Rich payouts with 100 lines on super tall reels that rise eight rows high! With tall wolf symbols and the Stacked Wilds feature which is even richer in the Free Spins Bonus, there's nothing tame about this game! How to Bet Auto Spin Feature Stacked Wilds Feature Free Spins Bonus Options Rules Additional Information How to Bet Wolf Rising features 100 lines. Choose to play 1, 8, 25, 50, 75 or 100 lines. LINE BET Displays the current bet per line in currency. Press the left arrow (-) to decrease the line bet. Press the right arrow (+) to increase the line bet. LINES Press the left arrow (-) to decrease the number of paylines played. Press the right arrow (+) to increase the number of paylines played. SPIN Press to spin the reels and submit the bet. [ top ] Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a selected number of spins at the current line bet. Select the desired line bet, press AUTO SPIN and choose how many spins to play. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until the STOP button is pressed, a bonus is triggered, or the balance is insufficient to spin again. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. [ top ] Stacked Wilds Feature With the Stacked Wilds feature, each reel is loaded with groups of eight consecutive Wild symbols. In the Free Spins Bonus, the Stacked Wilds feature is even richer and more plentiful. [ top ] Free Spins Bonus Trigger the Free Spins Bonus by getting three Bonus symbols in any position on the centre three reels. Triggering the Free Spins Bonus awards five free spins. The reels in the Free Spins Bonus have a richer, more plentiful Stacked Wilds feature than the base game reels. During the Free Spins Bonus, the Bonus can be retriggered by getting three Bonus symbols anywhere on the centre three reels. Retriggering the Free Spins Bonus awards an additional five free spins. The Bonus can be retriggered multiple times, up to a maximum of 255 free spins per Bonus. The bet in the bonus is equal to the bet on the reel spin that triggered the bonus. [ top ] Options Graphics Quality BEST - Graphics look best, but performance may suffer HIGH - Optimal graphics and performance setting MEDIUM - Lower quality, but increased performance LOW - Degraded graphics, but smoothest animation performance on slower computers [ top ] Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. Only highest winner paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the line bet on the winning line. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. Bonus symbol appears on reels 2, 3, and 4 only. Coinciding wins on different paylines are added. Scatter wins are independent from payline wins and are also added to the total amount paid. Wins are shown in currency. Reels used in Free Spins Bonus are different from the reels used in the base game. Regardless of the bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the Free Spins Bonus plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately irrespective of any remaining free spins. [ top ] Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given spin of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next spin are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of spins by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. Intellectual Property All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of IGT in the U.S. and/or other countries. © 2013 IGT. All rights reserved. Last modification date: 12/27/2021