Wheel of Fortune Power Wedges Wheel of Fortune Power Wedges Experience the power of exciting spins like never before in Wheel of Fortune Power Wedges ! Enjoy MultiWay Xtra gameplay and amazing bonus features that power up your win possibilities with 2 to 6 extra pointers! How to Bet Wheel of Fortune Power Wedges features 40 paylines plus 1024 ways to win. Bet Configuration Menu Press the cog or TOTAL BET to open the Bet Configuration menu. 40 LINES + FEATURES Displays the current number of coins being played. Betting is fixed at 40 lines plus 1024 ways. Coin Value Displays the current coin value shown in currency. Change by selecting the desired total bet. On desktop devices, optionally press the minus button (–) to decrease the total bet, or press the plus button (+) to increase the total bet. Press OK to confirm and close the Bet Configuration menu. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current number of lines and 1024 ways at the current coin value. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins and where available, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. MultiWay Xtra Feature With the MultiWay Xtra feature, there are 1024 ways to win on every spin. MultiWay Xtra wins pay for matching symbols in any position in adjacent columns, starting from the leftmost column. More than 1 matching symbol in the same column multiplies the award. The Wild Symbol substitutes for all symbols except for the Scatter and Bonus Symbols. Only the highest paying MultiWay Xtra win for each symbol is paid per spin. Example of a MultiWay Xtra payout: The following diagram shows a sample reel outcome using the King Symbol. Because there is at least 1 King or Wild Symbol in each of the first 4 columns, the player has won the 4 King MultiWay Xtra win which pays 5 coins per way. Payout example: 1 x 2 x 3 x 1 King Symbols = 6 winning ways: Column 1 Column 2 Column 3 Column 4 Column 5 Wild King King Wild Wild Wild Wild 1 King 2 Kings 3 Kings 1 King To determine the payout for this combination: Count the number of King and Wild Symbols in each column. Calculate the total number of winning ways (1 x 2 x 3 x 1 = 6). Multiply the number of ways by the 4 King Symbol win (6 x 5 = 30). The win is 30 coins. The actual amount won in currency is based on the coin value. Symbol Replacement Feature Each column includes large stacks of the same symbols. Before each spin, a symbol is randomly selected to fill every column's stacks. In the base game, any symbol may appear in any stack, except the Wild, Wheel Bonus, and Free Games Symbols. Column 3 contains symbols that only transform into the Wheel Bonus or Free Games Symbols. In the Free Games Bonus , any symbol may appear in any stack, except the Wild and Free Games Symbols. Wheel Bonus The Wheel Bonus is triggered when 2 or more Wheel Bonus Scatter Symbols appear in any position in column 3. 3 or 4 Wheel Bonus Symbols trigger the Wheel Bonus and pay a scatter win of 7x or 10x the total bet, respectively. The Wheel Bonus awards 1 spin of the Big Wheel . After the Big Wheel stops, the award indicated by an active wheel pointer is won. If an active wheel pointer indicates a prize value, that prize value multiplied by the coin value from the triggering game, is awarded, and the Wheel Bonus ends. If the active wheel pointer indicates a Frenzy wedge, the Pointer Frenzy feature is triggered. If an active wheel pointer indicates a Jackpot Bonus wedge, then the total bonus win is awarded, the Wheel Bonus ends and the Jackpot Bonus begins. Pointer Frenzy Feature The Pointer Frenzy feature is activated when an active wheel pointer indicates a Frenzy wedge during the Wheel Bonus . When a Frenzy wedge is indicated, it activates 2 to 6 extra wheel pointers. The awards indicated by all active wheel pointers plus the total bonus win are awarded, and the Wheel Bonus ends. Jackpot Bonus The Jackpot Bonus is activated when an active wheel pointer indicates a Jackpot Bonus wedge during the Wheel Bonus . When a Jackpot Bonus wedge is indicated, the player is awarded 1 spin of the Jackpot Wheel . After the wheel stops, the prize value indicated by the active pointer on the Jackpot Wheel is multiplied by the coin value and awarded, and then the Jackpot Bonus ends. Jackpot Bonus is paid in addition to any wins in the Wheel Bonus . Free Games Bonus 2 or more scattered Free Games Symbols in column 3 triggers the Free Games Bonus . 2, 3, or 4 Free Games Symbols in column 3 award 7, 10, or 20 free games respectively. Free games are played automatically at the same coin value, and on the same lines and ways as the base game. The bonus ends when 0 free games remain or after 130 free games have been played. Different reels are used during the free games. The Wheel Bonus is not available during the Free Games Bonus . At the start of each free game, the stacks of the symbols on the column transform into 1 of the symbols from the symbol set. All stacked symbol positions on all columns transform into the same symbol. Options All Sound Toggle game sounds on or off. Sound Effects Toggle sound effects on or off. Music Toggle music on or off. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive columns, beginning with the far-left column. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the coin value on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. MultiWay Xtra wins pay for the same symbol in any position in adjacent columns. Same symbol in same column multiplies win. MultiWay Xtra wins pay left to right. Only the highest paying MultiWay Xtra win for each symbol is paid per spin. Coinciding MultiWay Xtra wins from different symbols are added. MultiWay Xtra wins are multiplied by the coin value. Only the highest scatter win is paid. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Scatter wins are independent from line wins and MultiWay Xtra wins and are also added to the total amount paid. Bonus wins are independent from line wins and MultiWay Xtra wins and are added to the total amount paid. Wild Symbol appears on columns 2, 3, 4, and 5 only. Wild Symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols except Free Games and Wheel Bonus Symbols in the base game and the Free Games Bonus . Free Games Bonus symbol appears on column 3 only in the base game and the Free Games Bonus . Wheel Bonus symbol appears on column 3 only in the base game. Wins are shown in currency. In this game, the wheel is a graphical animation for entertainment purposes only and does not represent an actual wheel. The chances of obtaining a specific segment are therefore not equiprobable. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there may be an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. Last modification date: 2/1/2023