Wheel Of Fortune Winning Words Spins may spell big wins in Wheel of Fortune® Winning Words! Simply match letters to complete a word for the win; trigger a bonus chance to multiply prizes! How to Play Auto Reveal About the Game Game Play Completing a Word Multiplier Wheel Rules Additional Information How to Play Ticket Cost Displays the current ticket cost. Press the left arrow (–) to decrease the ticket cost. Press the right arrow (+) to increase the ticket cost. Press BUY to deduct the ticket cost from the balance and play the game. Auto Reveal Press AUTO REVEAL to automatically play the game to completion. Game play continues until all selections have been made. To continue the game in manual play mode, press STOP. About the Game The object of Wheel of Fortune® Winning Words is to match letters from the YOUR LETTERS section to all the letters in a word. Game Play After a ticket is purchased, the game displays three words, a prize wheel, and SPIN and AUTO REVEAL buttons. Selecting SPIN assigns the prize values from the wheel for each word, then displays a YOUR LETTERS section with 12 tiles. Select a tile to reveal a letter. Play ends when all YOUR LETTERS have been revealed. Press AUTO REVEAL to play the game to completion automatically. Completing a Word When a letter from the YOUR LETTERS section matches a letter in a word, the game highlights the letter in the word. If letters from the YOUR LETTERS section match all the letters in a word, the game highlights the word, and the prize assigned to that word is awarded. Multiplier Wheel After a completed word is highlighted, the game then displays potential multipliers (1x, 2x, 5x, and 10x), a multiplier wheel, AUTO REVEAL button and a SPIN button. Pressing SPIN sets the multiplier wheel in motion. When the wheel stops, the selected multiplier is revealed and the player wins the completed word prize multiplied by the selected multiplier. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. Wins are shown in currency. Additional Information Expected Payback For this game, the long-term, theoretically-expected payback is from 85.00% to 93.00%. Intellectual Property All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of IGT in the U.S. and/or other countries. © 2017 IGT. All Rights Reserved. Wheel of Fortune ® & © 2017 Califon Productions, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Last modification date: 4/13/2018