Wheel of Fortune Lucky Coins on Stage In Wheel of Fortune Lucky Coins on Stage gold coins rain from the bowl above, and a multiplier of 20x might appear! Trigger the Wheel Bonus to spin the iconic wheel and win prize values, the Bonus, the Jackpot Bonus , or a Mini or Minor jackpot. Trigger the Wilds feature or the Mystery Wedge Feature and watch as Wild Symbols appear on the reels! How to Bet Wheel of Fortune Lucky Coins on Stage features 40 paylines. Bet Settings Menu Press the cog or TOTAL BET to open the Bet Settings menu. Coins Displays the current number of coins being played. Betting is fixed at 40 paylines. Coin Value Displays the current coin value shown in currency. Total Bet Displays the current total bet shown in currency. Change by selecting the desired total bet. On desktop devices, optionally press the minus button (–) to decrease the total bet or press the plus button (+) to increase the total bet. Press OK to confirm and close the Bet Settings menu. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current coin value. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins and where available, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Wilds Feature After each base game or bonus game spin, Wheel of Fortune Coin or Diamond Coin Symbols may be added to each position in the WILDS collection row below the reels. Diamond Coins appear with a multiplier of 2x to 20x. Only 1 Diamond Coin may appear below each reel. The first coin symbol added to the WILDS collection row under reels 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5 transforms into a W, I, L, D, or, S Coin, respectively. If W, I, L, D, and S Coins appear in the WILDS collection row and at least 1 Wheel of Fortune Coin or Diamond Coin appears in the collection row, the Wilds feature is triggered. If the Wilds feature is triggered, each Wheel of Fortune Coin or Diamond Coin appearing in the WILDS collection row transforms 1 symbol position on the reel above it into a Wild Symbol, or a Wild Symbol with the corresponding multiplier value, respectively. If a Wheel of Fortune Coin or Diamond Coin in the WILDS collection row selects a symbol position to transform that contains a Mystery Wedge Symbol, that symbol position transforms into a Wild Mystery Wedge Symbol or a Wild Mystery Wedge Symbol with the corresponding multiplier value, respectively. Wins are evaluated after all symbol transformations are complete, except if the Mystery Wedge feature is triggered. If a Wheel of Fortune Symbol is part of a winning combination and is covered by any Wild Symbol, the Wheel Bonus is awarded in addition to wins resulting from the wild transformation. Mystery Wedge Feature During the base game or bonus game, a Mystery Wedge Scatter Symbol in any position on reel 3 triggers the Mystery Wedge feature. If the Mystery Wedge feature is triggered in the same base game or bonus game spin that triggers the Wilds feature, 1 Wild Symbol is placed on each reel after the completion of the Wilds feature. If the Wilds feature is not triggered in the same base game or bonus game spin that triggers the Mystery Wedge feature, 1 coin is added to each empty position in the WILDS collection row, triggering the Wilds feature, and 1 Wild Symbol is placed on each reel after the completion of the Wilds feature. If a Wild Symbol is placed on a symbol position that contains Mystery Wedge Symbol, that symbol position transforms into a Wild Symbol after all Wild Symbol have been placed. If a Wild Symbol is placed on a symbol position that already contains a Wild Symbol, or a Wild Mystery Wedge Symbol, that symbol position transforms into a Wild Symbol with a 2x multiplier, or a Wild Mystery Wedge Symbol with a 2x multiplier respectively. If a Wild Symbol is placed on a symbol position that already contains a Wild Symbol with a multiplier, or a Wild Mystery Wedge Symbol with a multiplier, the multiplier value on that symbol position increases by 1x. If Wild Mystery Wedge Symbol or Wild Mystery Wedge Symbol with a multiplier value appear in a winning combination, that symbol position is transformed into a Wild Symbol or a Wild Symbol with the corresponding multiplier value, respectively, for win evaluations. Wins are evaluated after all wilds are placed. RTP - 93.99% Wheel Bonus The Wheel Bonus is triggered when 3 Wheel of Fortune Scatter Symbols appear anywhere on the center reels. These symbols are only found on reels 2, 3, and 4. Triggering the Wheel Bonus awards 1 spin of the wheel. After the wheel stops, the prize value, jackpot, number of spins, or Jackpot Bonus indicated by the wheel pointer is awarded and the bonus ends. Bonus If a 5 or 15 spin segment is awarded during the Wheel Bonus , the Bonus is triggered with 5 or 15 spins, respectively. Spins are played at same coin value as the triggering Wheel Bonus . During the Bonus , if the Wheel Bonus is triggered and a 5 or 15 spin segment is awarded, 5 or 15 additional spins are awarded, respectively. If the Wheel Bonus is triggered during the Bonus , the spins continue after the completion of the Wheel Bonus . The Wheel Bonus may be triggered a maximum of 9 times during a Bonus . Reels used in the Bonus are different from the reels used in the base game. Jackpot Bonus The Jackpot Bonus is triggered when the Jackpot Bonus segment is indicated during the Wheel Bonus . Select coins to reveal a prize value, X Symbol, Grand segment, Major segment, Minor segment, or Mini segment. If a selected coin awards a segment, that segment is collected in the corresponding prize meter. Collect 3 segments in a prize meter to win the corresponding prize. Each Jackpot may be awarded only once per bonus. Continue selecting coins until 3 X Symbols have been collected. After 3 X Symbols have been collected, the total bonus win is awarded and the Jackpot Bonus ends. Options All Sound Toggle game sounds on or off. Music Toggle music on or off. Sound Effects Toggle sound effects on or off. Voice Toggle voiceover on or off. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far-left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Win values shown at current bet. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Wild Symbol and Wild Symbol with a multiplier are wild and substitute for all symbols except Wheel of Fortune Symbol, Mystery Wedge Symbol, Wild Mystery Wedge Symbol, Wild Mystery Wedge Symbols with a multiplier, and Wild Symbols with a multiplier in the base game and the Bonus . If a Wild Symbol with a multiplier substitutes in a line win, the pay for that win is multiplied by the awarded multiplier. If more than one a Wild Symbol with a multiplier substitutes in a line win, the pay for that win is multiplied by the sum of the awarded multipliers. Wins are shown in currency. Player choices made during gameplay do not affect the game's outcome. In this game, the wheel is a graphical animation for entertainment purposes only and does not represent an actual wheel. The chances of obtaining a specific segment are therefore not equiprobable. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there may be an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining spins. Last modification date: 10/7/2025