Wheel of Fortune Triple Gold Gold Spin Wheel of Fortune® Triple Gold Gold Spin Get ready to be the newest contestant in the iconic Wheel of Fortune® Triple Gold Gold Spin ! This stepper game has 5 paylines, sub-symbols that multiply line wins, the iconic Wheel of Fortune Bonus , a Gold Spin Bonus , and a jackpot. How to Bet Wheel of Fortune® Triple Gold Gold Spin features 5 paylines. Bet Settings Menu Press the cog or TOTAL BET to open the bet configuration menu. Total Bet Displays the current number of paylines and total bet shown in currency. To change the bet: Select the desired total bet. On desktop devices, press the minus button (–) to decrease the total bet, or press the plus button (+) to increase the total bet. Press OK to confirm and close the bet settings menu. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current total bet and number of paylines selected. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins and where available, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Sub-Symbol Feature All symbols except Triple 7s, Spin Scatter, and Gold Spin Scatter Symbols may appear with a Triple Sub-Symbol. Symbols containing a Triple Sub-Symbol substitute for their respective symbols without the Triple Sub-Symbol. If 1 symbol in a line win contains a Triple Sub-Symbol, that win is multiplied by 3x. If 2 symbols in a line win contain a Triple Sub-Symbol, that win is multiplied by 9x. If 3 symbols in a line win contain a Triple Sub-Symbol, that win is multiplied by 27x. Wheel of Fortune Bonus The Wheel of Fortune Bonus is triggered when the Spin Scatter Symbol appears in any active position on reel 3. Triggering the Wheel of Fortune Bonus awards 1 spin of the Wheel of Fortune wheel. Available wheel awards are 20, 25, 30, 40, 50, 60, 75, 100, 125, 150, 200, 250, 400, 500, and 1,000 coins. After the wheel stops, the prize value indicated by the wheel pointer is awarded and the bonus ends. Gold Spin Bonus The Gold Spin Bonus is triggered when the Gold Spin Scatter Symbol appears in any active position on reel 3. Triggering the Gold Spin Bonus awards 1 spin of the Gold Spin wheel. Available wheel awards are the Jackpot, 45, 50, 60, 65, 75, 80, 90, 100, 125, and 150 coins, and 3x, 5x, and 15x multipliers. If the Gold Spin wheel pointer indicates a 3x, 5x, or 15x multiplier, 1 spin of the Wheel of Fortune wheel is awarded. After the Wheel of Fortune wheel stops, win the value indicated by the wheel pointer, times the multiplier awarded from the Gold Spin wheel. A different Wheel of Fortune wheel is used at different multipliers. The Gold Spin Bonus ends after all awarded wheel spins have been played. Winning the Jackpot Wheel of Fortune Triple Gold Gold Spin offers 2 ways to win the Jackpot. A Wheel Triple 7s Symbol and 2 Wheel Triple 7s Symbols with Triple Sub-Symbol on the first payline awards the Jackpot. The Jackpot may also be awarded during the Gold Spin Bonus . The Jackpot is a fixed award, and is not shared – it can only be won by the player. Options All Sound Toggle game sounds on or off. Sound Effects Toggle sound effects on or off. Music Toggle music on or off. Voice Toggle voiceover on or off. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far-left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the coin value on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Spin Scatter Symbol appears on reel 3 only. Gold Spin Scatter Symbol appears on reel 3 only. Wheel Triple 7s Symbol appears on reel 1 only. Wheel Triple 7s Symbol with Triple Sub-Symbol appears on reels 2 and 3 only. Wins are shown in currency. In this game, the wheel is a graphical animation for entertainment purposes only and does not represent an actual wheel. The chances of obtaining a specific segment are therefore not equiprobable. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there may be an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. Last modification date: 2/14/2023