Wheel of Fortune Diamond Spins 2x Wilds How to Bet Bet Settings Menu Press the cog or TOTAL BET to open the Bet Settings menu. Coin Value Displays the current total bet shown in currency. Betting is fixed at 9 paylines. Total Bet Displays the total bet shown in currency. Change by selecting the desired total bet. On desktop devices, optionally press the minus button (–) to decrease the total bet or press the plus button (+) to increase the total bet. Press OK to confirm and close the Bet Settings menu. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current total bet. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins and where available, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Wheel of Fortune Bonus The Wheel of Fortune Bonus is triggered when 2 Wild and 1 Spin Symbol appear on a played line. If 1 or 2 2x Wild Symbols appear in the awarding combination, a bonus multiplier of 2x or 4x, respectively, is awarded. Triggering the Wheel of Fortune Bonus awards 1 spin of the wheel with 1, 2, or 3 active pointers. The number of active wheel pointers corresponds to the number of diamond pointers appearing on the Spin Symbol in the awarding combination. After the wheel stops, the award indicated by each active pointer is awarded and the bonus ends. If 1 or more active wheel pointers indicate coin awards, the total of the indicated values multiplied by the coin value and any active bonus multiplier, is awarded. If an active wheel pointer indicates the Grand segment, the Grand prize is awarded. A different wheel is used depending on the symbol combination that awarded the Wheel of Fortune Bonus . Options All Sound Toggle game sounds on or off. Music Toggle music on or off. Sound Effects Toggle sound effects on or off. Voice Toggle voiceover on or off. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far-left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Wins shown at current bet. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Wild and 2x Wild Symbols appear on reels 1 and 2 in the base game. Wild and 2x Wild Symbols are wild and substitutes for all symbols except 2x Wild and Bonus Scatter Symbols in the base game. Each 2x Wild Symbol that substitutes in a line win multiplies that win by 2x. More than 1 multiplier may substitute and multiply in a win, up to 4x. Wins are shown in currency. In this game, the wheel is a graphical animation for entertainment purposes only and does not represent an actual wheel. The chances of obtaining a specific segment are therefore not equiprobable. Return to Player for this game is 94.01%