Wealth of Wonderland Megaways Wealth of Wonderland™ Megaways™ 1. Overview The goal is to obtain a winning combination on a winning way spread across the reels. Game specifications : Type Slots Number of reels 6 Symbols per reel 2 to 7 Number of ways Up to 117,649 Megaways Number of coins you can bet 20 (cannot be changed) Progressive No Double feature No Auto spin feature Yes Wild symbols Yes Multiplier symbols No Scatter symbols Yes (Bonus / Cash Respin) Bonus round Yes Free s pins Yes Instant win No RTP Standard Play: 96.03% Queen of Hearts bet: 96.86% The game disconnects if you do not take any actions for a specific number of consecutive minutes (this number varies depending on jurisdiction); the session recovery feature will save the game progress so that the next time the game is loaded, you can continue where you left off. In the event of technical difficulties resulting in a dropped connection to the game server, the game you were playing is saved automatically and will load the next time you establish a connection to the game server. You will not be able to reconnect to the game server for the first 30 seconds after the disconnection. Note : In case of malfunction all pays and play are voided; any bet that was not yet accepted will be voided, any bet that was unsettled will be refunded. 2.1. Desktop version To play, follow these steps: Click on the main screen, and then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value. Click to save the settings and return to the main screen. Note: The total BET is displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). Click to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won will be shown in the WIN field from the info bar, in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 2.2. Mobile version To play, follow these steps: Tap on the main screen, then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value. Tap to save the settings and return to the main screen. Note: The total BET is displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won will be shown in the WIN field from the info bar, in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. To toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 3. Special Symbols and Features 3.1. Megaways Megaways under license from Big Time Gaming. Each spin can have up to 117,649 ways to win. Wins are awarded for left to right adjacent symbols, starting on reel 1, regardless of size. Megaways is inactive during Respins but the number of spaces available during Respins will be based on the triggering megaways reels. 3.2. Wild The Wild symbol replaces any other symbols, except the Bonus and Cash Respin symbols, to form winning combinations. Wilds only appear on reels 2 ,3 ,4 and 5. 3.3. Bonus symbol Landing 3 Bonus symbols anywhere on the reels will trigger 10 Free Spins . 5 more Free Spins will be added for each additional Bonus symbol, up to a maximum of 25 Free Spins . 3.4. Cash Respin symbol Landing 5 or more Cash Respin symbols anywhere on the reels will trigger Queen of Hearts Cash Respins . 3.5. Mystery symbol Randomly, on any spin a number of Mystery symbols can land in view. All Mystery symbols will turn into the same symbol, except Wild or Bonus symbols. Note : Mystery symbols are also available in Free Spins. 3.6. Cascading Wins Symbols spin into position to form a number of Megaways. Any win in view will start a Cascade . Symbols in winning combinations will explode and new symbols will drop into position. Cascades will continue until no new wins are formed. Note: During cascading wins, the number of ways is fixed at the same amount as on the initial winning spin. Bonus and Cash Respin symbols cannot be broken and will remain on screen until no more wins are formed. 3.7. Max Megaways During any paid spin the Max Megaways modifier can be triggered. This will happen randomly with a unique background animation and the modifier title appearing, causing the reels to land the maximum amount of Megaways available (117,649). Randomly, on any spin the Max Megaways can be triggered, and it will force the reels to a 117,649 megaways outcome. 3.8. Queen of Hearts Cash Respins Landing 5 or more Cash Respin symbols anywhere on the reels will trigger Queen of Hearts Cash Respins . Start with 3 Respins and if another Cash Respin symbol lands in view the number of respins will reset to 3. When the Respins end all Cash Respin symbol values in view will be paid. Cash Respin Symbols values will be multiplied by Total Bet. Note : Queen of Hearts Cash Respins can be triggered from Queen of Hearts Free Spins . If Queen of Hearts Cash Respins is triggered the active multiplier in Queen of Hearts Free Spins is carried over and all Cash Respin symbols are multiplied by that total multiplier. Respins will be fixed to the number of megaways it was triggered on. 3.9. Queen of Hearts Free Spins Landing 3 Bonus symbols anywhere on the reels will trigger 10 Free Spins . 5 more Free Spins will be added for each additional Bonus symbol, up to a maximum of 25 Free Spins . Free Spins cannot be retriggered. Note : Queen of Hearts Cash Respins can be triggered from Queen of Hearts Free Spins by landing 5 or more Cash Respins symbols. If Queen of Hearts Cash Respins is triggered the active multiplier in Queen of Hearts Free Spins is carried over and all Cash Respin symbols are multiplied by that total multiplier. During Free Spins the number of megaways is random. 3.10. Unlimited Multiplier An unlimited win multiplier, starting at x1, is active during Queen of Hearts Free Spins . After every cascading win during Free Spins, the multiplier will increase by x1. The new multiplier will apply to the next free spins win, whether it comes during the same series of cascades or on a later free spin. 3.11. Royal Guarantee A Royal Guarantee will trigger if the total win from Queen of Hearts Free Spins is less than 10x stake. The Royal Guarantee will award +5 Free Spins. Note : The Royal Guarantee can only happen once. 3.12. Queen of Hearts Bet The Queen of Hearts Bet costs 100 x Total Bet ( 2,000 coins). A Queen of Hearts Bet spin is guaranteed to trigger the Queen of Hearts Free Spins or the Queen of Hearts Cash Respins . Spin the wheel for a 50/50 chance of either Queen of Hearts Free Spins or Queen of Hearts Cash Respins . 3.13. Win Cap The maximum total win in a single game is capped at 1,000,000 coins. Any wins shown and played in the background after the win cap is applied on a single game are not awarded. Wins after the win cap will be shown as 0 in the Game History. If the win cap is reached during Respins, the feature will continue but only values up to the win cap total will be collected and paid at the end. If the win cap is reached during Free Spins, the feature will end regardless of spins remaining. Note: RespinsLeft= Queen of Hearts Cash Respins remaining. RespinsUsed= Queen of Hearts Cash Respins played. initial symbols= initial symbols. bonus_buy_entered= Queen of Hearts Bet. win_multiplier= Win Multiplier. combo= Cascading Wins. wins_cap_reached= Win cap. bonus game= Queen of Hearts Cash Respins. index 4. Other game buttons 4.1. Desktop version The following buttons are available: Click this button to toggle the game sound on or off. Click this button to open the PAYOUTS tab, where you can view several screens: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in either credit or your real currency - to toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area. information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts, or specific awards; the game lines and basic game rules. To navigate among the various screens in the PAYOUTS tab, click on the left and right arrows at the bottom of the screen. RULES In the last of the screens from the PAYOUTS tab, click this button to view detailed game rules, in a new browser window. (in real mode only) This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Click on it to view the gameplay history, in a new browser window. This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Click on it to close the game and to open the home website, in the same browser window. (available while the reels are spinning)(available only for specific jurisdictions) Click this button to stop the reels earlier. (available during winning animations) Click this button to skip the winning animations. (available only for specific jurisdictions) Click this button to activate Turbo mode. The Turbo mode speeds up the gameplay - the spin time is reduced to a minimum. 4.2. Mobile version The following buttons are available: Tap this button to toggle the game sound on or off. Tap this button to open the PAYOUTS tab, where you can view several screens: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in either credit or your real currency - to toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area. information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts, or specific awards; the game lines and basic game rules. To navigate among the various screens in the PAYOUTS tab, tap on the left and right arrows at the bottom of the screen. RULES In the last of the screens from the PAYOUTS tab, tap this button to view detailed game rules, in a new browser window. (in real mode only) This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap on it to view the gameplay history in a new browser window. This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap on it to close the game and to open the home website, in the same browser window. (available while the reels are spinning)(available only for specific jurisdictions) Tap this button to stop the reels earlier. (available during winning animations) Tap this button to skip the winning animations. (available only for specific jurisdictions) Tap this button to activate Turbo mode. The Turbo mode speeds up the gameplay - the spin time is reduced to a minimum. index 5. Auto spin feature The loss limit setting allows stopping the auto spin feature automatically when the selected limit, plus your cumulative winnings, and minus your cumulative bets, is less than 0. 5.1. Desktop version Click the AUTO SPIN button to open the AUTO SPIN settings window where you can set up the following: Number of auto spins : click + or - to select the number of auto spins to play. Loss limit : click + or - to select the value of the loss limit; Stop if a win reaches : click + or - to select the value of the maximum win; Stop if JACKPOT is won (only for games with Progressive Jackpots): to enable this setting, tick the checkbox ; to disable it, remove the tick. Click the ACTIVATE button to close the AUTO SPIN settings window and to start the auto spin feature with the currently selected bet and auto spin setup. Click the CLOSE button to close the window without starting the auto spin feature. Click the STOP AUTO SPIN button to stop the auto spin feature at any time. 5.2. Mobile version Tap the AUTO SPIN button to open the AUTO SPIN settings window where you can set up the following: Number of auto spins : tap + or - to select the number of auto spins to play. Loss limit : tap + or - to select the value of the loss limit; Stop if a win reaches : tap + or - to select the value of the maximum win; Stop if JACKPOT is won (only for games with Progressive Jackpots): to enable this setting, tick the checkbox ; to disable it, remove the tick. Tap the ACTIVATE button to close the SPIN settings window and to start the auto spin feature with the currently selected bet and auto spin setup. Tap the CLOSE button to close the window without starting the auto spin feature. Tap the STOP AUTO SPIN button to stop the auto spin feature at any time. Last modification date: 3/21/2024