Western Belles Introduction How To Bet Auto Spin Feature Stacked Wilds Feature Wild Reel Feature Free Spins Bonus Options Rules Additional Information Introduction Ride into the Wild West for frontier fun and increased wild action! With the Wild Reel feature, a playful pinup graces her cowgirl charm on the reels and makes an entire reel wild on each spin. More wild cowgirls and a more plentiful Stacked Wilds feature in the Free Spins Bonus increase the chances to round up the riches! top How To Bet Western Belles features 40 paylines. LINE BET Displays the current bet per line shown in currency. Press the left arrow (–) to decrease the bet per line. Press the right arrow (+) to increase the bet per line. 40 LINES + WILD REEL Displays the current number of paylines selected and whether or not the Wild Reel feature is enabled. Press the left arrow (–) to decrease the number of paylines played and to disable the Wild Reel feature. Press the right arrow (+) to increase the number of paylines played and to enable the Wild Reel feature. Each payline costs 1 coin. The Wild Reel feature costs 160 coins. SPIN Press to spin the reels and submit the bet. top Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of games at the current number of lines and line bet. Select the desired line bet, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many games to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of games until the STOP button is pressed, a bonus is triggered, or the balance is insufficient to spin again. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. top Stacked Wilds Feature With the Stacked Wilds feature, each reel is loaded with groups of four or more consecutive Wild symbols. In the Free Spins Bonus, the Stacked Wilds feature is even richer and more plentiful. top Wild Reel Feature Enable the Wild Reel feature by selecting 40 LINES + WILD REEL for 200 coins. With the Wild Reel feature, one all-Wild reel appears per base game spin; two all-Wild reels appear per free spin. An all-Wild reel can appear in any of the five reel positions. Actual position is randomly selected for each spin. All-Wild reels still contain Bonus symbols, so the odds of triggering a Bonus are the same whether the Wild Reel feature is enabled or not. top Free Spins Bonus The Free Spins Bonus is triggered by getting three Bonus scatter symbols anywhere on the centre three reels. These symbols are only found on reels 2, 3, and 4. Triggering the Free Spins Bonus awards 5 free spins. The reels in the Free Spins Bonus have a richer, more plentiful Stacked Wilds feature than the base game reels. During the Free Spins Bonus, the Bonus can be retriggered by getting three Bonus scatter symbols anywhere on the centre three reels. These symbols are only found on reels 2, 3, and 4. The Bonus can be retriggered multiple times, up to a maximum of 255 free spins per Bonus. Free spins are played at same line bet and same number of lines as the triggering game. top Options Graphics Quality Adjust the quality of the graphics to get the optimal animation performance. BEST mode - Graphics look best, but performance may suffer. HIGH mode (default) - Optimal graphics and performance setting. MEDIUM mode - Lower quality but increased performance. LOW mode - Degraded graphics, but smoothest animation performance is achieved even on slower computers. top Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the line bet on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Only the highest scatter win is paid. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Scatter wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Wins are shown in currency. Regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the Free Spins Bonus plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately irrespective of any remaining free spins. top Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. The theoretical return to player of this game is 94.84% Intellectual Property Copyright: Brown & Bigelow, Inc., Saint Paul, Minnesota All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of IGT in the U.S. and/or other countries. © 2014 IGT. All rights reserved. Last modification date: 12/27/2021