Wheel of Fortune Triple Gold Gold Spin Wheel of Fortune® Triple Gold Gold Spin Get ready to be the newest contestant in the iconic Wheel of Fortune ! Wheel of Fortune® Triple Gold Gold Spin is a stepper game with 5 paylines, sub-symbols that multiply line wins, the iconic Wheel of Fortune Bonus , a Gold Spin Bonus , and a progressive jackpot. How to Bet Wheel of Fortune® Triple Gold Gold Spin features 5 paylines. Bet Settings Menu Press the cog or TOTAL BET to open the bet configuration menu. Total Bet Displays the current number of paylines, bonus eligibility, and total bet shown in currency. To change the bet: Select the desired total bet. On desktop devices, press the minus button (–) to decrease the total bet, or press the plus button (+) to increase the total bet. Press OK to confirm and close the bet settings menu. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current total bet and number of paylines selected. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins and where available, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Sub-Symbol Feature All symbols except Triple 7s, Spin Scatter, and Gold Spin Scatter Symbols may appear with a Triple Sub-Symbol. Symbols containing a Triple Sub-Symbol substitute for their respective symbols without the Triple Sub-Symbol. If 1 symbol in a line win contains a Triple Sub-Symbol, that win is multiplied by 3x. If 2 symbols in a line win contain a Triple Sub-Symbol, that win is multiplied by 9x. If 3 symbols in a line win contain a Triple Sub-Symbol, that win is multiplied by 27x. Wheel of Fortune Bonus The Wheel of Fortune Bonus is triggered when the Spin Scatter Symbol appears in any active position on reel 3 with $5 or more bet. Triggering the Wheel of Fortune Bonus awards 1 spin of the Wheel of Fortune wheel. After the wheel stops, the prize value indicated by the wheel pointer is awarded and the bonus ends. Gold Spin Bonus The Gold Spin Bonus is triggered when the Gold Spin Scatter Symbol appears in any active position on reel 3 with a $7 or $10 bet. Triggering the Gold Spin Bonus awards 1 spin of the Gold Spin wheel. Available wheel awards when betting $7 are the Progressive Jackpot, 35, 40, 45, 50, 55, 60, 70, 75, 80, 100, 125, 150, 200, and 250 coins, and 2x, 3x, and 7x multipliers. Available wheel awards when betting $10 are the Progressive Jackpot, 45, 50, 60, 65, 75, 80, 90, 100, 125, and 150 coins, and 3x, 5x, and 15x multipliers. If the Gold Spin wheel pointer indicates a 2x, 3x, 5x, 7x, or 15x multiplier, 1 spin of the Wheel of Fortune wheel is awarded. After the Wheel of Fortune wheel stops, win the value indicated by the wheel pointer, times the multiplier awarded from the Gold Spin wheel. A different Wheel of Fortune wheel is used at different multipliers. The Gold Spin Bonus ends after all awarded wheel spins have been played. A different Gold Spin wheel is used when playing $7 or $10. Winning the Progressive Jackpot Wheel of Fortune Triple Gold Gold Spin offers 2 ways to win the Progressive Jackpot. At a $5 or higher bet, a Wheel Triple 7s Symbol and 2 Wheel Triple 7s Symbols with Triple Sub-Symbol on the first payline awards the Progressive Jackpot. At a $7 or $10 bet, the Progressive Jackpot may be awarded during the Gold Spin Bonus . The Progressive Jackpot value is shown in currency and is not multiplied by any value. The odds of winning the Progressive Jackpot are proportional to the amount wagered. The higher the bet, the better the odds of winning. For example, a player playing at a 10.00 total bet has twice the chance of winning the Progressive Jackpot as a player playing at a 5.00 total bet in the same currency. The expected return to player is the same for both players. Therefore, the game is completely fair, offering the same odds per amount per bet currency. Options All Sound Toggle game sounds on or off. Sound Effects Toggle sound effects on or off. Music Toggle music on or off. Voice Toggle voiceover on or off. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far-left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the coin value on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Only the highest scatter win is paid per Scatter Symbol. Coinciding scatter wins from different Scatter Symbols are added. Scatter wins are multiplied by the coin value. Scatter wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Spin Scatter Symbol appears on reel 3 only. Gold Spin Scatter Symbol appears on reel 3 only. Wheel Triple 7s Symbol appears on reel 1 only. Wheel Triple 7s Symbol with Triple Sub-Symbol appears on reels 2 and 3 only. Wins are shown in currency. When a player wins the Jackpot, a notification message appears. Customer service will contact the player within 24 hours with details of your Jackpot payout. The award verification may take up to 72 hours, and the win will not be reflected in your account balance. You may continue to play. It will not affect your Jackpot. The amount paid after verification is approximately the amount seen on the Jackpot meter when the win occurs. Potentially, the awarded Jackpot could be somewhat higher because of display delays. In an exceptionally rare case, 2 players may simultaneously win the same progressive jackpot. The order of winners is determined solely by the timestamp applied to each transaction request as it is received by our servers. The official winning outcome belongs to the player whose transaction timestamp is first. The player whose timestamp is second will win the jackpot re-seed amount if their winning outcome occurred just after the other player’s win, but before the meter was able to reset. Progressive jackpot is paid in 20 equal annual installments, or the winner may elect to receive a single discounted lump sum payment. All applicable taxes and fees in connection with any winnings awarded to the player, and any other payments to the winning player are his/her sole responsibility. Winnings cannot be transferred, substituted, or redeemed for any other consideration. Jackpot represents an increasing top award where the growth is funded by a fixed percentage of each bet placed by all players playing for the jackpot. In this game, the wheel is a graphical animation for entertainment purposes only and does not represent an actual wheel. The chances of obtaining a specific segment are therefore not equiprobable. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there may be an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. Additional Information Lost Connection During Jackpot Win In the unlikely event of a lost connection or game reset during a jackpot-triggering spin, the jackpot will be awarded. Notification of the jackpot win will not appear on the screen when the game is reloaded, and the win will not be reflected in your account balance. Any standard wins will be reflected in your account balance. Continued play, whether in this game or any other, does not affect the jackpot payout. Last modification date: 5/24/2023