Wild Fury Get ready to play with fire! Wild Fury offers reels loaded with Wild symbols and the chance to win one of five jackpots. The popular Stacked Wilds feature offers more chances to collect Wild symbols and increase the jackpot values! Unleash the fiery dragons when eight or more Wilds appear on a single spin. Trigger the Free Spins Bonus and spin the wheel for a chance to win up to 20 free spins. Watch for Level Up symbols during the bonus to increase the jackpot values even more. With a guaranteed jackpot win in every bonus, this game is hot, hot, hot! How to Bet Wild Fury Jackpots features 10 paylines. Bet Configuration Menu (mobile/tablet) Press the arrow to open the bet configuration menu. Press the check mark to confirm and close the bet configuration menu. Lines Displays the current number of paylines. Betting is fixed at 10 paylines. Total Bet Displays the current total bet shown in currency. Press the minus button (–) to decrease the total bet. Press the plus button (+) to increase the total bet. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current line bet selected and number of paylines. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Stacked Wilds Feature With the Stacked Wilds feature, each reel is loaded with groups of four or more consecutive Wild symbols. In the Free Spins Bonus , the Stacked Wilds feature is even richer and more plentiful. Free Spins Bonus The Free Spins Bonus is triggered when three Bonus scatter symbols appear anywhere on the centre reels. These symbols are found on reels 2, 3, and 4 only. A single wheel spin occurs before the Free Spins Bonus to determine the number of initial free spins awarded. After the wheel stops, 10, 15, or 20 free spins are awarded as indicated by the wheel pointer. The reels in the Free Spins Bonus have a richer, more plentiful Stacked Wilds feature than the base game reels. Each Plus 1 Spin symbol in any position on the reels awards 1 extra free spin, up to a maximum of 100 free spins per bonus. Reels used in the Free Spins Bonus are different from the reels used in the base game. Free spins are played at same line bet and same number of paylines as the triggering spin. Jackpot Bonus Wild symbols that appear on the reels during the Free Spins Bonus are collected to win Jackpot awards. At the end of the bonus, the total number of Wild symbols is compared to the Jackpot thresholds and the highest single eligible Jackpot is awarded. The number of Wild symbols collected always start at zero on each Free Spins Bonus trigger. Number of Wild Symbols Jackpot Starting Value 100 or more 2000 65 to 99 500 40 to 64 200 20 to 39 125 less than 20 80 Each Level Up symbol in any position on reel 3 increases each Jackpot by its starting value. Each Double Level Up symbol in any position on reel 3 increases each Jackpot by 2 times its starting value. Jackpots may be increased up to a maximum of 10 times. After all awarded free spins have been played, the Jackpot value is awarded corresponding to the highest number of Wild symbols collected. Jackpot values are multiplied by the line bet. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far-left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the line bet on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Only the highest scatter win is paid per scatter symbol. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Scatter wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Wild symbol appears on all reels in the base game and the Free Spins Bonus . Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. RTP: The Theoretical Return to Player is 91.90% Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent, except in cases where one spin unlocks a feature for a subsequent spin or series of spins, per the game rules. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. Intellectual Property © 2018 IGT. All rights reserved. All other trademarks used herein are owned by IGT or its affiliates, may not be used without permission, and where indicated with a ®, are registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/5/2020