White Orchid Behold the wonder and power of nature. Enjoy unprecedented levels of slot action with 40 paylines plus 1024 additional ways to win! Bet 40 coins to activate 40 paylines; gain 1024 more ways to win for only 40 coins more. With twenty independent reels, you can reap awe-inspiring pays for big clusters of matching symbols. Get two or more Bonus symbols and discover exotic wins in the White Falls™ Free Spins Bonus. Enjoy 10, 15, or 20 free spins on extra-rich bonus reels with the opportunity to retrigger the bonus multiple times. How to Bet White Orchid™ features 40 paylines plus 1024 Ways. Each payline costs one coin to play. You can activate 1024 Ways by betting 40 coins more. You may set the value of each coin using the controls. Your coin value multiplies payline and MultiWay™ wins (if 1024 Ways are activated). COIN VALUE Displays current value of each coin shown in currency. Click the left arrow (with a minus sign) to decrease the value of each coin. Click the right arrow (with a plus sign) to increase the value of each coin. Clicking the left and right arrows does not necessarily decrease or increase your coin value in a linear fashion. Rather, your coin value decreases or increases at preset increments which represent the most popular bet amounts. LINE + WAYS Displays the current number of paylines selected and whether 1024 Ways is enabled. Click the left arrow (with a minus sign) to decrease number of paylines played and to disable 1024 Ways. Click the right arrow (with a plus sign) to increase number of paylines played and to activate 1024 Ways. Choose between 1, 10, 20, 40 paylines, or 40 paylines plus 1024 Ways activated. 1024 Ways may only be activated if you are playing 40 paylines. SPIN Click to spin the reels and submit your bet. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of games at the current number of lines and ways (if 1024 Ways is activated) at the current coin value. Once you have selected your desired number of lines, ways, and coin value, click AUTO SPIN and choose how many games you want to play. Auto Spin will keep playing the specified number of games until you click the STOP button, you trigger a Bonus, or your balance is insufficient to spin again. [ top ] 1024 Ways - MultiWay™ Pays If 1024 Ways are activated (see How to Bet), you gain 1024 more ways to win with MultiWay™ awards. MultiWay™ awards pay for matching symbols in any position in four or more adjacent columns, starting from the leftmost column. More than one matching symbol in the same column multiplies the award. Each symbol position is a separate reel, so matching symbols can appear in multiple positions leading to massive wins. MultiWay™ awards are paid in addition to any line awards. You'll enjoy the richest play experience with 1024 Ways activated. Example of a MultiWay™ payout: This following diagram shows a sample reel outcome, focusing only on the Queen symbols. Since there is at least one Queen symbol in each of the first four columns, the player has won the 4 Queen MultiWay™ award which pays 10 coins per way. To determine the payout for this combination, count the number of Queen symbols in each column. For example, the second column has 3 Queens in it. Next, multiply those counts together which equals the number of winning ways. In this example, that would be 1 x 3 x 2 x 1 = 6 winning ways. Finally, multiply the number of winning ways times the payout for the 4 Queen MultiWay™ award. In this example, that would be 6 x 10 = 60 coins won. The actual amount won in currency would be based on the coin value. Payout example: 1 x 3 x 2 x 1 Queens ? 6 winning ways: Column 1 Column 2 Column 3 Column 4 Column 5 Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen Queen 1 Queen 3 Queens 2 Queens 1 Queen White Falls™ Free Spins Bonus You can trigger the White Falls™ Free Spins Bonus by getting two or more Bonus symbols on any of the centre column reels. The more Bonus symbols that appear at the same time, the more free spins you are awarded. See the paytable for details. During the White Falls™ Free Spins Bonus, you can retrigger the Bonus multiple times. Your White Falls™ Free Spins Bonus continues until you have 0 spins remaining, or until you have played 130 free spins, or until the maximum award is reached. To retrigger the Bonus, you need to get two or more Bonus symbols on any of the centre column reels on a Free Spin. Your bet in the White Falls™ Free Spins Bonus, including 1024 Ways activation, is the same as on the reel spin that triggered the Bonus. The White Falls™ Free Spin Bonus has richer reels and more ways to win than the main game. Options Graphics Quality Adjust the quality of the graphics to get the optimal animation performance. BEST mode - Graphics look best, but performance may suffer. HIGH mode (default) - Optimal graphics and performance setting. MEDIUM mode - Lower quality but increased performance. LOW mode - Degraded graphics, but smoothest animation performance is achieved even on slower computers. Rules Malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line pay symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. Only highest winner paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the coin value on the winning line. Coinciding wins on different paylines are added. MultiWay™ wins (only available when 1024 Ways activated) are independent from payline awards and are also added to the total amount paid. MultiWay™ wins are formed when the same symbol (or its substitute) appears on contiguous columns starting with the left-most column. MultiWay™ wins are multiplied by the coin value. Awards are shown in currency. Regardless of your bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the White Falls™ Free Spins Bonus plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the Bonus, the Bonus may end early before all free spins have been completed. Additional Information In addition to the features described in the How to Bet section, the Controls Bar on the bottom of the game screen displays the current balance in the chosen currency, the amount paid if a win occurs, and the amount bet on the last/current proposition. All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of IGT and/or its licensors in the U.S. and/or other countries. Copyright © 2013 IGT. All rights reserved. Last modification date: 12/27/2021