Wheel of Fortune Megaways Introducing the game Wheel of Fortune Megaways is a 6 reel Megaways game with up to 117,649 ways to win in the base game and up to 1,000,000 ways to win in the Free Spins with Extending Reels. How to play Select your stake by clicking the left and right arrow buttons on the stake. The stake value is displayed in the stake display. All payouts are multiplied by the stake of each individual spin. Auto play To set up Auto play press the Auto button. This will display Auto play panel which the player can use to modify the number of spins, set a loss limit or set a win limit. When a loss limit has been set the player can select Start to commence auto play. When Auto play is on, the Play button will change to a Stop button. The remaining Auto plays will be displayed in the Stop button. The player can cancel Auto play by clicking the Stop button. Auto play will stop automatically if any of the limits set is reached or anything occurs that requires player intervention. Auto play may not be available in your jurisdiction. Start the spin Press the Play button to start the spin at the stake displayed. The reels will spin and then come to stop, displaying the result. Wild Wild substitutes for all symbols except Scatter and Expansion Symbol. Wilds occur on reels 2 to 5 only. Every Wild has a chance of transforming into a Wild Megastack of seven Wilds. Up to 3 Wild Megastacks can appear per base game spin. Scatter 3, 4, 5 or 6 Scatters in any position award 12, 14, 16 or 18 Free Spins, respectively. The Scatter does not appear in the Free Spins. Free Spins Free Spins start with between 4 and 7 symbols per reel. The number of symbols per reel carries to the next spin. Spin the Megaways Wheel to reveal your starting Megaways. From 14,000 to 117,649 Megaways will be revealed and the Free Spins will then commence. The stake that was used to trigger the Free Spins will be used for the Free Spins duration. Extending Reels™ The Expansion Symbol triggers the Extending Reel enhancement. Every time an Expansion Symbol lands it is replaced by two new symbols and the number of symbols in that reel increases by one. Wins are paid after the increased number of symbols are displayed. The reels can extend up to a maximum of 10 symbols per reel. The Expansion Symbol only appears during the Free Spins. Free Spin Retrigger When a reel reaches the maximum of ten symbols, the Free Spins are retriggered. Spin the Retrigger Wheel to reveal up to an additional 12 Free Spins. Wild Megastacks After a reel has retriggered, a Wild on that reel may transform into a Wild Megastack of ten Wilds. Up to two Wild Megastacks can appear per free spin. Symbol Wins A win is matching consecutive symbols, regardless of height, from left to right starting from left most reel. Highest win paid per winning combination. All winning combinations are added together. See PAYS for further information. General Information The game has an RTP of 96.46%. In some jurisdictions and casinos, an award cap might be in place. The total win for any bet cannot be higher than the award cap. If the award cap is reached during a feature then the feature ends immediately. To find out if an award cap is in place, check the in-game Help and the casino's terms and conditions. System malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 2/24/2021