Wolf Ridge Bask in the glow of the Northern Lights and enjoy the howling big wins in Wolf Ridge! Rich rewards abound in the snow fields when Bonus scatter symbols appear on reels 1, 3, and 5 and trigger the Prize Disk feature, where each triggering symbol pays a bonus win or awards free spins. Bonus scatter symbols can appear on all reels in the Free Spins Bonus, offering even more chances to experience the untamed abundance of the Prize Disk feature! How to Bet Wolf Ridge features 30 paylines for 50 coins. 30 Lines + Feature Displays the current number of coins being played. Betting is fixed at 30 paylines which costs 50 coins. Coins Displays the current number of coins being played. Betting is fixed at 30 paylines, which costs 50 coins. Total Bet Displays the current total bet shown in currency. Press the minus button (–) to decrease the total bet. Press the plus button (+) to increase the total bet. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current coin value and number of paylines selected. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN, and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Prize Disk Feature The Prize Disk feature is triggered when a Bonus scatter symbol appears on the reels. These symbols appear on reels 1, 3, and 5 in the base game and on all reels in the Free Spins Bonus. Each triggering Bonus scatter symbol pays a bonus win or awards free spins as shown in the Prize Disk position above the triggering symbol. On each spin, the awards in the Prize Disk shift one reel to the left, introducing a different award in the Prize Disk position above the fifth reel. If a Bonus scatter symbol appears in any position on reel 3 and awards a prize, the prize value is multiplied by 3. If a Bonus scatter symbol appears in any position on reel 2 or reel 4 during the Free Spin Bonus, and awards a prize, the prize value is multiplied by 2. The Prize Disk values used during the Free Spins Bonus are different from the Prize Disk values used in the base game. Prize Disk values are 2x – 70x the total bet in the base game, and 2x – 150x the total bet in the Free Spin Bonus. The available Prize Disk values differ per total bet and are stored across play sessions. Free Spins Bonus The Free Spins Bonus is triggered when one or more Free Spins symbols are awarded from the Prize Disk feature. Each triggering Free Spins symbol awards 10 free spins. The reels in the Free Spins Bonus are richer than the base game reels, with more Bonus symbols added to the reels. The Free Spins Bonus is retriggered when one or more Extra Spins symbols are awarded from the Prize Disk feature. Each triggering Extra Spins symbol awards 2 additional free spins. The bonus can be retriggered multiple times, up to a maximum of 250 free spins per bonus. Reels used during the Free Spins Bonus are different from the reels used in the base game. Free spins are played at the same total bet and same number of paylines as the triggering spin. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far-left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Only the highest scatter win is paid per scatter symbol. Coinciding scatter wins from different scatter symbols are added. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Bonus scatter symbols appear on reels 1, 3, and 5 in the base game and on all reels in the Free Spins Bonus. Prize Disk wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Wild symbol appears on reels 2, 3, and 4 only. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. The theoretical return to player of this game is 96.05% Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent, except in cases where one spin unlocks a feature for a subsequent spin or series of spins, per the game rules. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. Last modification date: 12/27/2021