Wheel of Fortune Pink Diamond How to Bet Wheel of Fortune Pink Diamond features 5 paylines. Bet Settings Menu Press the cog or TOTAL BET to open the Bet Settings menu. Total Bet Displays the total bet shown in currency. Change by selecting the desired total bet. Bets of $1.00, $2.00, $3.00, and $4.00 play on 1, 2, 3, and 4 active paylines, respectively. Bets of $5.00 or more play on 5 active paylines. On desktop devices, optionally press minus (–) to decrease the total bet or press plus (+) to increase the total bet. Press OK to confirm and close the Bet Settings menu. Coin Value Displays the current coin value shown in currency. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current total bet and number of paylines selected. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins and where available, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus triggers, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. How to Win Wheel Pink 7, White 7, Blue 7, 5 Bar, and Bar Symbols may appear with a Double sub-symbol. Symbols containing Double sub-symbol substitute for their respective symbols without Double. If one symbol in a line win contains a Double sub-symbol, that win multiplies by 2x. If two symbols in a line win contain a Double sub-symbol, that win multiplies by 4x. If three symbols in a line win contain a Double sub-symbol, that win multiplies by 8x. Wheel Pink 7 – Wheel Pink 7 Double - Wheel Pink 7 win combination is not multiplied by any value. Wheel of Fortune Bonus The Wheel of Fortune Bonus triggers when the Spin Scatter Symbol appears in any active position on reels 1, 2, and 3 on a paid line. 1 wheel spin is awarded. Awards are multiplied by the coin value of the triggering spin. Winning the Jackpot Win the Progressive Jackpot with bets of $5.00 or more when Wheel Pink 7 - Wheel Pink 7 Double - Wheel Pink 7 Symbols appear on specific paylines based on the bet. Bet amount Progressive awarding paylines $5.00 1 $10.00 1 and 2 $15.00 1, 2, and 3 $20.00 1, 2, 3, and 4 $25.00+ 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5 The odds of winning the Progressive Jackpot are proportional to the amount wagered. The higher the bet, the better the odds of winning. For example, a player playing at a $10.00 total bet has twice the chance of winning the Progressive Jackpot as a player playing at a $5.00 total bet in the same currency. The expected return to player is the same for both players. Therefore, the game is completely fair, offering the same odds per amount per bet currency. The Jackpot value is shown in currency and is not multiplied by any value. Wheel Pink 7 - Wheel Pink 7 Double - Wheel Pink 7 line win is not paid in addition to the jackpot. Options All Sound Toggle game sounds on or off. Sound Effects Toggle sound effects on or off. Music Toggle music on or off. Voice Toggle voiceover on or off. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, except the any 2 Spin Symbol combination where reels do not need to be consecutive , beginning with the far-left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the coin value. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Bonus wins are independent from line wins and add to the total amount paid. Wins are shown in currency. When a player wins the Jackpot, a notification message appears. Customer service will contact the player within 24 hours with details of your Jackpot payout. The award verification may take up to 72 hours, and the win will not be reflected in your account balance. You may continue to play. It will not affect your Jackpot. The amount paid after verification is approximately the amount seen on the Jackpot meter when the win occurs. Potentially, the awarded Jackpot could be somewhat higher because of display delays. In an exceptionally rare case, 2 players may simultaneously win the same progressive jackpot. The order of winners is determined solely by the timestamp applied to each transaction request as it is received by our servers. The official winning outcome belongs to the player whose transaction timestamp is first. The player whose timestamp is second will win the jackpot re-seed amount if their winning outcome occurred just after the other player’s win, but before the meter was able to reset. All applicable taxes and fees in connection with any winnings awarded to the player, and any other payments to the winning player are his/her sole responsibility. Winnings cannot be transferred, substituted, or redeemed for any other consideration. When playing in New Jersey, the progressive jackpot is paid in 20 equal annual installments, or the winner may elect to receive a single discounted lump sum payment. Jackpot represents an increasing top award where the growth is funded by a fixed percentage of each bet placed by all players playing for the jackpot. Jackpot is not available in free play mode. In this game, the wheel is a graphical animation for entertainment purposes only and does not represent an actual wheel. The chances of obtaining a specific segment are therefore not equiprobable. Additional Information Lost Connection During Jackpot Win In the unlikely event of a lost connection or game reset during a jackpot-triggering spin, the jackpot will be awarded. Notification of the jackpot win may not appear on the screen when the game is reloaded, and the win will not be reflected in your account balance. Any standard wins will be reflected in your account balance. Continued play, whether in this game or any other, does not affect the jackpot payout. Last modification date: 11/4/2025