Whitney Houston Whitney Houston How to Bet Bet Settings Menu Press the wheel or TOTAL BET to open the Bet Settings menu. 243 Ways Displays the current number of ways being played. Betting is fixed at 243 ways. Coins Displays the current number of coins being played. Total Bet Displays the current total bet shown in currency. Change by selecting the desired total bet. On desktop devices, optionally press the minus button (–) to decrease the bet or press the plus button (+) to increase the bet. Press OK to confirm and close the Bet Settings menu. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at 243 ways and the current total bet. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins and where available, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Wheel Bonus 3 Bonus Scatter Symbols in any position on reels 2, 3, and 4 awards the Wheel Bonus. Win 1 wheel spin. Available wheel awards are Mini, Minor, Major, Grand or Platinum Jackpots or 10, 15, or 20 free spins. If a Mini or Minor award includes a 2x or 3x icon, the jackpot is multiplied by 2x or 3x, respectively. After the wheel stops, win the jackpot award or the number of free spins indicated by wheel pointers. Whitney Respin Bonus During the base game or free spins, 6 or more Record Scatter Symbols appearing in any position on the reels trigger the Whitney Respin Bonus . Triggering the Whitney Respin Bonus awards 3 respins. The Whitney Respin Bonus begins with game position 1 active. If 9 or more Record Symbols appear on the reels in the triggering spin, game position 2 is also activated. Prize values are shown in currency and are pre-multiplied by the coin value of the triggering spin. Each unlocked symbol position in all 4 game positions is a separate reel during the respins. Only Record Symbols are available during the bonus. All symbol positions containing Record Symbols in game position 1 lock for the remainder of the bonus. Collect the number of required Record Symbols displayed on an inactive game position to activate that game position: 9 Record Symbols in game position 1 activates game position 2 A total of 18 Record Symbols in game positions 1 and 2 activates game position 3 A total of 32 Record Symbols in game positions 1, 2, and 3 activates game position 4 If a Record Symbol appears on 1 or more unlocked reels in an active game position after a respin, the number of respins remaining resets to 3, the number of Record Symbols appearing on unlocked reels in active game positions are collected in each More to Activate meter, and all symbol positions containing Record Symbols in all game positions lock for the remainder of the bonus. If the required number of Record Symbols have been collected for a game position, that game position is activated for that respin and the remainder of the bonus. Wins are evaluated in active game positions after all awarded respins have been played or after all reels in all game positions have locked. Any respins remaining after all reels in all game positions have locked are not played. If 15 Record Symbols appear on the reels in an active game position, the Grand Jackpot is awarded. Each Record appearing with a Major, Minor, or Mini Jackpot icon in an active game position awards the Major Jackpot, Minor Jackpot, or Mini Jackpot. All values appearing with Record Symbols in active game positions are also awarded. The Whitney Respin Bonus continues until no respins remain or until all reels have locked, with all accumulated wins awarded to the player. More than 1 jackpot may be awarded during the Whitney Respin Bonus . Different reels are used during the Whitney Respin Bonus . Different reels are used for each game position. Reels are determined at the start of each respin and depend on the number of locked Record Symbols on the reels. Star Bowl Feature After the reels stop spinning, 1 to 5 Record Symbols appearing in any position on the reels in a base game or free spin may trigger the Star Bowl feature. If awarded, the Star Bowl places 1 to 5 additional Record Symbols on the reels for a total of 6 Record Symbols to trigger the Whitney Respin Bonus . Record Symbols cannot be placed on a symbol position that contains a Record Symbol, a Bonus Symbol or a Free Spins Retrigger Symbol. Free Spins Bonus The Free Spins Bonus is triggered when 10, 15, or 20 free spins are indicated by the pointers in the Wheel Bonus. 3 Free Spins Scatter Symbols appearing in any positions on reels 2, 3, and 4 award 5 extra free spins, for a maximum of 60 spins per bonus. During Free Spins, the Star Bowl may place Multiplier Wild Symbols on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5. A maximum of 3 Multiplier Wild Symbols may be placed per Free Spin. Multiplier Wild Symbol substituting in a MultiWay win multiplies the pay for that win by the displayed multiplier. More than 1 Multiplier Wild Symbol may substitute and multiply in a MultiWay win. Reels used in the Free Spins Bonus are different from the reels used in the base game. Free Spins are played at same total bet as the triggering spin. If the Whitney Respin Bonus is awarded during the free spins, the free spins continue after the completion of the Whitney Respin Bonus . Options All Sound Toggle game sounds on or off. Music Toggle music on or off. Sound Effects Toggle sound effects on or off. Voice Toggle voiceover on or off. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. MultiWay wins pay for the same symbol in any position in adjacent columns. Same symbol in same column multiplies win. MultiWay wins pay left to right. Only the highest paying MultiWay win for each symbol is paid per spin. Coinciding MultiWay wins from different symbols are added. MultiWay wins are shown at current bet. Wild Symbol appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 in the base game and Free Spins Bonus . Wild Symbol is Wild and substitutes for all symbols except Bonus symbol and Record symbol in the base game. Wild Symbol is Wild and substitutes for all symbols except Free Spins Retrigger symbol and Record symbol in the Free Spins Bonus . 2x, 3x, 4x, or 5x Multiplier Wild Symbols are Wild and substitute for all symbols except Free Spins Retrigger symbol and Record symbol in the Free Spins Bonus . Bonus wins are independent from MultiWay wins and are added to the total amount paid. Platinum, Grand, Major, Minor, and Mini Jackpots are fixed awards and are not shared – they are only winnable by the player. An increase in the size of the star bowl and an increased number of records and stars in the bowl have no effect on game play. In this game, the wheel is a graphical animation for entertainment purposes only and does not represent an actual wheel. The chances of obtaining a specific segment are therefore not equiprobable. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there may be an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins.Malfunction void all pays and plays. Last modification date: 8/12/2025