Wheel of Fortune: Triple Extreme Wheel of Fortune® Triple Extreme Spin Triple the wheels, triple the spins, and triple the excitement with Wheel of Fortune® Triple Extreme Spin ! Enjoy MultiWay Xtra gameplay along with the thrill of spinning three wheels with up to 7 pointers in the Triple Extreme Spin Bonus . How To Bet Auto Spin Feature MultiWay Xtra Feature Mini Wheel Bonus Triple Extreme Spin Bonus Options Rules Additional Information How To Bet Wheel of Fortune® Triple Extreme Spin offers 720 ways to win for only 50 coins. COIN VALUE Displays the current bet per line shown in currency. Press the left arrow (–) to decrease the coin value. Press the right arrow (+) button to increase the coin value. 720 WAYS Displays the current number of ways being played. Betting is fixed at 720 ways which costs 50 coins. SPIN BUTTON Press to submit the bet and spin the reels. [ top ] Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of games at 720 ways and the current coin value. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until the STOP button is pressed, a bonus is triggered, or the balance is insufficient to spin again. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. [ top ] MultiWay Xtra Feature With the MultiWay Xtra feature, there are 720 ways to win on every spin. MultiWay Xtra wins pay for matching symbols in any position in adjacent columns, starting from the leftmost column or the rightmost column. More than one matching symbol in the same column multiplies the award. The Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except for the Scatter and Bonus symbols. Only the highest paying MultiWay Xtra win for each symbol is paid per spin. Example of a MultiWay Xtra payout: The following diagram shows a sample reel outcome using the Orange symbol. Because there is at least one Orange or Wild symbol in each of the first four columns, the player has won the 4 Orange MultiWay Xtra win which pays 15 coins per way. Payout example: 1 x 2 x 3 x 1 Orange → 6 winning ways: Column 1 Column 2 Column 3 Column 4 Column 5 Wild Orange Orange Wild Wild Wild Wild 1 Orange 2 Orange 3 Orange 1 Orange To determine the payout for this combination: Count the number of Orange and Wild symbols in each column. Calculate the total number of winning ways (1 x 2 x 3 x 1 = 6). Multiply the number of ways by the 4 Orange symbol win (6 x 15 = 90). The win is 90 coins. The actual amount won in currency is based on the coin value. [ top ] Mini Wheel Bonus The Mini Wheel Bonus is triggered when 3 or more Scatter symbols appear in any position on the reels. The symbols that triggered the bonus immediately turn into wheels that begin spinning at the same time. The wheels stop in order from left to right. Indicated values on the wheels, after they stop, are added together and then multiplied by the total triggering bet to determine the total win of the bonus. Each reel has a different wheel associated with it. Mini Wheel Bonus wins are independent from MultiWay wins and are added to the total amount paid. [ top ] Triple Extreme Spin Bonus The bonus is triggered by 3 or more Bonus symbols appearing in any positions on the reels. 12 envelopes are displayed after entering the bonus. Select a number of envelopes equal to the number of triggering symbols for the bonus. Each selected envelope awards a pointer for either the blue, red, or yellow wheel. Each wheel has 3 pointers and any selected pointers after the first 3 for a particular wheel pay a predetermined amount. If no pointers for the red or blue wheels are selected, the center pointer on the red wheel is awarded. When all the awarded selections have been exhausted, the wheels are spun. The blue and red wheel contains pay values while the yellow wheel contains multiplier values. The bonus pays the sum of all values on slices aligned with active pointers on the blue and red wheels, plus any overflow values awarded during the pick bonus, multiplied by the sum of multiplier values on the yellow wheel aligned with active pointers, times the triggering coin value. Bonus symbols appear on reels 2, 3, and 4 only. [ top ] Options Graphics Quality Adjust the quality of the graphics to get the optimal animation performance. BEST mode - Highest quality graphics, but performance may suffer. HIGH mode (default) - Balance graphics and performance setting. MEDIUM mode - Lower quality but increased performance. LOW mode - Minimal graphics, but smoothest animation performance is achieved even on slower computers. [ top ] Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. MultiWay Xtra wins pay for the same symbol in any position in adjacent columns. Same symbol in same column multiplies win. MultiWay Xtra wins pay left to right and right to left. Only the highest paying MultiWay Xtra win for each symbol is paid per spin. Coinciding MultiWay Xtra wins from different symbols are added. MultiWay Xtra wins are multiplied by the coin value. Wild symbol appears on reels 2, 3, and 4 in the base game. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the Triple Extreme Spin Bonus plus the outcome which launched the bonus. [ top ] Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. The theoretical return to player of this game is 96.00% The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Intellectual Property TM & © 2014 Califon Productions, Inc. All Rights Reserved. © 2014 IGT. All rights reserved. Last modification date: 6/5/2020