Wheel of Fortune on Tour Wheel Of Fortune® On Tour Are you ready to take the fun, excitement and big wins of Wheel of Fortune® on the road? Load up the Winnebago and fill up the tank! Wheel of Fortune® On Tour offers the popular Level Up Plus feature. Leveling up unlocks exciting new bonus games that permanently increase your payback. When the Wheelmobile Wilds feature triggers, all occurrences of up to four randomly chosen symbols transform to Wilds, increasing your odds of winning an astoundingly large payout. In the On Tour Bonus, spin the Wheel of Fortune® wheel to earn cash and play bonuses. As you level up via Level Up Plus , you unlock up to 5 new slices on the On Tour Bonus' wheel that trigger exciting new features. Visit iconic American sites and earn amazing riches in Wheel Of Fortune® On Tour ! How To Bet Auto Spin Feature Wheelmobile Wilds Feature Level Up Plus Feature On Tour Bonus Free Play Free Spins Bonus Letter Board Picker Spin to Win Bonus Trigger Boost Options Rules Additional Information How To Bet Wheel Of Fortune® On Tour features 30 paylines for only 50 coins. COIN VALUE Displays current coin value shown in currency. Click the left arrow (-) to decrease the coin value. Click the right arrow (+) to increase the coin value. 30 LINES + FEATURE Displays the number of coins being played. Betting is fixed at 30 paylines which costs 50 coins. SPIN Press to submit the bet and spin the reels. [ top ] Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current coin value. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many games to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until the STOP button is pressed, a bonus is triggered, or until the balance is insufficient to spin again. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. [ top ] Wheelmobile Wilds Feature The Wheelmobile Wilds feature can be triggered for any base game reel outcome that does not contain a Bonus symbol on the first reel. When the Wheelmobile Wilds feature is triggered, 1 to 4 types of any symbol, except for Wild or Bonus symbols, are randomly chosen, the Wheel of Fortune® Wheelmobile drives by and all occurrences of the chosen types are replaced with Wilds. [ top ] Level Up Plus Feature Earn 1 fuel point from each Bonus scatter symbol that lands anywhere on the reels during the base game. Every 10 fuel points collected awards 1 fuel tank. 3 Bonus scatter symbols anywhere on reels 1, 3 and 5 trigger the On Tour Bonus and fill the fuel gauge completely, awarding 1 fuel tank. When the On Tour Bonus starts, each fuel tank is depleted to move the Wheelmobile along the map. One fuel tank moves one stop on the map. The fuel tanks earned and the Wheelmobile's progress on the map persist across play sessions and carry over from game to game. The Fuel Gauge, visible in the bottom left corner of the base game and on the first page of the paytable, shows the current fuel amount, earned fuel tanks and the current Level. Each level corresponds to a stop on the map. Clicking on the Gauge opens up the map. When the Wheelmobile lands on a bonus slice icon, the respective bonus unlocks. See the paytable for the unlock thresholds. The more slices unlocked the higher the payback! Unlock Feature Unlocked 0 Start on this level. 1 Free Play Free Spins: Unlocks the Free Play Free Spins bonus slice on the On Tour Bonus wheel. Payback is boosted. 2 Expanded Top Award: Expanded slice triples the chance of getting the top award on the On Tour Bonus wheel. Payback is boosted. 3 Letter Board Picker: Unlocks the Letter Board Picker slice on the On Tour Bonus wheel. Payback is boosted. 4 Multiplier Slice: Awards a multiplier value from 2 to 5 to be applied to an additional free spin of the On Tour Bonus wheel. Payback is boosted. 5 Spin to Win: Unlocks the Spin to Win bonus slice on the On Tour Bonus wheel. Payback is boosted. 6 Bonus Trigger Boost: Unlocks a feature, in the base game, that will randomly trigger the bonus when at least one Bonus scatter symbol is shown. Payback is boosted. [ top ] On Tour Bonus Trigger the On Tour Bonus by getting three Bonus scatter symbols anywhere on reels 1, 3 and 5. Wins awarded in the On Tour Bonus are multiplied by the coin value on the reel spin that triggered the bonus. First, the Wheel of Fortune® Wheelmobile moves the number of map spots equal to the fuel tanks earned in the base game. Different bonus features are unlocked when the Wheelmobile lands on them on the map. After the Wheelmobile has moved its allotted distance, spin the On Tour Bonus wheel. The bonus wheel is populated with award values and all of the unlocked bonus slices. [ top ] Free Play Free Spins Bonus Three free spins are awarded for this bonus. During the first free spin, all instances of 1 randomly chosen symbol are transformed into a Wild symbol. During the second free spin, all instances of 1 new symbol, in addition to the symbol from the first spin, are transformed into a Wild symbol. During the third free spin, all instances of 1 new symbol, in addition to the symbols from the first two spins, are transformed into a Wild symbol. Free spins are played on 30 lines at the triggering coin value. It is not possible to retrigger the free spins. [ top ] Letter Board Picker 3 picks are awarded and the multiplier value is set to 1 at the start of this bonus. Pick a letter in the phrase "WHEEL OF FORTUNE" to reveal either an award value from 50 to 500, a +1 pick/+1x multiplier tile, or a +1 pick/50 tile. Revealing either +1 pick/+1 multiplier or +1 pick/50 tile increases the remaining picks by 1. Revealing a +1 pick/+1x multiplier increases the bonus multiplier by 1x. It is possible to win up to 7 picks with a 5x multiplier. At the end, the bonus awards the sum of the revealed values multiplied by the triggering coin value and multiplied by the multiplier value. [ top ] Spin to Win At the start of this bonus, select one letter from the word "WHEEL" to reveal the top award for the bonus. The top award can be from 1500 to 20000. After making a selection, press the spin button to spin the Spin to Win wheel. Choose to accept (and end the bonus) or reject the wheel's indicated value. The top award is automatically accepted and ends the bonus. If a value is rejected it is replaced on the wheel with a 50 value slice and the wheel is spun again. If the wheel stops on the 50 value slice, it is automatically accepted and the bonus ends. Bonus awards are multiplied by the triggering coin value. The payback for this bonus varies based on player choices. When the top award is 2000, the optimal strategy is to reject all offers except when landing on the 500 slice on the 4th or 5th offer. When the top award is 1500, the optimal strategy is to reject all offers except when landing on the 500 slice on the 2nd through the 5th offers. For all other top awards, the optimal strategy is to reject all offers. The Spin to Win wheel is evenly-weighted. [ top ] Bonus Trigger Boost This feature allows the On Tour Bonus to be randomly triggered when at least one Bonus symbol is displayed on reel 3 and/or reel 5. It will not trigger if there is a Bonus symbol on reel 1. [ top ] Options Graphics Quality Adjust the quality of the graphics to get the optimal animation performance. BEST mode - Graphics look best, but performance may suffer. HIGH mode (default) - Optimal graphics and performance setting. MEDIUM mode - Lower quality graphics but increased performance. LOW mode - Degraded graphics, but smoothest animation performance is achieved even on slower computers. [ top ] Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. Only highest winner paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the coin value. Coinciding wins on different paylines are added. Scatter awards are independent from payline wins and are also added to the total amount paid. Bonus scatter symbol appears on reels 1, 3 and 5 only in the base game. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the On Tour Bonus , plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in a bonus, that bonus may end early before all free spins have been completed. [ top ] Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. The theoretical return to player of this game is 92.50% - 96.60% Intellectual Property ® & © 2016 Califon Productions, Inc. All Rights Reserved. © 2016 Winnebago Industries, Inc. All rights Reserved. All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of IGT in the U.S. and/or other countries. © 2016 IGT. All rights reserved. Last modification date: 12/27/2021