Wheel of Fortune On the Road Get ready for a roundtrip! This iconic brand takes you on the road to match numbers and win prizes. Wheel of Fortune® - On the Road offers a level up feature that lets you unlock new levels and extra in-game features as you play. Watch out for multipliers that can increase prize values! Spin the Wheel of Fortune® – Bonus Wheel at the end of each game for a chance to win a bonus prize! How to Bet Ticket Cost Displays the current ticket cost. Press the left arrow (–) to decrease the ticket cost. Press the right arrow (+) to increase the ticket cost. Press BUY to deduct the ticket cost from the balance and play the game. How to Play The object of Wheel of Fortune® On the Road is to match any Winning Number to any Your Number and win a prize, as well as to find Prize Multiplier symbols. The game uses five different Play Scenes. The Play Scene used for a particular play is determined by the Fuel Level, which is based on play history. Increase Fuel Levels by receiving a fuel token at random during gameplay. Progress to a new play scene (City, Forest, Mountain or Peak) to unlock more Your Numbers in the base game and more prize-winning wedges in the Wheel Bonus. After all Your Numbers and Winning Numbers have been revealed, the Wheel Bonus is triggered. Spin the Wheel of Fortune® wheel for an extra chance to win! Once the wheel has stopped and the bonus result is displayed, the game ends. A closing message appears, indicating the game outcome. Reveal All Press REVEAL ALL to automatically play the game to completion. Gameplay continues until all selections have been made. Press STOP to continue the game in manual play mode. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. Instant wins are added to total winning prize values. Bonus wins are added to any base game wins. Wins are shown in currency. Unlocked map locations do not affect the theoretical return to player. Player choices made during gameplay do not affect the game’s outcome. The theoretical return to the player RTP is 93% Last modification date: 5/16/2024