Water Dragons Become mesmerized by the beautiful koi, symbols of prosperity, as they transport you to a world of wealth! Accumulate Pearl symbols to turn all four koi symbols wild in the Free Spins Bonus! How To Bet Auto Spin Feature Free Spins Bonus Options Rules Additional Information How To Bet Water Dragons ™ features 30 paylines. LINE BET Displays the current bet per line shown in currency. Press the left arrow (-) to decrease the bet per line. Press the right arrow (+) to increase the bet per line. LINES Press the left arrow (-) to decrease the number of paylines played. Press the right arrow (+) to increase the number of paylines played. Choose to play 1, 5, 9, 15, or 30 lines. SPIN Press to spin the reels and submit the bet. [ top ] Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a selected number of spins at the current number of lines and line bet. Select the desired number of lines and line bet, press AUTO SPIN and choose how many spins to play. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until the STOP button is pressed, a bonus is triggered, or the balance is insufficient to spin again. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. [ top ] Free Spins Bonus Get 3 Bonus scatter symbols anywhere on the middle three reels to trigger the Free Spins Bonus. These symbols are only found on reels 2, 3, and 4. Start the bonus with 15 free spins and enjoy super-rich reels. Get 3 Bonus scatter symbols anywhere on the middle three reels to retrigger the bonus for another 15 free spins. The bonus can be retriggered multiple times, up to a maximum of 225 spins. When a Pearl symbol appears on the fifth reel during a free spin, in addition to being wild, that Pearl symbol is accumulated into the next available ladder position. When three Pearl symbols are accumulated, the Red Koi symbol becomes wild on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5 for that spin and all remaining free spins. Furthermore, every additional set of three Pearls upgrades an additional Koi: 3 Pearls: the Red Koi Symbol becomes wild on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5 6 Pearls: the Spotted Koi Symbol becomes wild on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5 9 Pearls: the Gold Koi Symbol becomes wild on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5 12 Pearls: the Blue Koi Symbol becomes wild on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5 After 12 Pearl symbols have been collected, no more Pearls can be collected, but the Pearl symbol remains wild. Once the bonus ends, all Pearl accumulators are emptied. The bet in the bonus is the same as on the reel spin that triggered the bonus. [ top ] Options Graphics Quality BEST mode - Graphics look best, but performance may suffer. HIGH mode (default) - Optimal graphics and performance setting. MEDIUM mode - Lower quality but increased performance. LOW mode - Degraded graphics, but smoothest animation performance is achieved even on slower computers. [ top ] Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. Only highest winner paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the line bet on the winning line. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Coinciding wins on different paylines are added. Scatter wins are independent from payline wins and are also added to the total amount paid. Wins are shown in currency. Bonus symbol appears in columns 2, 3, and 4 only. Wild symbol appears in columns 2, 3, 4, and 5 only. Pearl symbol appears in column 5 only in the bonus. Regardless of the bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the Free Spins Bonus plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately irrespective of any remaining free spins. [ top ] Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given spin of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next spin are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of spins by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. Intellectual Property All trademarks are registered trademarks or pending trademarks of IGT in the U.S. and/or other countries. © 2013 IGT. All rights reserved. Last modification date: 12/27/2021