Wolf Run Eclipse Run wild with the wolves under the light of the full moon in Wolf Run Eclipse . Build your treasure trove as the Free Spins Meters store extra free spins for the Mega Free Spins Bonus , Major Free Spins Bonus , Minor Free Spins Bonus , and Mini Free Spins Bonus . Trigger the Wheel Bonus to spin for free spins or the Grand 5000x Prize! How to Bet Wolf Run Eclipse features 20 paylines. Bet Settings Menu Press the cog or TOTAL BET to open the Bet Settings menu. Coins Displays the current number of coins being played. Betting is fixed at 20 paylines. Coin Value Displays the current coin value shown in currency. Total Bet Displays the current total bet shown in currency. Change by selecting the desired total bet. On desktop devices, optionally press the minus button (–) to decrease the total bet or press the plus button (+) to increase the total bet. Press OK to confirm and close the Bet Settings menu. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current total bet. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins and where available, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Wheel Bonus The Wheel Bonus is triggered when 2 Bonus Scatter Symbols appear on reels 2 and 3 and a Wheel Bonus Scatter Symbol appears on reel 4. Triggering the Wheel Bonus awards 1 spin of the wheel. Available wheel awards are the Grand Prize of 5000x the total bet, the Mega , Major , Minor , or Mini Free Spins Bonus , 5 free spins, 5 free spins with 1 Wild stack each spin, 5 free spins with 2 Wild stacks each spin, and 5 free spins with 3 Wild stacks each spin. After the wheel stops, the prize or bonus indicated by the pointer is awarded. Free Spins Meters Each total bet has a corresponding Mega Free Spins meter, Major Free Spins meter, Minor Free Spins meter, and Mini Free Spins meter. Initial Major, Minor, and Mini Free Spins meter values include an additional contribution. After a base game spin, any Mega, Major, Minor, or Mini Bonus Symbol appearing in any position on reel 4 increases the corresponding Free Spins meter by 1 free spin. Once any Free Spins Bonus has been played, the corresponding meter resets. The number of free spins appearing in each Free Spins meter is saved separately for each total bet and remains between play sessions. Select a different total bet to view the number of free spins saved in each Free Spins meter at that bet option. A maximum of 250 free spins may appear in each Free Spins meter. Flames may appear on a meter but do not indicate a greater chance of awarding free spins. Free Spins Bonuses The Mega Free Spins Bonus , Major Free Spins Bonus , Minor Free Spins Bonus , Mini Free Spins Bonus , or Free Spins Bonus is triggered when a Bonus Scatter Symbol appears anywhere on reels 2 and 3 and the corresponding Mega, Major, Minor, or Mini Free Spins Bonus Scatter Symbol appears anywhere on reel 4, or awarded in the Wheel Bonus . Triggering the Mega Free Spins Bonus , Major Free Spins Bonus , Minor Free Spins Bonus , or Mini Free Spins Bonus awards the number of free spins in the corresponding Free Spins meter for the total bet from the awarding spin. During each bonus, except the 5 free spins bonus, Wild and Wild & Bonus Retrigger Symbols are guaranteed to appear in all symbol positions on 1 or more reels, depending on which bonus is triggered. During free spins, any combination of 2 or more Bonus and Wild & Bonus Retrigger Symbols in any position on the reels awards 3 extra free spins. Any combination of 3 or more Bonus and Wild & Bonus Retrigger Symbols in any position on the reels awards 10 extra free spins. The free spins can be retriggered multiple times, up to a maximum of 300 free spins per bonus. Free spins are played at same total bet and same number of paylines as the triggering spin. Different reels are used during free spins. Different reels are used during the Mega Free Spins Bonus , Major Free Spins Bonus , Minor Free Spins Bonus , Mini Free Spins Bonus , and Free Spins Bonus . Reels are determined at the start of each free spin. Options All Sound Toggle game sounds on or off. Sound Effects Toggle sound effects on or off. Music Toggle music on or off. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far-left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the coin value on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Wild Symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols except Bonus Scatter, Mega Bonus Scatter, Major Bonus Scatter, Minor Bonus Scatter, Mini Bonus Scatter, and Wheel Bonus Scatter Symbols in the base game. Wild Symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols except Bonus Scatter and Wild & Bonus Retrigger Symbols in the Mega Free Spins Bonus , Major Free Spins Bonus , Minor Free Spins Bonus , Mini Free Spins Bonus , and Free Spins Bonus . Mega Bonus Scatter, Major Bonus Scatter, Minor Bonus Scatter, Mini Bonus Scatter, and Wheel Bonus Scatter Symbols appear on reel 4 in the base game. Wild & Bonus Retrigger Symbol is wild and substitutes for all symbols in the Mega Free Spins Bonus , Major Free Spins Bonus , Minor Free Spins Bonus , Mini Free Spins Bonus , and Free Spins Bonus . Wild & Bonus Retrigger Symbol appears on reels 2, 3, and 4 only. Wins are shown in currency. In this game, the wheel is a graphical animation for entertainment purposes only and does not represent an actual wheel. The chances of obtaining a specific segment are therefore not equiprobable. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there may be an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. RTP - 94.46% Last modification date: 12/16/2025