Wishwood Every path reveals secret treasures in the mystical forest of Wishwood ! Join Poa the wisp and the other woodland creatures as you climb the magical tree growing deep within the forest! This is no ordinary sapling – this majestic evergreen of the forest offers several mystery features in the base game, including Wispy Wilds and Magic Multipliers. If you win, you may trigger the Tangled Symbols feature, where winning symbols lock on the reels and stay locked until there are no more wins. Trigger the Bonus Climb and win a cash prize or one of three free spins bonuses! The higher you climb, the richer the rewards! How To Bet Auto Spin Feature Mystery Picker Wispy Wilds Feature Magic Multipliers Feature Tangled Symbols Feature Bonus Climb Amber Wilds Bonus Enchanted Wilds Bonus Top of the Tree Bonus Rules Additional Information How To Bet Wishwood features 20 paylines. Bet Configuration Menu (mobile/tablet games) Press the arrow to open the bet configuration menu. Press the check mark to confirm and close the bet configuration menu. Lines Displays the current number of paylines. Betting is fixed at 20 paylines. Total Bet Displays the current total bet shown in currency. Press the minus button (–) to decrease the total bet. Press the plus button (+) to increase the total bet. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. [ top ] Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current total bet selected. For UK jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, or the balance is insufficient to spin again. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. [ top ] Mystery Picker Randomly, on any base game spin, 3 wisps may appear in front of the reels. Select a wisp to reveal the Wispy Wilds feature, the Magic Multipliers feature, or go straight to the Bonus Climb. The Mystery Picker and resulting features cannot occur on a spin that triggers the Bonus Climb. [ top ] Wispy Wilds Feature Up to 4 positions on each of the reels transform into Wild symbols. [ top ] Magic Multipliers Feature A combination of 3 or 4 of the following multipliers appear between the reels: 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, or 10x. Line wins are multiplied by the product of all multipliers that touch symbols in a winning combination. Richer reels are used during the Magic Multipliers feature. [ top ] Tangled Symbols Feature Randomly, on any base game spin, winning combinations lock in position and the reels re-spin. Any new wins continue to lock in place and the reels re-spin until no new wins occur. The Tangled Symbols feature cannot occur on a spin that triggers the Mystery Picker or naturally triggers the Bonus Climb. Richer reels are used during the Tangled Symbols feature re-spins. [ top ] Bonus Climb The Bonus Climb is triggered when three Bonus scatter symbols appear anywhere on reels 1, 3, and 5 or when the Bonus Climb is revealed during the Mystery Picker. When only 2 Bonus symbols appear on the reels, Poa may kick the reels to cause a third Bonus symbol to appear. During the Bonus Climb, advance up the tree to determine the bonus awarded. Climb higher up the tree for richer bonuses. Press the wheel to spin. The wheel indicates the number of branches to move up the tree, advancement to the next section of the tree, and the end of the Bonus Climb. If the wheel lands on a value (ranging from 1 to 3), move the indicated branches up the tree. If the wheel lands on {Advance}, automatically advance to the first branch located in the next bonus section of the tree. If the wheel lands on {Collect}, win the bonus indicated on the final section reached. Branch Bonus Awarded 11 Top of the Tree Bonus 7 - 10 Enchanted Wilds Bonus 3 - 6 Amber Wilds Bonus 0 - 2 10x total bet Reaching or exceeding the last branch awards the Top of the Tree Bonus. The Bonus Climb ends when the wheel lands on an {Collect} or by reaching or exceeding the last branch. [ top ] Amber Wilds Bonus Triggering the Amber Wilds Bonus awards 7 free spins. After each free spin, Wild symbols not included in a winning combination lock in place. Wild symbols remain locked until they are part of a winning combination or when the bonus ends. Reels used in the Amber Wilds Bonus are different from the reels used in the base game. The Amber Wilds Bonus cannot be retriggered. Free spins are played at the same total bet and same number of lines as the spin that triggered the Bonus Climb. [ top ] Enchanted Wilds Bonus Triggering the Enchanted Wilds Bonus awards 5 initial free spins. Every time a Wisp symbol appears anywhere on the middle three reels, each Wisp is saved in a special on-screen accumulator. Collect a total of 3 Wisps and all Owl symbols become wild and 5 additional free spins are awarded. The Owl symbol becomes wild on all reels on the next spin after the third Wisp is collected and for all subsequent spins in the bonus. Every additional set of 3 Wisps upgrades an additional symbol and/or awards 5 additional free spins: 3 Wisps: Owl is wild 6 Wisps: Squirrel is also wild 9 Wisps: Butterfly is also wild 12 Wisps: 5 additional free spins are awarded After 12 Wisp symbols have been collected, no more Wisps can be collected. Once the bonus ends, all Wisp accumulators are emptied. Reels used in the Enchanted Wilds Bonus are different from the reels used in the base game. Wisp symbols appear on reels 2, 3, and 4 only. The Enchanted Wilds Bonus can be retriggered multiple times up to a maximum of 25 free spins per bonus. Free spins are played at the same total bet and same number of lines as the spin that triggered the Bonus Climb. [ top ] Top of the Tree Bonus Triggering the Top of the Tree Bonus awards 8 free spins. Select one of six boxes to reveal the special expansion symbol: Owl, Squirrel, or Butterfly. During the Top of the Tree Bonus, the special symbol appearing anywhere on the reels activates the symbol expansion. All special symbols expand vertically to fill the reel and then all reels between the left-most and right-most special symbols are filled with the special symbol. Line wins are evaluated before and after expansions. Only wins created from the symbol expansion are paid on the second evaluation. Reels used in the Top of the Tree Bonus are different from the reels used in the base game. The Top of the Tree Bonus cannot be retriggered. Free spins are played at same total bet and same number of paylines as the spin that triggered the Bonus Climb. [ top ] Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the line bet on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. [ top ] Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent, except in cases where one spin unlocks a feature for a subsequent spin or series of spins, per the game rules. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. Intellectual Property © 2017 IGT. All rights reserved. All other trademarks used herein are owned by IGT or its affiliates, may not be used without permission, and where indicated with a ®, are registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. Last modification date: 12/27/2021