Wheel of Fortune Hawaiian Getaway From the gentle surf of Waikiki to the steaming lava fields of Mauna Loa, the splendor of tropical paradise awaits in Wheel of Fortune® Hawaiian Getaway . Spin the iconic wheel in the Wheel Bonus to win prizes or trigger the Jackpot Bonus , the Pointer Frenzy feature, or the Free Spins Bonus . The Pointer Frenzy feature activates up to 6 pointers on the Bonus wheel and increases the chance of triggering every bonus in a single spin. Keep an eye out for three or more adjacent full stacks of the same major symbol to trigger the Big Kahuna Respin , feature awarding an extra jumbo spin and a mystery multiplier! How to Bet Wheel of Fortune® Hawaiian Getaway features 25 paylines for 50 coins. Bet Configuration Menu (mobile/tablet) Press the arrow to open the bet configuration menu. Press the check mark to confirm and close the bet configuration menu. Coins Displays the current number of coins. Betting is fixed at 25 paylines, which costs 50 coins. Coin Value Displays the current coin value shown in currency. Press the minus button (–) to decrease the coin value. Press the plus button (+) to increase the coin value. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. RTP: 96.15% Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current coin value. For UK jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN , and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Big Kahuna Respin Feature The Big Kahuna Respin feature can be triggered on any spin in the base game or Free Spins Bonus . Three or more adjacent full stacks of the same major symbol (Surf, Hula, Tiki, Aloha, and Lava) on consecutive reels trigger the Big Kahuna Respin feature. When the Big Kahuna Respin feature is triggered, a respin is awarded immediately, in addition to any triggering win(s). Only major symbols (Surf, Hula, Tiki, Aloha, and Lava) appear on the reels during the respin. In addition, a random multiplier of 2x, 3x, 4x, or 5x is applied to the total amount won during the respin. Jumbo symbols always land so that a single, fully-revealed symbol is displayed. The Big Kahuna Respin feature can be retriggered if at least one full stack of the same major symbol lands adjacent to the jumbo symbol during the respin. The Big Kahuna Respin feature can be retriggered up to 2 times. Bonus Wheel Six or more Bonus scatter symbols appearing anywhere on the reels in the base game trigger the Wheel Bonus feature. When triggered, a single spin of the Bonus wheel is awarded. Initially, only one pointer is active on the wheel. Each wheel slice displays an award: If the wheel lands on a prize value slice, the player is awarded the prize value multiplied by the initiating bet multiplier. If the wheel lands on a Free Spins slice, the Free Spins Bonus is triggered. If the wheel lands on a Jackpot Bonus slice, the Jackpot Bonus is triggered. If the wheel lands on a Frenzy slice, the Pointer Frenzy feature is triggered. Pointer Frenzy Feature The Pointer Frenzy feature is triggered when the Bonus wheel lands on a Frenzy slice during the Wheel Bonus . When triggered, 2 to 6 additional pointers are randomly activated on the Bonus wheel. When all additional pointers are active, each awarded feature on the wheel is triggered consecutively. If more than one prize value slice is awarded during the Pointer Frenzy feature, the player wins the sum total of all awarded prize values multiplied by the initiating bet multiplier. If more than one feature is awarded during the Pointer Frenzy , the features are triggered in the following order: First, any prize value is awarded. Second, any awarded Jackpot Bonus feature is triggered. Finally, any awarded Free Spins Bonus is triggered. Jackpot Bonus If the wheel in the Wheel Bonus or Pointer Frenzy lands on a Jackpot Bonus slice, the player is awarded a spin of the Jackpot Wheel. The slices of the Jackpot Wheel include Gold, Silver, Green, Purple, and Blue Jackpots. Free Spins Bonus If the wheel in the Wheel Bonus or Pointer Frenzy lands on a Free Spins slice, the player is awarded 10 free spins. During the Free Spins Bonus , six or more Bonus scatter symbols anywhere on the reels retrigger the bonus with an additional 10 free spins. The Free Spins Bonus can be retriggered multiple times, up to a maximum of 120 free spins. Big Kahuna respins do not count toward the free spin count. Free spins are played at the same coin value and the same number of lines as the triggering spin. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the leftmost reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the coin value on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Only the highest scatter win is paid. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Scatter wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Wild symbol may appear on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5 in the base game and Free Spins Bonus . Wild symbol does not appear in the Big Kahuna Respin feature. If the Wheel Bonus and Big Kahuna Respin feature trigger simultaneously in the base game, the Wheel Bonus is played first, followed by the Big Kahuna Respin . Wins are shown in currency. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. The maximum win on any transaction includes the results of any triggered bonus, plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the Free Spins Bonus , the Free Spins Bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins and/or respins. If the award cap is reached in the base game during the Big Kahuna Respin feature, Big Kahuna Respin feature ends immediately, even if there are remaining respins. Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent, except in cases where one spin unlocks a feature for a subsequent spin or series of spins, per the game rules. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/5/2020