Wheel of Fortune Diamond Spins 2x Wilds Get ready to be the newest contestant in the latest version of your favorite game show! Wheel of Fortune Diamond Spins 2x Wilds features 2x Wild Symbols that can multiply wins up to 4x. Spin the iconic Wheel in the Wheel of Fortune Bonus for a cash prize... you might even win the Progressive Jackpot! How to Bet Wheel of Fortune Diamond Spins 2x Wilds features 9 paylines. Bet Settings Menu Press the cog or TOTAL BET to open the Bet Settings menu. Coin Value Displays the current coin value shown in currency. Total Bet Displays the current number of paylines, Jackpot eligibility, and total bet shown in currency. Change by selecting the desired total bet. On desktop devices, optionally press the minus button (–) to decrease the total bet or press the plus button (+) to increase the total bet. Press OK to confirm and close the Bet Settings menu. Spin Press the circular arrow to submit the bet and spin the reels. Auto Spin Feature Auto Spin plays the game automatically for a given number of spins at the current total bet and number of paylines selected. For jurisdictions where Auto Spin is enabled: Select the number of auto spins and where available, the loss limit, and the (optional) single win limit. After selecting the desired bet configuration, press AUTO SPIN, and choose how many spins to play at the current bet settings. Auto Spin plays the specified number of spins until STOP is pressed, a bonus is triggered, the balance is insufficient to spin, or any enabled win/loss limit settings are reached. Auto Spin is only available in approved jurisdictions. Wheel of Fortune Bonus The Wheel of Fortune Bonus is triggered when 2 Wild and 1 Spin Symbol appear on a played line. If 1 or 2 2x Wild Symbols appear in the awarding combination, a bonus multiplier of 2x or 4x, respectively, is awarded. Triggering the Wheel of Fortune Bonus awards 1 spin of the wheel with 1, 2, or 3 active pointers. The number of active wheel pointers corresponds to the number of diamond pointers appearing on the Spin Symbol in the awarding combination. After the wheel stops, the award indicated by each active pointer is awarded and the bonus ends. If 1 or more active wheel pointers indicate coin awards, the total of the indicated values multiplied by the triggering coin value and any active bonus multiplier, is awarded. If an active wheel pointer indicates the Jackpot segment, the Progressive Jackpot is awarded when playing a bet of $3 or more. If playing a bet of $1, $25,000 is awarded. Bonus multipliers do not affect jackpot awards. A different wheel is used depending on the symbol combination that awarded the Wheel of Fortune Bonus. Winning the Progressive Jackpot At a $3 or higher bet, the Progressive Jackpot may be awarded in the Wheel of Fortune Bonus. The odds of winning the Progressive Jackpot are proportional to the amount wagered. The higher the bet, the better the odds of winning. For example, a player playing at an $18.00 total bet has twice the chance of winning the Progressive Jackpot as a player playing at a $9.00 total bet. The expected return is the same for both players. Therefore, the game is completely fair, offering the same odds per amount per bet currency. Options All Sound Toggle game sounds on or off. Sound Effects Toggle sound effects on or off. Music Toggle music on or off. Voice Toggle voiceover on or off. Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far-left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the coin value on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Bonus wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Wild and 2x Wild Symbols appear on reels 1 and 2 in the base game. Wild and 2x Wild Symbols are wild and substitutes for all symbols except 2x Wild and Bonus Scatter Symbols in the base game. Each 2x Wild Symbol that substitutes in a line win multiplies that win by 2. More than 1 multiplier may substitute and multiply in a win, up to 4x. Different reels are used for each number of lines played. Increasing the number of lines played increases the chance of winning the Wheel of Fortune Bonus. At eligible bets, increasing the number of lines played increases the chance of winning the Progressive Jackpot. Wins are shown in currency. When a player wins the Progressive Jackpot, a notification message appears. Customer service will contact the player within 24 hours with details of your Jackpot payout. The award verification may take up to 72 hours, and the win will not be reflected in your account balance. You may continue to play. It will not affect your Jackpot. The amount paid after verification is approximately the amount seen on the Jackpot meter when the win occurs. Potentially, the awarded Jackpot could be somewhat higher because of display delays. In an exceptionally rare case, 2 players may simultaneously win the same progressive jackpot. The order of winners is determined solely by the timestamp applied to each transaction request as it is received by our servers. The official winning outcome belongs to the player whose transaction timestamp is first. The player whose timestamp is second will win the jackpot re-seed amount if their winning outcome occurred just after the other player's win, but before the meter was able to reset. All applicable taxes and fees in connection with any winnings awarded to the player, and any other payments to the winning player are his/her sole responsibility. Winnings cannot be transferred, substituted, or redeemed for any other consideration The Progressive Jackpot represents an increasing top award where the growth is funded by a fixed percentage of each bet placed by all players playing for the jackpot. When playing in New Jersey the progressive jackpot is paid in 20 equal annual installments, or the winner may elect to receive a single discounted lump sum payment. The Progressive Jackpot is not available in free play mode. In this game, the wheel is a graphical animation for entertainment purposes only and does not represent an actual wheel. The chances of obtaining a specific segment are therefore not equiprobable. Malfunction voids all pays and plays Last modification date: 11/13/2024