Wolf Run This multi-line/multi-coin slot game will have you running wild and howling for more! Wolf Run has a pack of exciting features: 40 paylines for more action, the Stacked Wilds feature for amazingly big wins, and a super-rich, retriggering Free Spins Bonus . On every reel there are stacks of four or more Wild symbols. These Wild symbols can line up to trigger a huge number of simultaneous wins! How To Bet Stacked Wilds Feature Free Spins Bonus Rules Additional Information How To Bet Wolf Run features 40 paylines. LINE BET Displays the current bet per line shown in currency. Press the left arrow (-) to decrease the bet per line. Press the right arrow (+) to increase the bet per line. LINES Displays the current number of paylines selected. Press the left arrow (-) to decrease the number of paylines played. Press the right arrow (+) to increase the number of paylines played. SPIN Press to submit the bet and spin the reels. [ top ] Stacked Wilds Feature With the Stacked Wilds feature, each reel in the base game is loaded with groups of four or more consecutive Wild symbols. In the Free Spins Bonus , the Stacked Wilds feature is richer and more plentiful. [ top ] Free Spins Bonus Trigger the Free Spins Bonus by getting three Bonus symbols in any position on the centre three reels. Triggering the Free Spins Bonus awards 5 free spins. The reels in the Free Spins Bonus have a richer, more plentiful Stacked Wilds feature than the base game reels. Three Bonus symbols anywhere on reels 2, 3, and 4 during the Free Spins Bonus retriggers the bonus with an additional 5 free spins. The bonus can be retriggered for a maximum of 255 free spins in a single bonus. Bet per line in the bonus is equal to the bet per line on the reel spin that triggered the bonus. [ top ] Rules Misuse or malfunction voids all pays and plays. All line win symbols must appear on a played line and on consecutive reels, beginning with the far left reel. Only the highest winner is paid on each payline. Line wins are multiplied by the line bet on the winning line. Coinciding line wins on different paylines are added. Only the highest scatter win is paid. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Scatter wins are independent from line wins and are added to the total amount paid. Bonus scatter symbol appears on reels 2, 3, and 4 only. Wins are shown in currency. All applicable taxes and fees in connection with any winnings awarded to the player, and any other payments to the winning player are his/her sole responsibility. Winnings cannot be transferred, substituted, or redeemed for any other consideration. In some jurisdictions, regardless of bet size, there is an award cap on any single transaction. See the paytable for details. A transaction includes the results of the Free Spins Bonus , plus the outcome which launched the bonus. If the award cap is reached in the bonus, the bonus ends immediately, even if there are remaining free spins. [ top ] Additional Information Expected Payback In accordance with fair gaming practices required in most legal jurisdictions worldwide, each and every game outcome is completely independent, except in cases where one spin unlocks a feature for a subsequent spin or series of spins, per the game rules. The odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The odds do not vary based on prior outcomes, bet size, balance size, time of day, day of week, etc. For example, if the top award is won on a given play of the game, the chances of winning the top award on the next play are exactly the same. Likewise, prior losses do not change future odds. The expected payback reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays by numerous players over an extended period of time. The results for any given player over a play session can vary widely from this long-term, expected average in either direction. The fewer the number of games played, the wider the normal variance of actual payback that may be experienced. Intellectual Property © 2017 IGT. All rights reserved. All other trademarks used herein are owned by IGT or its affiliates, may not be used without permission, and where indicated with a ®, are registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. [ top ] [ close window ] Last modification date: 12/27/2021