Space Invaders Win & Spin How to Play Spin the reels by pressing the 'SPIN' button to try to achieve 3, 4 or 5 of a kind reel wins. Select the 'CHANGE STAKE' button to increase or decrease the size of the bet. Autoplay Press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to see the options. You must select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay. 'Custom Loss Limit' refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. For example, if you have 50 in your balance, and you choose a 20 loss limit, the auto play will stop as soon as your balance goes below 30, even if you have auto play games remaining. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the 'Custom Loss Limit' button. Choose the 'More settings' option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. Select the 'AUTOPLAY' button during autoplays to stop them. Turbo Mode Enabling 'Turbo Mode' increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spin animation. This does not impact the outcome of the game. Game Rules Line wins must occur on adjacent reels beginning with the leftmost reel. A line win can occur on any or all of the win lines. In case of a multiple possible winnings on the same win line, only the highest win will be paid. The wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except the Win & Spin symbols and appears on reels 2,3,4 and 5 in the standard spins base game only. The Win & Spin bonus is awarded when landing 6 or more Win & Spin symbols in any position on the reels. It can also be triggered when adding to the coin pile, displayed above the reels, from any UFO Win & Spin symbols landing on the reels in the base game. Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. Features Fortune Spins As an alternative to spinning the normal reels, a different Base Game can be chosen. The Fortune Spins game can be played via the Fortune Spins button. During Fortune Spins all symbols are removed from the reels other than the Win & Spin symbols. Extra Win & Spin symbols are also added to the reels increasing the chance of triggering the bonus. At the end of any losing spin there is a chance that the flying saucer can appear and fly over the reels, collecting the cash values of any Win & Spin symbols which have landed on the reels. Fortune Spins can be played at any stake. Fortune Bet Fortune Bet can be enabled for both standard and Fortune spins. Activating Fortune Bet allows the player to select a new bet multiplier at 1.5x the current stake. With Fortune Bet enabled more UFO Win & Spin symbols are added to the reels, increasing the chance of triggering the bonus via the coin pile. Award values for win lines and Win & Spin symbols are not increased by the increased bet multiplier. Win & Spin Bonus Win & Spin symbols feature in the base game and Win & Spin bonus, appearing on all reels. There are 2 types of Win & Spin symbols, Invader cash symbols and UFO jackpot symbols. Invader symbols display a cash value, the possible values for the cash Win & Spin symbols are 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, and 9x the active stake. UFO Win & Spin symbols display either Mini, Minor or Major jackpots. These values are displayed above the reels, the Mini jackpot award is 10x the base stake selected, the Minor jackpot award is 25x the base stake selected, and the Major jackpot award is 100x the base stake selected. At the start of the bonus any Win & Spin symbols in view are locked in place. Initially 3 spins are awarded, during a spin and Win & Spin symbols landing in empty positions are locked in place and the spins are reset back to 3. The bonus continues until the player has no spins remaining or all 15 positions are filled with a Win & Spin symbol. At the end of the bonus all Win & Spin values are awarded. If all 15 positions have been filled, the Grand jackpot prize is awarded in addition to the accumulated win. The Grand jackpot award is worth 1000x the base stake selected. UFO Coins Trigger Every UFO Win & Spin symbol which lands on the reels during the base game will also add a coin to the coin pile displayed above the reels. Each time the coin pile is added to there is a chance of it increasing in size, up to a maximum of 5 levels. The size of the coin pile does not increase the chance of triggering the Win & Spin bonus. Following adding any coins from the reels there is a chance the coin pile may tumble and fall over the reels triggering the Win & Spin bonus. There is a higher chance of triggering the bonus if more than one coin is added in the same game. If the number of Win & Spin symbols on the reels is less than 6 extra Win & Spin symbols will be added before the bonus begins. There is an increased chance of landing UFO symbols during the bonus if triggered in this way. Dual Wheel Gamble The gamble can be configured to be on, if the win is greater than or equal to 5x stake, or off. If the gamble is on, any winnings awarded during the game will offer the gamble feature. If the gamble is on and if the win is greater than or equal to 5x stake, any winnings greater than or equal to 5x stake awarded during the base game will offer the gamble feature. The left wheel offers the chance to increase the winnings by one third, double the winnings, or triple the winnings. The win value can be adjusted by pressing the ‘-’ and ‘+’ arrows, this in turn will adjust the winning and losing segments of the wheel. The right wheel offers the chance to win the Win & Spin bonus, Super Win & Spin bonus or Mega Win & Spin bonus. The gamble wheel can be adjusted by pressing the ‘-’ and ‘+’ arrows, this in turn will adjust the winning and losing segments of the wheel. Press either wheel during the feature to gamble your winnings and spin the pointer. If the pointer stops on the gold segment, the cash value or bonus are awarded and made available to collect. If the pointer stops on the silver segment, the player loses their winnings and exits the gamble. Press the ‘Collect’ button during the gamble to collect your winnings. Collecting one of the Win & Spin bonus outcomes exits the gamble and starts the bonus by spinning in 6 Win & Spin symbols. The Super Win & Spin bonus guarantees 1 or more of these will be UFO symbols. The Mega Win & Spin bonus guarantees all symbols which land at the start and during the bonus will be UFO symbols. The expected payback for the gamble game is 100%. Bonus Buy In jurisdictions that allow it, a Button on the main screen will be available which contains the text “Bonus Buy”. On selecting this a Pop-Up will display showing the player the cost of the Bonus Buy and the choice to continue to Buy the Bonus, increase or decrease the Bonus Buy stake, or alternatively return to the main game. Confirming the Bonus Buy, by pressing the buy button, will make the Pop-Up disappear and the reels will spin in 6 or more Win & Spin symbols on the main reels. The player will then be taken to the Win & Spin Bonus. The cost of the Bonus Buy is 60x base stake, and all awards during the bonus are relative to that base stake. Spin Chance Spin Chance is triggered automatically if the credit is reduced below the current price of play, yet is still greater than zero. Spin Chance offers the player an opportunity to wager their remaining credit in an attempt at winning an additional spin at the current bet. To play Spin Chance, select the ‘PLAY’ button to begin moving the pointer across the meter. Alternatively, select the ‘NO THANKS’ button to exit Spin Chance with the remaining credit. If the pointer stops on the green segment, a spin at the current bet is awarded and plays automatically. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses any remaining credit and exits to the base game. The red and green segments are proportional to the amount of credit in relation to the current bet. The chance of winning a spin is determined by this ratio. General Information Game Recovery In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. Payback Information The game complies with all relevant regulations and technical standards of the Gibraltar Gambling Commission, the Malta Gambling Commission and the Great Britain Gambling Commission. Your odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. This reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays, over an extended period of time. This game has been independently fairness tested. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 5/16/2024