Dynamite Fishing 1 Introduction Dynamite Fishing is a 5x3, 10 win line slot featuring expanding reels in the Dynamite Free Spin Bonus. 2 How to Play Spin the reels by pressing the 'SPIN' button to try to achieve 2, 3, 4 and 5 of a kind reel wins. Also look out for 3 or more Scatter symbols to trigger the Dynamite Fishing Free Spin Bonus. Select the 'CHANGE STAKE' button to increase or decrease the size of the bet. Select the preferred gamble setting which can be on, on if the win is greater than or equal to 5x stake, or off. 2.1 Autoplay Press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to see the options. You must select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay. 'Custom Loss Limit' refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. For example, if you have 50 in your balance, and you choose a 20 loss limit, the auto play will stop as soon as your balance goes below 30, even if you have auto play games remaining. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the 'Custom Loss Limit' button. Choose the 'More settings' option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. Select the 'AUTOPLAY' button during autoplays to stop them. 2.2 Turbo Mode Enabling 'Turbo Mode' increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spin animation. This does not impact the outcome of the game. 3 Game Rules All games are played with 10 win lines. Wins can occur across any or all of the win lines. Only the highest award is paid per winning combination. Wins on different played lines are added. All wins pay left to right on adjacent reels, except Scatter, starting with the leftmost reel. The Bonus win is added to any coincidental line wins, only the highest of a kind Bonus feature is awarded. Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. The wild symbols substitute for all symbols except Bonus. The wild symbol appears on all reels in the bonus game only. The Fish symbols are mixed pays. 4 Dynamite Fishing Bonus Entry The Scatter symbol appears on all reels in the base game only. 3 or more landing anywhere in view start the Dynamite Fishing Free Spins bonus. 5 Dynamite Fishing Free Spins Bonus During the bonus, extra rows are available, two above and two below the reels. They are however locked at the start of the bonus. During the bonus each Dynamite symbol unlocks positions if a fish is in a locked position at the same time as a Dynamite symbol. Dynamite also adds to a Dynamite trail. The Dynamite trail consists of 4 increments. At each stage an extra 1,2 or 5 Free Spins are awarded. The last position on the trail unlocks all extra rows even if fish are not present. After a position in the extra rows is unlocked, a multiplier associated with that position is doubled. As there can be a maximum of 4 Dynamite per feature, the multiplier could get as high as 16x. Meaning that any fish caught from this position is multiplied by 16 if it is caught. 6 Gamble The gamble can be configured to be on, on if the win is greater than or equal to 5x stake, or off. If the gamble is on, any winnings awarded during the game will offer the gamble feature. If the gamble is on and if the win is greater than or equal to 5x stake, any winnings greater than or equal to 5x stake awarded during the game will offer the gamble feature. When the gamble is entered, two wheels are presented. The left wheel offers the chance to increase the winnings by one third, double the winnings, or triple the winnings. The right wheel offers the chance to win Free Spins. The win value can be adjusted by pressing the '-' and '+' arrows, this in turn will adjust the winning and losing segments of the wheel. Press either wheel during the feature to gamble your winnings and spin the pointer. If the pointer stops on the green segment, the cash value or Free Spins are awarded. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses their winnings and exits to the base game. Press the ‘COLLECT’ button during the feature to collect your winnings. The expected payback for the gamble game is 100%. 7 Bonus Buy When available (depending on jurisdiction) the Bonus can be purchased as 100X the current stake. 8 General Information 8.1 Game Recovery In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. 8.2 Payback Information The player’s odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed 250,000.00 excluding jackpots. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every stake configuration. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) for this game is 94.52%. The RTP reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays over an extended period of time, and represents the long-term expected payback of the game which has been calculated by an independent testing company, in accordance with the required regulations. The outcome of any play during the game is pre-determined. Player choices do not affect the outcome of the game unless indicated. The expected payback for the game is 94.50% Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 4/15/2025