Rodeo Grand Introduction Rodeo Grand is a 5x3, 10 win line slot game featuring Fortune Spins, Bonus Buy, Free Spins and Spin Chance. How to Play Spin the reels by pressing the 'SPIN' button to try to achieve 2, 3, 4 or 5 of a kind reel wins. Select the 'CHANGE STAKE' button to increase or decrease the size of the bet. Autoplay Press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to see the options. You must select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay. 'Custom Loss Limit' refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. For example, if you have $50 in your balance, and you choose a $20 loss limit, the auto play will stop as soon as your balance goes below $30, even if you have auto play games remaining. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the 'Custom Loss Limit' button. Choose the 'More settings' option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. Select the 'AUTOPLAY' button during autoplay to stop them. Turbo Mode Enabling 'Turbo Mode' increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spin animation. This does not impact the outcome of the game. Game Rules All games are played with 10 win lines. Wins can occur across any or all of the win lines. Only the highest award is paid per winning combination. All wins pay left to right on adjacent reels starting with the leftmost reel. Wins on different played lines are added. Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. The wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except the Collect symbol, the Bonus symbol and the Cash symbol. The Wild symbol appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 in the base game and in the Cash Bank Free Spins Bonus. Bonus Base Game Collector The Collect symbol is available on reel 5 during the base game and the Cash Bank Free Spins bonus. Landing a Collect symbol collects all Cash symbols in view. Free Spins The Bonus symbol is available on reel 5 in the base game only. Landing 4 or more Cash symbols and a Bonus symbol awards the Cash Bank Free Spins bonus. All Cash symbols are collected, and 8 Free Spins are awarded. Cash Symbol The Cash symbol is available on reels 1, 2, 3 and 4 in both the base game and the Cash Bank Free Spins bonus. Cash symbols have a value presented on them that will be a multiple of the current stake. These values are only awarded by landing the Collect symbol or Bonus symbol. The available Cash symbol values are: x1, x2, x5, x10, x20, x30, x50 and x100. Cash Bank Free Spins Bonus Landing 4 or more Cash symbols and the Bonus symbol in the base game awards the Cash Bank Free Spins Bonus and 8 Free Spins. Extra Spin symbols appear on reels 1, 2, 3 and 4 during the Cash Bank Free Spins Bonus. Landing an Extra Spin symbol anywhere in view awards an additional Free Spin. Prize Pot Tokens appear on reels 1, 2, 3 and 4 during the Cash Bank Free Spins Bonus. Prize Pot Tokens will appear as Mini, Minor, Major or Grand. Collecting 3 Mini tokens awards the Mini Prize Pot Collecting 4 Minor tokens awards the Minor Prize Pot Collecting 5 Major tokens awards the Major Prize Pot Collecting 6 Grand tokens awards the Grand Prize Pot After a Prize Pot is awarded, the Prize Pot Matrix will empty. Prize Pots can be awarded multiple times per Bonus. Spin Chance Spin Chance is triggered automatically if the credit is reduced below the current price of play yet is still greater than zero. Spin Chance offers the player an opportunity to wager their remaining credit in an attempt at winning an additional spin at the current bet. To play Spin Chance, select the ‘PLAY’ button to begin moving the pointer across the meter. Alternatively, select the ‘NO THANKS’ button to exit Spin Chance with the remaining credit. If the pointer stops on the green segment, a spin at the current bet is awarded and plays automatically. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses any remaining credit and exits to the base game. The red and green segments are proportional to the amount of credit in relation to the current bet. The chance of winning a spin is determined by this ratio. Fortune Spins The Fortune Spins game can be played via the Fortune Spins button. The spin button is used to play the selected Fortune Spins mode. During Fortune Spins the standard reels are replaced with Fortune Spins reels containing only Cash, Blank, Collect and Bonus symbols. Landing 4 or more Cash symbols and a Bonus symbol awards the Cash Bank Free Spins Bonus. Landing a Collect symbol collects all Cash symbols in view. Bonus Buy The Bonus Buy mode can be activated by pressing the Bonus Buy button. Bonus Buy allows the player to purchase direct entry into the Cash Bank Free Spins Bonus. Buying the Bonus will force in at least 4 Cash symbols and a Bonus symbol. Bonus Buy is purchased for 60 times the standard game stake. Feature awards are determined by the current stake. The average payback over multiple game cycles in the Bonus Buy mode is 94.50%. General Information Game Recovery In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. Payback Information The game complies with all relevant regulations and technical standards of the Gibraltar Gambling Commission, the Malta Gambling Commission and the Great Britain Gambling Commission. Your odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. This reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays, over an extended period of time. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed $250,000.00. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every stake configuration. This game has been independently fairness tested Malfunction Voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 9/9/2025