Jin Tu 1 Introduction Jin Tu is a 5x4, 1024 Ways Pays slot game. 2 How to Play Spin the reels by pressing the 'SPIN' button to try to achieve 3, 4 or 5 of a kind reel wins. Select the 'CHANGE STAKE' button to increase or decrease the size of the bet. 2.1 Autoplay Press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to see the options. You must select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay. 'Custom Loss Limit' refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. For example, if you have 50 in your balance, and you choose a 20 loss limit, the auto play will stop as soon as your balance goes below 30, even if you have auto play games remaining. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the 'Custom Loss Limit' button. Choose the 'More settings' option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. Select the 'AUTOPLAY' button during autoplay to stop them. 2.2 Turbo Mode Enabling 'Turbo Mode' increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spin animation. This does not impact the outcome of the game. 3 Game Rules A winning combination occurs when 3, 4 or 5 symbols match across adjacent reels from the left The golden phoenix symbol also awards for 2 matching symbols. The number of ways is calculated by multiplying the number of matching symbols on each adjacent reel for that winning combination. The award is calculated by multiplying the pay table award with the number of ways for that winning combination. There are 1024 ways to win. Only the highest award is paid per winning combination. Awards from all winning combinations are added together. All wins pay left to right across adjacent reels, except free games and rabbits, starting from the leftmost reel. Any bonus wins are added to any coincidental line wins. Only the highest of a kind free spin feature is awarded. Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. 4 Wild Symbols These substitute for all symbols except rabbits, coins and free games symbols. They appear on reels 2 to 5 in the base game, jackpot respins and free games. 5 Coin Symbols These have values on them. Monetary values are proportionate to the base game stake. For a stake of $0.88: On reel 2, these values range from 10 to 125. On reel 3, these values range from 22 to 125. On reel 4, these values range from 25 to 200. On reel 5, these values range from 50 to 250. These values are expressed in cents. Additionally on reel 5 the coins may have a number of free games on them ranging from 4 to 12 free games. During respins the values on the coins on reel 5 are pot names whose values correspond to the amounts shown on the screen The mini pot has a value of $2.50. The minor pot has a value of $10.00. The major pot has a value of $25.00. The mega pot has a value of $100.00. The pot values are proportionate to the base game stake. 6 Rabbit Features When any combination of rabbits appear on reel 1 there is a chance of the feature upgrade being awarded if valid coins are present. The upgrade is guaranteed in respins and free games. Coins are valid if there is at least one coin on reel 2. Then all coins from reel 2 and further reels that contain at least one coin are valid until a reel doesn’t contain a coin. No coins are valid for that reel and subsequent ones. If the feature upgrade is not awarded, the sum of the valid cash value coins is awarded If there is a valid free games coin on reel 5, the total number of free games shown is awarded and the free games bonus begins. If the feature upgrade is awarded, the features associated with all rabbits on reel 1 are awarded. 6.1 Boost Rabbit If the feature upgrade is awarded the boost rabbit awards a boost of all valid cash and free games coins For cash values on 0.88 stake On reel 2, this boost ranges from 6 to 125 On reel 3, this boost ranges from 12 to 125 On reel 4, this boost ranges from 18 to 250 On reel 5, this boost ranges from 25 to 250 The cash boost values are proportionate to the base stake played. Free games coin values on reel 5 are boosted by 1 Pot values on reel 5 are not boosted. 6.2 Multiply Rabbit If the feature upgrade is awarded the multiply rabbit applies a multiplier to all valid coins (after they have been boosted, if the boost rabbit is also on reel 1) For cash values on reels 2 to 5 this multiplier ranges from 2 to 10 For free games coin values on reel 5 this multiplier ranges from 2 to 10 Pot values on reel 5 do not have a multiplier applied 6.3 Jackpot Respins Rabbit If the feature upgrade is awarded the jackpot respin rabbit triggers a respin sequence. If either of the other rabbits are also present on reel 1, their upgraded value is awarded. Then reel 1 is locked and reels 2 to 5 respin. If there are now valid coins on reels 2 to 5 (at least one on reel2 and then other reels consecutively until no coins are present on a reel) then any upgrades from other rabbits on reel 1 are awarded and then the total valid coins are awarded. This respin process continues until there is no coin on reel 2, at which point the jackpot respin feature ends. Coins on reel 5 contain pot names during the respin sequence. Their values are not subject to boosts or multipliers. During respin features other rabbits present on reel 1 are guaranteed to award their upgrade. It is not possible to trigger additional features not present at the start of the jackpot respin feature. Jackpot respins reels are used during this feature. 7 Free Games Feature The free games feature is triggered when there are 3 or more free games symbols on consecutive reels starting from reel 1 For 3 free spin symbols, 8 free games are awarded For 4 free spin symbols, 12 free games are awarded For 5 free spin symbols, 20 free games are awarded Or if there are valid free games coins on reel 5. Any rabbits that land on reel 1 during free games are guaranteed to award their upgrade bonus. If the jackpot respin feature is awarded during free games, the jackpot respin bonus is played and then the game returns to any remaining free games Further free games can be awarded during free games by achieving another 3 or more free games symbols on consecutive reels starting on reel 1 or by achieving free games coins on reel 5 that are valid (so there must be a rabbit on reel 1 and coins also on reels 2,3 and 4) Free games reels are used during this feature 8 Bonus Buy (if available) Bonus buy allows the player to purchase direct entry to the free games feature. Purchasing the feature immediately starts a game that guarantees at least 3 free games symbols on reels 1,2 and 3 and the possibility of further free games symbols on reels 4 and 5. Bonus buy is purchased for 67x the current stake. All awards are determined by the current stake. The average payback over multiple game cycles in bonus buy mode is 94.5%. 9 Fortune Bet Fortune bet is an alternative to standard spins. Activating fortune bet allows the player to select a new bet multiplier of 1.5x the current stake. Doing so increases the frequency of rabbits landing on reel 1 and guarantees the feature upgrade of those rabbits if there are valid coins from reel 2 onwards. The awards and big win thresholds remain the same as the base stake. The average payback over multiple game cycles in fortune bet mode is 94.5% 10 Spin Chance Spin Chance is triggered automatically if the credit is reduced below the current price of play, yet is still greater than zero. Spin Chance offers the player an opportunity to wager their remaining credit in an attempt at winning an additional spin at the current bet. To play Spin Chance, select the ‘PLAY’ button to begin moving the pointer across the meter. Alternatively, select the ‘NO THANKS’ button to exit Spin Chance with the remaining credit. If the pointer stops on the green segment, a spin at the current bet is awarded and plays automatically. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses any remaining credit and exits to the base game. The red and green segments are proportional to the amount of credit in relation to the current bet. The chance of winning a spin is determined by this ratio. 11 General Information 11.1 Game Recovery In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. 11.2 Payback Information Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed 250,000.00 excluding jackpots. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every stake configuration. This game has been independently fairness tested. The expected payback for the Standard game is 94.5%. The expected payback for the gamble game is 100% Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 8/7/2024