Sticky Stacked Fire 7's 1 Introduction Sticky Stacked Fire 7s is an addition to the Stacked Fire 7s franchise, featuring the 5x4, 40 win line base game seen in previous releases but with the addition of a Free Spins Bonus that features sticky expanding wilds. In addition to the sticky expanding wilds in the Free Spins Bonus, the game also features Fortune Bet and Spin Chance. 2 How to Play Spin the reels by pressing the 'SPIN' button to try to achieve 3, 4 or 5 of a kind reel wins. Select the 'CHANGE STAKE' button to increase or decrease the size of the bet. 2.1 Autoplay Press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to see the options. You must select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay. 'Custom Loss Limit' refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. For example, if you have 50 in your balance, and you choose a 20 loss limit, the auto play will stop as soon as your balance goes below 30, even if you have auto play games remaining. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the 'Custom Loss Limit' button. Choose the 'More settings' option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. Select the 'AUTOPLAY' button during autoplay to stop them. 2.2 Turbo Mode Enabling 'Turbo Mode' increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spin animation. This does not impact the outcome of the game. 3 Game Rules All games are played with 40 win lines. Wins can occur across any or all of the win lines. Only the highest award is paid per winning combination. All wins pay left to right on adjacent reels starting with the leftmost reel. Wins on different played lines are added. Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. The wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except the Bonus symbol. The wild symbol appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 in both the Base Game and the Freespins 4 Bonuses 4.1 Bonus Scatter symbol Landing 3 Bonus Scatter symbols in any position in view during the Base Game awards the Free Spins Bonus. The Bonus Scatter symbol appears on reels 1,3 and 5 during the Base Game only. 4.2 Free Spins Upon entering the Bonus, the player is awarded 8 Free Spins. No additional Free Spins can be awarded during the Free Spins Bonus. 4.3 Free Spins Bonus During Free Spins Bonus the number of symbols is reduced to just the highest 3 highest paying symbols and the Wild symbol. Wild symbols landing in view on the reels will expand and stick in place on the reel it landed on for the remaining duration of the current Free Spins bonus. 4.4 Fortune Bet Fortune Bet can be activated by pressing the Fortune Bet button. Activating the Fortune Bet increases the current stake by 50%. When active, the chance of winning Free Spins entry is increased. When a Bonus symbol lands on reels 1 and 3, but not on reel 5, while the Fortune Bet is active, reel 5 will respin once to give another opportunity to land the final Bonus symbol needed for entry to the Bonus. All wins are paid before the respin and then all wins are paid again after the respin. The awards, gamble entry and big win thresholds remain the same as the base stake while the Fortune Bet is active and being played. All awards are determined by the current stake. 4.5 Bonus Buy Bonus Buy allows you to purchase direct entry into the Free Spins Bonus and choose the number of Free Spins you begin with. When the Bonus Buy button is pressed, you are presented with the 6 possible options for the starting number of Free Spins to buy, and the associated cost of buying a bonus with each one available. The base stake can also be changed and changing this alters the cost of each Free Spins option. The available options of Free Spins the player can buy to start the bonus with are: 5, 10, 15 20, 25 and 30 Free Spins All awards are determined by the current stake. 4.6 Gamble The gamble can be configured to be on, on if the win is greater than or equal to 5x stake, or off. If the gamble is on, any winnings awarded during the game will offer the gamble feature. If the gamble is on if the win is greater than or equal to 5x stake, any winnings greater than or equal to 5x stake awarded during the game will offer the gamble feature. The gamble entry trigger is based on the base stake before any stake multipliers are applied. When the gamble is entered, two wheels are presented. The left wheel offers the chance to increase the winnings by half, double the winnings, or triple the winnings. The win value can be adjusted by pressing the ‘-’ and ‘+’ arrows, this in turn will adjust the winning and losing segments of the wheel. The right wheel offers the chance to win Free Spins. The number of Free Spins awarded can be adjusted by pressing the ‘-’ and ‘+’ arrows, this in turn will adjust the winning and losing segments of the wheel. Press either ‘Gamble’ button during the feature to gamble your winnings and spin the pointer. If the pointer stops on the green segment, the cash value or Free Spins are awarded. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses their winnings and exits to the base game. Press the ‘Collect’ button during the feature to collect your winnings. 4.7 Spin Chance Spin Chance is triggered automatically if the credit is reduced below the current price of play, yet is still greater than zero. Spin Chance offers the player an opportunity to wager their remaining credit in an attempt at winning an additional spin at the current bet. To play Spin Chance, select the ‘PLAY’ button to begin moving the pointer across the meter. Alternatively, select the ‘NO THANKS’ button to exit Spin Chance with the remaining credit. If the pointer stops on the green segment, a spin at the current bet is awarded and plays automatically. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses any remaining credit and exits to the base game. The red and green segments are proportional to the amount of credit in relation to the current bet. The chance of winning a spin is determined by this ratio. 5 General Information 5.1 Game Recovery In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. 5.2 Payback Information Your odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. This reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays, over an extended period of time. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed 250,000.00. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every stake configuration. This game has been independently fairness tested. Malfunction voids all plays and pays. Last modification date: 3/6/2025