Big Big Fishing Fortune Introduction Big Big Fishing Fortune is a 5x3, 10 win line slot game. How to Play Spin the reels by pressing the 'SPIN' button to try to achieve 3, 4 or 5 of a kind reel wins. The top symbol also pays for 2 of a kind. Select the 'CHANGE STAKE' button to increase or decrease the size of the bet. Autoplay Press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to see the options. You must select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay. 'Custom Loss Limit' refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. For example, if you have 50 in your balance, and you choose a 20 loss limit, the auto play will stop as soon as your balance goes below 30, even if you have auto play games remaining. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the 'Custom Loss Limit' button. Choose the 'More settings' option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. Select the 'AUTOPLAY' button during autoplay to stop them. Turbo Mode Enabling 'Turbo Mode' increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spin animation. This does not impact the outcome of the game. Game Rules All games are played with 10 win lines. Wins can occur across any or all of the win lines. Only the highest award is paid per winning combination. Wins on different played lines are added. All wins pay left to right across adjacent reels, except bonus, starting from the leftmost reel. The bonus win is added to any coincidental line wins, only the highest of a kind bonus feature is awarded. Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. Wild Symbols Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except bonus symbols and upgrade symbols They appear on reels 2,3,4 and 5 during Fortune Spins base games. They appear on reels 1,2,3,4 and 5 during the bonus. Reel Modifier If two scatters have landed, there is a chance a hook will descend and pull another reel up to reveal a further scatter, thus delivering the bonus. 6 Features Big Big Fishing Fortune Bonus Entry Bonus symbols appear on all reels, 3 or more bonus symbols landing anywhere in view starts the Big Big Fishing Fortune bonus. During the bonus feature the initial Big Fish value is chosen in the match 3 game. With 3 bonus symbols the initial Big Fish can be 100x, 50x, 30x, 25x, 20x. With 4 bonus symbols the initial Big Fish can be 100x, 50x, 30x, 25x. With 5 bonus symbols the initial Big Fish can be 100x, 50x, 30x. Big Big Fishing Fortune Bonus Match 3 Game In the Match 3 game you will determine the initial value used on the Big Fish The game will change to show 9, 12 or 15 identical tiles. depending on the number of bonus symbols used to trigger the feature. Selecting these symbols one at a time will uncover a Big Fish value. Once you find 3 matching values you start the bonus with the corresponding value on the Big Fish All values picked are entered into the trail above the match 3 game. The bonus will start with the trail in this configuration, with all positions below the current Big Fish value filled in Big Fishing Fortune Bonus The upgrade symbol only appears on the reels during bonus free spins. The upgrade symbol corresponds to the first empty position in the trail, from the left. If a section is filled during a spin, subsequent upgrade symbols will correspond to the next empty position. When the upgrade symbols lands, it lights the first empty position from the left in the trail above the reels. When a section corresponding to a Big Fish is complete, that fish becomes the new Big Fish value. Any Big Fish in view are upgraded to this new value. Any subsequent Big Fish that land will correspond to this new value. The section of the trail corresponding to this fish is removed. The upgrade symbol now changes to that corresponding to the next empty position in the trail, from the left. Once the highest paying Big Fish has been awarded, no upgrade symbols will appear on the reels. Upgrade Symbol The upgrade symbol only appears on the reels during bonus free spins. The upgrade symbol corresponds to the first empty position in the trail, from the left. If a section is filled during a spin, subsequent upgrade symbols will correspond to the next empty position. When the upgrade symbols lands, it lights the first empty position from the left in the trail above the reels. When a section corresponding to a Big Fish is complete, that fish becomes the new Big Fish value. Any Big Fish in view are upgraded to this new value. Any subsequent Big Fish that land will correspond to this new value. The section of the trail corresponding to this fish is removed. The upgrade symbol now changes to that corresponding to the next empty position in the trail, from the left. Once the highest paying Big Fish has been awarded, no upgrade symbols will appear on the reels. Bonus Buy (if available) Bonus buy allows the player to purchase direct entry to the bonus feature. Purchasing the feature immediately starts a game that guarantees at least 3 scatter symbols. Bonus buy is purchased for 63x the current stake. All awards are determined by the current stake. Fortune Spins As an alternative to spinning the normal reels, a different base game can be chosen. The Fortune Spins game can be played via the Fortune Spins button. In Fortune Spins only fish, bonus symbols, fishermen and blanks appear on the Fortune Spins base game reels. Fortune Bet Fortune bet is an alternative to standard spins. Activating Fortune Bet allows the player to select a new bet multiplier of 1.5x the current stake. If, after the base game reel spin and any modifiers, two scatters are present on the reels of a Fortune Bet base game, then a respin is triggered on the three remaining reels. Only one respin per game can occur. This may result in further wins. Or it may result in further scatters, thus activating the bonus. The awards, gamble entry and big win thresholds remain the same as the base stake. Gamble The gamble can be configured to be on, on if the win is greater than or equal to 5x stake, or off. If the gamble is on, any winnings awarded during the game will offer the gamble feature. If the gamble is on and if the win is greater than or equal to 5x stake, any winnings greater than or equal to 5x stake awarded during the game will offer the gamble feature. The gamble entry trigger is based on the base stake before any stake multipliers are applied. When the gamble is entered, two wheels are presented. The left wheel offers the chance to increase the winnings by one half, double the winnings or triple the winnings. The right wheel offers the chance to win a bonus entry. The win value can be adjusted by pressing the “-” and “+” arrows, this in turn will adjust the winnings and losing segments of the wheel. Press either wheel, if active, during the feature to gamble your winnings and spin the pointer If the pointer stops on the green segment, the cash value or a 3, 4 or 5 scatter bonus entry is awarded. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses their winnings and exits to the base game. When the potential winning area of the gamble wheel is at its minimum size the chance of success could be significantly less than the visual representation shown. Winnings can be gambled up to a maximum win amount of x2500 stake. Once the maximum win amount is reached, winnings are automatically collected, and the gamble will be exited. A maximum of 5 scatters can be achieved in the gamble for bonus entry. Once this is reached, the bonus entry wheel is disabled, while the player is still able to gamble on the cash wheel. Winnings from the bonus can be gambled, but gamble to bonus will not be available if the bonus was initially entered via the gamble. Press the ‘collect’ button during the feature to collect your winnings. Spin Chance Spin Chance is triggered automatically if the credit is reduced below the current price of play, yet is still greater than zero. Spin Chance offers the player an opportunity to wager their remaining credit in an attempt at winning an additional spin at the current bet. To play Spin Chance, select the ‘PLAY’ button to begin moving the pointer across the meter. Alternatively, select the ‘NO THANKS’ button to exit Spin Chance with the remaining credit. If the pointer stops on the green segment, a spin at the current bet is awarded and plays automatically. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses any remaining credit and exits to the base game. The red and green segments are proportional to the amount of credit in relation to the current bet. The chance of winning a spin is determined by this ratio. General Information Game Recovery In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. This game has been independently fairness tested. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 9/12/2024