Kong it up Large 1 Introduction Kong It Up Large featuring Cash Bank is a 5x3, 10 win line game which features the Cash Bank Bonus, a Free Spins bonus that can award Prize Pots along-side Cash-on-Reels values. In addition to the Cash Bank Bonus, both the Base Game and the Cash Bank Bonus include a cash symbol pile that may award access to the Wheel Bonus as well as Fortune Spins, Bonus Buy, Gamble and Spin Chance. 2 How to Play Spin the reels by pressing the 'SPIN' button to try to achieve 2, 3, 4 or 5 of a kind reel wins. Select the 'CHANGE STAKE' button to increase or decrease the size of the bet. 2.1 Autoplay Press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to see the options. You must select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay. 'Custom Loss Limit' refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. For example, if you have 50 in your balance, and you choose a 20 loss limit, the auto play will stop as soon as your balance goes below 30, even if you have auto play games remaining. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the 'Custom Loss Limit' button. Choose the 'More settings' option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. Select the 'AUTOPLAY' button during autoplay to stop them. 2.2 Turbo Mode Enabling 'Turbo Mode' increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spin animation. This does not impact the outcome of the game. 3 Game Rules 3.1 Awards Match 2, 3, 4 or 5 symbols across adjacent reels on a valid win line, starting with the leftmost reel, to achieve a win. 3.2 Winning Lines All games are played with 10 win lines. Wins can occur across any or all of the win lines. Only the highest award is paid per winning combination. All wins pay left to right across adjacent reels, starting with the leftmost reel. Wins on different played lines are added. Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. 3.3 Wild Symbol Substitutes for all symbols except for the Collect symbol, Bonus Collect symbol and Cash symbols. Wilds appear on reels 2, 3 and 4 in the base game and in all the Cash Bank Free Spins Bonuses. 3.4 Collect Symbol The Collect symbol is available on reel 5 during the base game, the Cash Bank Free Spins Bonus and the Golden Banana Cash Bank Free Spins Bonus, and on reels 1 and 5 during the Double Collect Cash Bank Free Spins Bonus. Landing any Collector symbols collects all Banana Symbols in view for each Collect symbol in view. 3.5 Bonus Collect Symbol The Bonus Collect symbol is available on reel 5 in the base game only. Landing 4 or more Banana symbols and a Bonus Collect symbol awards the Cash Bank Free Spins Bonus. All Banana symbols are collected, and 8 Free Spins are awarded. 3.6 Cash symbols The Cash symbol is available on reels 1, 2, 3 and 4 in the base game, the Cash Bank Free Spins Bonus and on all reels during the Double Collect Cash Bank Free Spins Bonus. Cash symbols have a value presented on them that will be a multiple of the current base stake. These values are only awarded by landing the Collect or Bonus Collect symbols. Available cash values during the base game, Cash Bank Free Spin and Double Collect Cash Bank Free Spins are: x1, x2 and x5. Each symbol that lands in view adds to the Banana Pile. 3.7 Banana Toss Modifier Randomly, in a game where at least 1 Banana has been added to the Banana pile, Kong may appear in front of the reels and add an additional Banana to the Banana pile, triggering the Kong Wheel Bonus. 3.8 Big Cash Symbols Big Cash symbols may spin over the main reels in the base game or the bonus. All Cash symbols during Golden Banana Cash Bank Free Spins are Big Cash symbols. If a Big Cash symbol lands in view with a collector symbol, its value is awarded. Available cash Values: x10, x20, x30, x50, x75, x100. If a Big Cash Symbol lands in view with a Bonus Collect symbol, its value is awarded, and the Cash Bank Free Spins Bonus is awarded. Each symbol that lands in view adds to the Banana Pile. 3.9 Kong Wheel Bonus: Base Game Main Wheel Every Banana symbol that lands in view adds to the Banana Pile. For each Banana symbol that adds to the Banana Pile, there is a chance that the Banana Pile will increase or award the Kong Wheel Bonus. The Main Kong Wheel Bonus can award the Cash Bank Free Spins Bonus, the Upgrade Wheel, or a Mini, Minor or Major Prize Pot. The wheel segment sizes are for visual purposes only and do not reflect the chances of being awarded each prize. If the Cash Bank Free Spins bonus is awarded a Bonus Collect symbol is added to reel 5 to trigger the bonus with the Bananas already in view. 3.10 Kong Wheel Bonus: Base Game Upgrade Wheel During the base game Kong Wheel Bonus, when the main wheel lands on the Upgrade position the player is awarded the Upgrade wheel. The Upgrade Kong Wheel Bonus can award the Golden Banana Cash Bank Free Spins Bonus, the Double Collect Cash Bank Free Spins Bonus, or the Grand Prize Pot. The wheel segment sizes are for visual purposes only and do not reflect the chances of being awarded each prize If the Double Collect Cash Bank Free Spins bonus is awarded, a Double Collect Bonus Collect symbol is added to reel 5 to trigger the bonus with the Bananas already in view. If the Golden Banana Cash Bank Free Spins bonus is awarded, a Golden Banana Bonus Collect symbol is added to reel 5 to trigger the bonus. Additionally, a Golden Banana Big Cash symbol is added to the reels, replacing the values of any Banana Cash symbols already on the reels. 3.11 Kong Wheel Bonus: Free Spins Every Banana symbol that lands in view adds to the Banana Pile. For each Banana symbol that adds to the Banana Pile, there is a chance that the Banana Pile will increase or award the Kong Wheel Bonus. The Free Spins Kong Wheel Bonus can award Extra Free Spins or a Major or Grand Prize Pot. The wheel segment sizes are for visual purposes only and do not reflect the chances of being awarded each prize. 3.12 Cash Bank Free Spins Bonus Landing 4 or more Cash symbols and the Bonus Collect symbols in the base game, or landing on the Free Spins position in the Kong Wheel Bonus in the base game awards the Cash Bank Free Spins Bonus and 8 Free Spins. Prize Pot Tokens appear on reels 1, 2, 3 and 4 during the Cash Bank Free Spins Bonus. Collecting 3 Mini tokens awards the Mini Prize Pot. The Mini Prize Pot award is 10x base bet. Collecting 4 Minor tokens awards the Minor Prize Pot. The Minor Prize Pot award is 25x base bet. Collecting 5 Major tokens awards the Major Prize Pot. The Major Prize Pot award is 50x base bet. Collecting 6 Grand tokens awards the Grand Prize Pot. The Grand Prize Pot award is 1000x base bet. After a Prize Pot is awarded, the meter will empty. Prize Pots can be awarded multiple times per Bonus. 3.13 Double Collect Cash Bank Free Spins Bonus Landing on a Double Collect position in the Kong Wheel Bonus in the base game awards the Double Collect Cash Bank Free Spins Bonus and 8 Free Spins. During the Double Collect Cash Bank Free Spins Bonus Collect symbols are added to reel 1 as well as reel 5. Additionally, during this bonus only, Banana symbols are available on all reels. Prize Pot Tokens appear on reels 1, 2, 3 and 4 during the Double Collect Cash Bank Free Spins Bonus. Collecting 3 Mini tokens awards the Mini Prize Pot. The Mini Prize Pot award is 10x base bet. Collecting 4 Minor tokens awards the Minor Prize Pot. The Minor Prize Pot award is 25x base bet. Collecting 5 Major tokens awards the Major Prize Pot. The Major Prize Pot award is 50x base bet. Collecting 6 Grand tokens awards the Grand Prize Pot. The Grand Prize Pot award is 1000x base bet. After a Prize Pot is awarded, the meter will empty. Prize Pots can be awarded multiple times per Bonus. 3.14 Golden Banana Cash Bank Free Spins Bonus Landing on the Golden Banana position in the Kong Wheel Bonus in the base game awards the Golden Banana Cash Bank Free Spins Bonus and 8 Free Spins. During the Golden Banana Cash Bank Free Spins Bonus all Cash symbols are Big Cash symbols with a minimum value of 10x base stake. Prize Pot Tokens appear on reels 1, 2, 3 and 4 during the Golden Banana Cash Bank Free Spins Bonus. Collecting 3 Mini tokens awards the Mini Prize Pot. The Mini Prize Pot award is 10x base bet. Collecting 4 Minor tokens awards the Minor Prize Pot. The Minor Prize Pot award is 25x base bet. Collecting 5 Major tokens awards the Major Prize Pot. The Major Prize Pot award is 50x base bet. Collecting 6 Grand tokens awards the Grand Prize Pot. The Grand Prize Pot award is 1000x base bet. After a Prize Pot is awarded, the meter will empty. Prize Pots can be awarded multiple times per Bonus. 4 Bonus Buy The Bonus Buy mode can be activated by pressing the Bonus Buy button. Bonus Buy allows the player to purchase direct entry into one of the Cash Bank Free Spins Bonuses or the Kong Wheel Bonus. When the Bonus Buy button is pressed, the player is presented with the 4 possible bonus options and the associated cost of buying that bonus. The four options to choose from are: Kong Wheel Bonus Golden Banana Cash Bank Free Spins Double Collect Cash Bank Free Spins Mystery Cash Bank Free Spins The base stake can also be changed on the initial Bonus Buy modal. Changing this alters the cost of each option. If the Mystery option is purchased, one of the three possible Cash Bank Free Spins bonuses will be selected at random to be awarded. When a Cash Bank Free Spins option is confirmed, the game will spin in a random game that will award a Cash Bank Free Spins bonus that attributes with the confirmed bonus. If the Kong Wheel Bonus is purchased, the game will spin in a random game that will award the Kong Wheel bonus. Feature awards are determined by the current base stake. Available cash values during the base game, Cash Bank Free Spin and Double Collect Cash Bank Free Spins are: x1, x2, x5, x10, x20, x30, x50, x100. Available cash values during Golden Cash Bank Free Spins are: x10, x20, x30, x50, x75, x100. 5 Fortune Spins The Fortune Spins mode can be activated by pressing the Fortune Spins button. The spin button is used to play Fortune Spins. During fortune spins the standard reels are replaced with fortune spins reels containing only Cash, Blank, Collector and Bonus Collector symbols. Landing 4 or more Cash symbols and a Bonus Collector awards the Cash Bank Bonus. Landing a Collector symbol in Fortune Spins collects all cash in view. Available cash values are: x1, x2, x5, x10, x20, x30, x50, x75 x100. 6 Fortune Bet The Fortune Bet mode can be activated by pressing the Fortune Bet button. Activating Fortune Bet allows the player to select a new bet multiplier of 1.5x the current stake. Doing so increases the frequency of activating the Kong Wheel Bonus. The awards, gamble entry, big win thresholds and Cash symbol values remain the same as the base stake. 7 Gamble The gamble can be configured to be on, on if the win is greater than or equal to 5x stake, or off. If the gamble is on, any winnings awarded during the game will offer the gamble feature. If the gamble is on and if the win is greater than or equal to 5x stake, any winnings greater than or equal to 5x stake awarded during the game will offer the gamble feature. The gamble entry amount is based on the base stake before any stake multipliers are applied. When the gamble is entered, two wheels are presented. The left wheel offers the chance to increase the winnings by one third, double the winnings, or triple the winnings. The right wheel offers the chance to gamble for the Cash Bank Free Spins Bonus, Double Collect Free Spins Bonus, or Golden Banana Free Spins Bonus. The win value can be adjusted by pressing the ‘-’ and ‘+’ arrows, this in turn will adjust the winning and losing segments of the wheel. Press either wheel during the feature to gamble your winnings and spin the pointer. If the pointer stops on the green segment, the cash value or Bonus is awarded. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses their winnings and exits to the base game. When the potential winning area of the gamble wheel is at its minimum size the chance of success could be significantly less than the visual representation shown. If the result of a winning gamble would exceed the win limit of 2500x base stake or $1,000,000.00, whichever is the lower value, winnings are automatically collected, and the gamble will be exited The maximum that can be achieved via the Cash Bank Free Spins gamble is the Golden Banana Free Spins Bonus. Once this is reached, the Cash Bank Free Spins wheel is disabled, while the player is still able to gamble on the Cash wheel. Press the ‘COLLECT’ button during the feature to collect your winnings. The expected payback for the gamble feature is 100% 8 Spin Chance Spin Chance is triggered automatically if the credit is reduced below the current price of play, yet is still greater than zero. Spin Chance offers the player an opportunity to wager their remaining credit in an attempt at winning an additional spin at the current bet. To play Spin Chance, select the ‘PLAY’ button to begin moving the pointer across the meter. Alternatively, select the ‘NO THANKS’ button to exit Spin Chance with the remaining credit. If the pointer stops on the green segment, a spin at the current bet is awarded and plays automatically. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses any remaining credit and exits to the base game. The red and green segments are proportional to the amount of credit in relation to the current bet. The chance of winning a spin is determined by this ratio. 9 General Information 9.1 Game Recovery In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. 9.2 Payback Information The player’s odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed 500,000.00 excluding jackpots. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every stake configuration. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) for this game is 94.50%. The RTP reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of players over an extended period of time, and represents the long-term expected payback of the game which has been calculated by an independent testing company, in accordance with the required regulations. The outcome of any play during the game is pre-determined. Player choices do not affect the outcome of the game unless indicated. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The expected payback for the game is 94.5% Last modification date: 3/4/2026