Gold Cash Freespins Superwheel 1 Introduction Gold Cash Freespins Super Wheel is a money & gold bar themed 40 line, 5x4 slot game featuring Free Spins and a shared persistence feature – the Super Wheel. 2 How to Play Spin the reels by pressing the 'SPIN' button to try to achieve 3, 4 or 5 of a kind reel wins. Select the 'CHANGE STAKE' button to increase or decrease the size of the bet. 2.1 Autoplay Press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to see the options. You must select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay. 'Custom Loss Limit' refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. For example, if you have 50 in your balance, and you choose a 20 loss limit, the auto play will stop as soon as your balance goes below 30, even if you have auto play games remaining. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the 'Custom Loss Limit' button. Choose the 'More settings' option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. Select the 'AUTOPLAY' button during autoplay to stop them. 2.2 Turbo Mode Enabling 'Turbo Mode' increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spin animation. This does not impact the outcome of the game. 3 Game Rules Match 3, 4 or 5 symbols across adjacent reels on a valid win line, starting with the leftmost reel, to achieve a win, except for Bonus symbols. All games are played with 40 win lines. Wins can occur across any or all of the win lines. Only the highest award is paid per winning combination. All wins pay left to right on adjacent reels starting with the leftmost reel. Wins on different played lines are added. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. 4 Wild Symbol Wild Symbol substitutes for all symbols except Bonus symbol. Wild symbols are available on reels 2, 3 & 4 in both the base game and the Free Spins bonus. Wild symbols are available on all reels during the Super Free Spins bonus. 5 Free Spins Bonus Bonus symbols are available on reels 1, 3 & 5 in the base game. 3 Bonus symbols anywhere in view triggers the Free Spins bonus. Upon entering the bonus, the player is awarded 8 Free Spins. The Free Spins are all played using the Wild symbol and the three top paying symbols. 6 Super Wheel Bonus During the base game, between 0 and 5 reels will light up. They light from left to right on consecutive reels, starting from the leftmost reel. Achieving 5 lit up reels triggers the Super Wheel, which consists of Cash Prize, Super Cash Prize and Super Bonus segments. The Super Wheel has 40 segments and is shared between all the active players playing the same stake. If the Super Wheel stops on a Super Bonus segment, the Super Wheel Bonus is triggered. The Super Wheel then resets to its initial state of 2 Super Bonus segments for the next spin. If the Super Wheel stops on one of the Cash Prize segments, the player is awarded the cash prize that is displayed on that segment, and the player returns to the base game. The segment that the Super Wheel landed on upgrades to a Super Cash Prize for the next spin. Available Cash Prizes are 8x, 10x and 12x current stake. If the Super Wheel stops on one of the Super Cash Prize segments, the player is awarded the cash prize that is displayed on that segment, and the player returns to the base game. The segment that the Super Wheel landed on changes into a Super Bonus segment for the next spin. Available Super Cash Prizes are 20x, 25x, 30x and 50x current stake. If the Super Wheel lands on a Super Bonus segment the player is awarded 8 Super Free Spins. During Super Free Spins the player can be randomly awarded a Wild Spin where wilds are randomly added to the reels before the reels stop and award any prizes. The Super Free Spins are all played using the Wild symbol and the three top paying symbols. The top of the Super Wheel is visible at the top of the game in the base game. Clicking on the Wheel icon will show the full Super Wheel. Clicking on the Active Players icon will show how many active players there are and the history. 7 Gamble The gamble can be configured to be on, on if the win is greater than or equal to 5x stake, or off. If the gamble is on, any winnings awarded during the game will offer the gamble feature. The gamble is not offered after a Super Wheel win. The gamble threshold does not increase with Fortune Bet enabled. If the gamble is set to on if the win is greater than or equal to 5x stake, any winnings greater than or equal to 5x stake awarded during the game will offer the gamble feature. The gamble entry trigger is based on the base stake before any stake multipliers are applied. When the gamble is entered, two wheels are presented. The left wheel offers the chance to increase the winnings by one third, double the winnings, or triple the winnings. The right wheel offers the chance to win Free Spins. The win value can be adjusted by pressing the ‘-’ and ‘+’ arrows, this in turn will adjust the winning and losing segments of the wheel. Press either wheel during the feature to gamble your winnings and spin the pointer. If the pointer stops on the green segment of the selected gamble wheel, the cash value or Free Spins are awarded. If the pointer stops on the red segment of the selected gamble wheel, the player loses their winnings and exits to the base game. When the potential winning area of the gamble wheel is at its minimum size, the chance of success could be significantly less than the visual representation shown. If the result of a winning gamble would exceed the win limit of 2500x base stake or $500,000.00, whichever is the lower value, winnings are automatically collected, and the gamble will be exited. A maximum of 30 Free Spins can be achieved in the gamble for Free Spins wheel. Once this is reached, the Free Spins wheel is disabled, while the player is still able to gamble on the Cash wheel. Press the ‘COLLECT’ button during the feature to collect your winnings. The expected payback for the gamble feature is 100% 8 Fortune Bet Fortune Bet is an alternative to standard spins. Activating Fortune Bet allows the player to select a new bet multiplier of 1.2x the current stake. Doing so increases the frequency of triggering the Super Wheel. The awards and Big Win thresholds remain the same as the base stake. 9 Spin Chance Spin Chance is triggered automatically if the credit is reduced below the current price of play, yet is still greater than zero. Spin Chance offers the player an opportunity to wager their remaining credit in an attempt at winning an additional spin at the current bet. To play Spin Chance, select the ‘PLAY’ button to begin moving the pointer across the meter. Alternatively, select the ‘NO THANKS’ button to exit Spin Chance with the remaining credit. If the pointer stops on the green segment, a spin at the current bet is awarded and plays automatically. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses any remaining credit and exits to the base game. The red and green segments are proportional to the amount of credit in relation to the current bet. 10 General Information 10.1 GAME RECOVERY In the event of an unexpected interruption / termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. 10.2 STAKE INFORMATION The minimum stake available is 0.20 per game. The maximum stake available is 120.00 per game. 10.3 PAYBACK INFORMATION The player's odds of getting any particular outcome may be dependent on the state of the Super Wheel. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed 500,00.00 excluding jackpots. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every stake configuration. This game features persistence which affects the RTP of the game. The RTP for the Standard Bet is between 89.01% and 213.24% based on the state of the wheel. The overall theoretical average return to player (RTP) for this game is 94.50% after a large number of plays. The RTP reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays over an extended period of time, and represents the long-term expected payback of the game which has been calculated by an independent testing company, in accordance with the required regulations. The outcome of any play during the game is pre-determined. Player choices do not affect the outcome of the game unless indicated. Last modification date: 1/6/2026