Secret 7s Introduction Secret 7s is a 3x3 random slot game with a Free Spins bonus feature triggered by getting three Bonus symbols in view. How to Play Spin the reels by pressing the 'SPIN' button to try to achieve 3 of a kind reel wins. Select the 'BET' button to increase or decrease the size of the bet. Autoplay Press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to see the options. You must select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay 'Custom Loss Limit' refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. For example, if you have50 in your balance, and you choose a20 loss limit, the auto play will stop as soon as your balance goes below30, even if you have auto play games remaining. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your bet multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the 'Custom Loss Limit' button. Choose the 'More settings' option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. Select the 'AUTOPLAY' button during autoplays to stop them. Turbo Mode Enabling 'Turbo Mode' increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spin animation. This does not impact the outcome of the game. Game Rules All games are played with 9 lines. Wins can occur across any of the win lines Only the highest award is paid per winning combination. All wins pay left to right. Wins on different played lines are added. The scatter win is added to any coincidental line wins. Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. The wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except the Bonus symbol and the ‘+1’ symbol. The wild symbol appears on all reels in the base game and Free Spins. Secret Sevens During each reel spin, all 7s are shown as white in colour. When each reel lands, any 7s landing in view change colour to red, yellow or blue. Colour Spins Randomly at the start of any base game spin, all 3 reels may change colour to red, yellow or blue. Any 7s landing in view will automatically change to the same colour as the reels. Bonus Trigger The Bonus symbol is a scatter symbol. The Bonus symbol appears on all reels in the base game only. Landing 3 anywhere in view starts the Free Spins bonus. Free Spins Bonus The Free Spins bonus is triggered when 3 Bonus symbols land in view. 10 Free Spins are awarded. The reels will change colour on every spin. Extra Free Spins The ‘+1’ symbol is a scatter symbol. The ‘+1’ symbol appears on all reels in Free Spins only. 1 extra Free Spin is awarded for each ‘+1’ symbol that lands in view. Fortune Bet The Fortune Bet allows the player to increase their current bet by 50% in return for an enhanced base game. The Fortune Bet can be applied to any stake. During the Fortune Bet, the wild symbol also substitutes for the Bonus symbol. The chance of triggering the Free Spins bonus is now doubled. The chance of Colour Spins in the base game is also increased. The Fortune Bet can be switched on by pressing the onscreen Fortune Bet button. When the Fortune Bet is switched on, the new stake and game enhancements are shown in a panel over the reels and the Fortune Bet toggle button will be shown as ‘ON’. The Fortune Bet can be switched off by pressing the onscreen Fortune Bet button again. When the Fortune Bet is switched off, the standard stake and game information is shown in a panel over the reels,and the Fortune Bet toggle button will be shown as ‘OFF’. The Fortune Bet button will default to ‘OFF’ when the game is loaded up. The average expected payback of the Fortune Bet is 94.01%. Bonus Buy Bonus Buy allows the player to purchase direct entry into the Free Spins bonus. Purchasing the bonus immediately starts a game that guarantees 3 Bonus symbols will land in view. Bonus Buy is purchased for 50x the current stake. Free Spins awards are determined by the current stake. The average payback over multiple game cycles in the Bonus Buy is 94.01%. General Information Game Recovery In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. Payback Information The player’s odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed250,000.00 excluding jackpots. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every bet configuration. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) for this game is 94.00%. The RTP reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays over an extended period of time, and represents the long-term expected payback of the game which has been calculated by an independent testing company, in accordance with the required regulations. The outcome of any play during the game is pre-determined. Player choices do not affect the outcome of the game unless indicated. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 3/22/2024