Roulette 4 Ball Extra Bet Roulette 4-Ball Extra Bet Hybrid Dealer GAME RULES The objective of Roulette is to predict the number which the ball will land on by placing one or more bets on the betting table. 4-Ball Extra Bet Roulette offers additional bets based on the outcome of the inner wheel and the colour of the result on the main wheel. The inner wheel has 12 pockets colour Red (x4) / Black (x4) / Green (x4). The Roulette wheel includes the numbers 1-36 plus 0 and 00. Once the ball has landed any qualifying bets will be settled. The outcome of this game is random. PLACING BETS Betting opens at the start of each game. Timer indicates available betting time remaining. Bets are placed by touching the appropriate section of the betting table. Each click will increase the amount of the bet by the current chip denomination selected. Different denomination can be selected by clicking the chip button. Bets will not be accepted after betting has closed. Bets can be placed on the main betting table or the neighbour bets table. The neighbour bets table reflect the order of numbers on the Roulette wheel. Selecting a number on the neighbour bets table will place additional chips on its surrounding numbers. BET TYPES Chips can be placed to cover one or more numbers. Inside Bets Straight directly on any single number. Split vertical or horizontal line between any two numbers to be covered. Street placed at end of any row to cover 3 numbers. Corner intersection between any 4 numbers. Basket the zero line covering the numbers 1,2,3,0,00. Line line between any 2 rows covering 6 numbers. Outside Bets Column Marked “2:1” covering the 12 numbers in that column. Dozen Marked “1st 12”, “2nd 12” or “3rd 12” covers 12 numbers. Red/Black Covers either the 18 Red or 18 Black numbers. Even/Odd Covers either the 18 Even or 18 Odd numbers. 1-18/19-36 Covers either the 18 lowest or 18 highest numbers. Chips can be placed to cover one or more 4-Ball Extra Bet sidebets. At the start of each game 4 extra balls are fired automatically into the inner wheel. A prize is awarded if at least 2 balls land in the same inner wheel colour and the same colour results in the outer wheel. Matching more colours results in higher awards as detailed in the Paytable. Matching 4 colours on the inner wheel only also results in a prize award. Inner +Outer Red or Black Green 4+1 100:1 500:1 3+1 10:1 80:1 2+1 2:1 30:1 4+0 30:1 30:1 SPECIAL BETS Complete Bets- All possible inside bets are placed on the number selected. Hot and Cold Numbers-Places straight bet on number selected. Straight Up bets can be placed via the special bets screen. These options place single chips on the different bet types. STATISTICS View game statistics in different formats. History of the current table is displayed graphically. Players can place bets by touching areas of this display e.g. Hot and Cold numbers or outside bet type such as Red/Black. Use the slider to alter the number of rounds included. Toggle Statistics button to view a table of winning numbers in up to 250 of the most recent game rounds. FAVOURITE BETS Save your favourite bet combinations for easier use. After placing your bets select ADD LAST BET. The combination will be listed in your favourite bets and can be given a name to easily identify it. Multiples of the same bet can be placed by clicking on the bet more than once. Favourite bets can be edited or removed altogether. GENERAL INFORMATION GAME RECOVERY In the event of an unexpected interruption / termination of a real play game, the game will return any unconfirmed bets. Where bets have been confirmed at no more bets, the game shall continue to play out and any payout due to the player shall still be credited to their account. PAYBACK INFORMATION This game features prerecorded dealers. All results are generated by an approved and independently tested random number generator. The outcome of any play during the game is pre-determined. Player choices do not affect the outcome of the game unless stated. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 6/11/2025