Reel King Big Money WINNING LINES All games are played with 10 win lines. Wins can occur across any or all of the win lines. Only the highest award is paid per winning combination. Wins on different played lines are added. All wins pay left to right across adjacent reels, except Bonus, starting from the leftmost reel. Wins on different win lines are accumulated. WILD SYMBOLS Wilds substitute for all symbols except the bonus symbol Wild symbols appear on all reels in the base game, Fortune Spins and the Big Money Bonus. MIXED PAYS The money bags symbols are mixed pays. REEL MODIFIERS At random during any base game or fortune spins spin, the reel backings may light up as the reels land. If all 5 of the reel backings light up the Reel King will appear and announce a reel modifier. After the Reel King has announced the modifier, he will disappear, and the reels will spin again to award the announced modifier. The potential modifiers are: SUPER BONUS REELS The Reel King will announce Super Bonus Reels. When the reels spin again, additional bonus symbols are added to the reels, increasing the chance of entering the bonus. 5-OF-A-KIND The Reel King will announce a number of 5-of-a-kind wins. When the reels spin again, the reels will land to award the announced number of 5-of-a-kind wins. BIG WIN The Reel King will announce a Big Win, guaranteeting a win of at least 20x current bet. When the reels spin again, the reels will land to award the announced win of 20x or more of the current bet. BONUS SYMBOL The Bonus scatter symbol is available on all reels in the base game. 3 or more bonus scatter symbols landing anywhere in view will trigger the bonus. 3 in any position awards Big Money Bonus with a 1x starting multiplier. 4 in any position awards Super Big Money Bonus with a 2x starting multiplier. 5 in any position awards Mega Big Money Bonus with a 3x starting multiplier. BIG MONEY BONUS A progressive trail will appear above the reels. The available multipliers that can be obtained via the trail are 2x, 3x, 4x, 6x, 8x and 10x. The first multiplier on the trail is 2x. This is located at position 6 on the trail, with each additional multiplier increasing every 3 positions until reaching 10x. The maximum multiplier that can be obtained via the trail is 10x. Upon reaching a multiplier on the trail, all subsequent money bags collected by the Reel King will be multiplied. Reel King symbols add to the trail and act as a cash collector. The money bags values will be collected for each Reel King symbol that lands on the reels. Reel symbols progress the Reel along the trail. If multiple Reel or Reel King symbols land in view, each will progress one position on the trail for each symbol that lands on the reels. Reel and Reel King symbols act as wilds. The feature ends when the Reel catches the Reel King, and the Reel King reveals "Bonus Over" on his reel during the Royal Spin. The values on the money bags can be 1x, 2x, 5x, 10x, 25x, 50x, or 100x the active bet. ROYAL SPIN When the Reel King is caught during the Big Money Bonus the player will be taken to the Royal Spin. The Reel King will appear with an initially blank reel that he will automatically spin. When the reel stops spinning it will reveal the result of the Royal Spin. The potential results are: Bonus Over - Bonus ends awarding any accumulated winnings. Back - The Reel is pushed back 2 positions and the Bonus continues. Forward - The Reel King moves forward to the next multiplier on the trail and the Bonus continues. FORTUNE SPINS As an alternative to spinning the normal reels, a different base game can be chosen. This can be played by switching 'on' the Fortune Spins feature via the switch presented on the graphic. All symbols will be removed from the reels except for the money bags, Bonus scatter symbols and the Reel King. The Reel King symbol will act as a wild and a cash collector. If the Reel King wild and a money bags symbol appear on the reels at the samt time, the money bags value will be collected. The money bags symbol values will be collected for each Reel King symbol that lands on the reels. Fortune Spins can be played at any bet. The values on the money bags can be 1x, 2x, 5x, 10x, 25x, 50x, or 100x the active bet. GAMBLE The gamble can be configured to be on, on if the win is greater than or equal to 5x bet, or off. If the gamble is on, any winnings awarded during the game will offer the gamble feature. If the gamble is on and if the win is greater than or equal to 5x bet, any winnings greater than or equal to 5x bet awarded during the game will offer the gamble feature. The gamble entry trigger is based on the base bet before any bet multipliers are applied. When the gamble is entered, two wheels are presented. The left wheel offers the chance to increase the winnings by one third, double the winnings, or triple the winnings. The right wheel offers the chance to gamble for the Big Money Bonus, Super Big Money Bonus or Mega Big Money Bonus. The win value can be adjusted by pressing the '-' and '+' arrows, this in turn will adjust the winning and losing segments of the wheel. Press either wheel during the feature to gamble your winnings and spin the pointer. If the pointer stops on the green segment, the cash value or Free Spins are awarded. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses their winnings and exits to the base game. When the potential winning area of the gamble wheel is at its minimum size the chance of success could be significantly less than the visual representation shown. Winnings can be gambled up to a maximum win amount of x2500 base bet or $250,000.00, whichever is the lower value. Once the maximum win amount is reached, winnings are automatically collected and the gamble will be exited. The maximum that can be achieved via the Free Spins gamble is the Mega Big Money Bonus. Once this is reached, the Big Money Bonus wheel is disabled, while the player is still able to gamble on the Cash wheel. Press the 'COLLECT' button during the feature to collect your winnings. SPIN CHANCE Spin Chance is triggered automatically if the credit is reduced below the current price of play, yet is still greater than zero. Spin Chance offers the player an opportunity to wager their remaining credit in an attempt at winning an additional base game spin at the current bet. To play Spin Chance, select the 'PLAY' button to begin moving the pointer across the meter. Alternatively, select the 'NO THANKS' button to exit Spin Chance with the remaining credit. If the pointer stops on the green segment, a spin at the current bet is awarded and plays automatically. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses any remaining credit and exits to the base game. The red and green segments are proportional to the amount of credit in relation to the current bet. The chance of winning a spin is determined by this ratio. SPACE BAR The SPACE BAR key on the keyboard can often be used as an alternative for pressing the primary on-screen button. SLAM STOP During a regular spin, pressing anywhere on the screen whilst the reels are spinning will cause them to land quicker. This does not impact the outcome of the game. GENERAL INFORMATION GAME RECOVERY In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. BEST INFORMATION The minimum bet available is $0.10 per game. The maximum bet available is $40.00 per game. PAYBACK INFORMATION The player's odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed $250,000.00 excluding jackpots. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every bet configuration. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 4/24/2025