Grizzly 1 Introduction Grizzly is a 5x4, Ways Pays slot featuring multiple Free Spins options. 2 How to Play Spin the reels by pressing the 'SPIN' button to try to achieve 3, 4 and 5 of a kind reel wins. Select the 'CHANGE STAKE' button to increase or decrease the size of the bet. 2.1 Autoplay Press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to see the options. You must select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay. 'Custom Loss Limit' refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. For example, if you have 50 in your balance, and you choose a 20 loss limit, the auto play will stop as soon as your balance goes below 30, even if you have auto play games remaining. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the 'Custom Loss Limit' button. Choose the 'More settings' option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. Select the 'AUTOPLAY' button during autoplays to stop them. 2.2 Turbo Mode Enabling 'Turbo Mode' increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spin animation. This does not impact the outcome of the game. 3 Game Rules A winning combination occurs when 3,4 or 5 symbols match across adjacent reels starting from the leftmost reel, the bear and 9 symbols also award for matching 2 symbols. The number of ways is calculated by multiplying the number of matching symbols on each adjacent reel for that winning combination. The award is calculated by multiplying the pay table award with the number of ways for that winning combination. Only the highest award is paid per winning combination. Awards from all winning combinations are added together. All wnis pay left to right across adjacent reels, except bonus, starting from the leftmost reel the bonus win is added to any coincidental line wins, only the highest of a kind bonus feature is awarded. The wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except Bonus. The wild symbol appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 during the base game and Free Spins. During the free spins games if there is a win on the reels each wild symbol in view will turn into a multiplier whose value is either 2x or 3x, 4x, 5x or 10x depending on the bonus selection outcome. 4 Features 4.1 Bonus Entry Bonus symbols appear on all reels. 3 or more bonus symbols landing anywhere in view during the base game award a cash prize and the free spins bonus starts. If 2 or more bonus symbols land during free spins extra spins are awarded. A cash prize is also awarded for 3 bonus symbols or more during free spins and this is subject to any multipliers 4.2 Bonus Selection You can choose which type of bonus to play. 3 options are shown with a number of spins and the possible multipliers the wild can turn into during the free spins. A forth mystery option is also shown. If this is selected, a number of free spins and a 2x plus a mystery multiplier are activated. The number of free spins awarded depends on the number of scatter symbols the bonus was activated with. 3 scatters give the following options: 15 spins with 2x and 3x multipliers. 12 spins with 2x and 4x multipliers. 9 spins with 2x and 5x multipliers. Or 9 to 18 spins with x2 and 3x, 4x, 5x or 10x for the mystery option. 4 scatters give the following options: 22 spins with 2x and 3x multipliers. 19 spins with 2x and 4x multipliers. 16 spins with 2x and 5x multipliers. Or 16 to 25 spins with x2 and 3x, 4x, 5x or 10x for the mystery option. 5 scatters give the following options: 27 spins with 2x and 3x multipliers. 24 spins with 2x and 4x multipliers. 21 spins with 2x and 5x multipliers. Or 21 to 30 spins with x2 and 3x, 4x, 5x or 10x for the mystery option. In addition, a cash prize is awarded on entry to free spins For 3 scatters this prize is 1.6x stake. For 4 scatters this prize is 8x stake. For 5 scatters this prize is 16 xstake. Extra free spins can be awarded during free spins 2 scatters award 5 extra free spins\ 3 scatters award 8 extra free spins 4 scatters award 15 extra free spins 5 scatters award 20 extra free spins The cash prize awarded on entry is also awardd during free spins for 2 or more scatters. Wild multipliers apply to this prize during free spins games. There is no extra cash prize for 2 scatters. 4.3 Spin Chance Spin Chance is triggered automatically if the credit is reduced below the current price of play, yet is still greater than zero. Spin Chance offers the player an opportunity to wager their remaining credit in an attempt at winning an additional spin at the current bet. To play Spin Chance, select the ‘PLAY’ button to begin moving the pointer across the meter. Alternatively, select the ‘NO THANKS’ button to exit Spin Chance with the remaining credit. If the pointer stops on the green segment, a spin at the current bet is awarded and plays automatically. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses any remaining credit and exits to the base game. The red and green segments are proportional to the amount of credit in relation to the current bet. The chance of winning a spin is determined by this ratio. 5 General Information 5.1 Game Recovery In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. 5.2 Payback Information Your odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. This reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays, over an extended period of time. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed 250,000.00. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every stake configuration. This game has been independently fairness tested. The expected payback for the game is 94.95%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 1/19/2024