Christmas Prize Pooch 1 Introduction Christmas Prize Pooch is a 5x3, 10 win line slot featuring a Pooch themed Free Spin Bonus. 2 How to Play Spin the reels by pressing the 'SPIN' button to try to achieve 2, 3, 4 and 5 of a kind reel wins. Also look out for 3 or more Bone-Us symbols to trigger the Christmas Prize Pooch Free Spin Bonus. Select the 'CHANGE STAKE' button to increase or decrease the size of the bet. Select the preferred gamble setting which can be on, on if the win is greater than or equal to 5x stake, or off. Autoplay Press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to see the options. You must select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay. 'Custom Loss Limit' refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. For example, if you have 50 in your balance, and you choose a 20 loss limit, the auto play will stop as soon as your balance goes below 30, even if you have auto play games remaining. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the 'Custom Loss Limit' button. Choose the 'More settings' option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. Select the 'AUTOPLAY' button during autoplays to stop them. Turbo Mode Enabling 'Turbo Mode' increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spin animation. This does not impact the outcome of the game. 3 Game Rules All games are played with 10 win lines. Wins can occur across any or all of the win lines. Only the highest award is paid per winning combination. Wins on different played lines are added. All wins pay left to right on adjacent reels, except Bone-Us, starting with the leftmost reel. The Bonus win is added to any coincidental line wins, only the highest of a kind Bonus feature is awarded. Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. The wild symbols substitute for all symbols except Bonus. The wild symbol appears on all reels in the bonus game only. The Pooch symbols are mixed pays. 4 Best of Breed trail During the game, each Pooch landing in view adds to the Rosette trail above the reels. The Rosette trail consists of 10 increments. The last three increments are Rosettes that show multiplier values. If enough pooches land to light a rosette, a rosette is awarded to a pooch in view. The value on the pooch is multiplied and paid. During free spins, the Best of Breed Rosette trail is reduced in length. 5 Christmas Prize Pooch Bonus Entry The Bone-Us symbol appears on all reels in the base game only. 3 or more landing anywhere in view start the Christmas Prize Pooch Free Spins bonus. 6 Christmas Prize Pooch Free Spins Bonus During the bonus feature each trainer pays the cash values from all pooch symbols in view and adds to the trainer trail above the reels. The trainer trail consists of 9 increments including 3 enhanced stages. At each stage an extra set of 10 Free Spins are triggered, and the multiplier for all collected pooch values increases. The multiplier increases to x2 at the first stage, x3 at the second stage and x10 at the third. The extra spins and increased multiplier are only awarded after the current set of spins have completed. The values on the Pooches can be 2x, 5x, 10x, 15x, 20x, 25x or 50x the active base game stake. 7 Gamble The gamble can be configured to be on, on if the win is greater than or equal to 5x stake, or off. If the gamble is on, any winnings awarded during the game will offer the gamble feature. If the gamble is on and if the win is greater than or equal to 5x stake, any winnings greater than or equal to 5x stake awarded during the game will offer the gamble feature. When the gamble is entered, two wheels are presented. The left wheel offers the chance to increase the winnings by one third, double the winnings, or triple the winnings. The right wheel offers the chance to win Free Spins. The win value can be adjusted by pressing the '-' and '+' arrows, this in turn will adjust the winning and losing segments of the wheel. Press either wheel during the feature to gamble your winnings and spin the pointer. If the pointer stops on the green segment, the cash value or Free Spins are awarded. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses their winnings and exits to the base game. Press the ‘COLLECT’ button during the feature to collect your winnings. The expected payback for the gamble game is 100%. 8 FORTUNE SPINS As an alternative to spinning the normal reels, a different base game can be chosen. The Fortune Spins game can be played via the Fortune Spins button. All symbols will be removed from the reels with exception of the pooch, bone-us and trainer symbols. The trainer symbol acts as a wild and cash collector. If a trainer and any number of Pooches appear on the reels at the same time, the values presented on the pooch symbols will be collected. The values on the pooch symbols will be collected for each trainer symbol that lands on the reels. Fortune Spins can be played at any stake. The values on the Pooches can be 2x, 5x, 10x, 15x, 20x, 25x or 50x the active stake. 9 Fortune Bet Fortune Bet is an alternative to standard spins. Activating Fortune Bet allows the player to select a new bet multiplier at 1.5X the current stake. Doing so changes the bone-us symbols into super sized Bone-Us. Fortune Bet gives the player more than double the chance of achieving the bonus. Landing one supersize bone-us fully in view or 3 or more Bone-Us partially in view triggers the bonus. Once triggered, each bone-us fully in view awards 10 free spins, each bone-us partially in view awards 5 free spins. A maximum of 50 Free Spins can be initially awarded. In the bonus, Pooches are multiples of the original base game stake, not the enhanced Fortune Bet stake. 10 General Information Game Recovery In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. Payback Information The player’s odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed 250,000.00 excluding jackpots. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every stake configuration. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) for this game is 94.52%. The RTP reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays over an extended period of time, and represents the long-term expected payback of the game which has been calculated by an independent testing company, in accordance with the required regulations. The outcome of any play during the game is pre-determined. Player choices do not affect the outcome of the game unless indicated. The expected payback for the game is 94.50% Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 11/18/2025