Big Santa Fortune Big Santa Fortune AWARDS MATCH 2, 3, 4 OR 5 SYMBOLS ACROSS ADJACENT REELS STARTING WITH THE LEFTMOST REEL TO ACHIEVE A WIN. THE VALUES SHOWN ON FISH SYMBOLS CAN ONLY BE WON DURING THE BONUS GAME WIN LINES All games are played with 10 win lines. Wins can occur across any or all of the win lines. Only the highest award is paid per winning combination. Wins on different played lines are added. All wins pay left to right across adjacent reels, except Bonus, starting from the leftmost reel. The bonus win is added to any coincidental line wins, only the highest of a kind bonus feature is awarded WILD SYMBOL Substitutes for all symbols except bonus symbols. Appears on all reels in the bonus game only. MIXED PAYS The fish symbols are mixed pays. They will award line wins landing in any combination as 5x = 20x Bet 4x = 5x Bet 3x = 1x Bet BIG SANTA FORTUNE BONUS ENTRY Bonus symbols appear on all reels. 3 or more bonus symbols landing anywhere in view starts the Big Santa Fortune bonus During the bonus feature the big catch will only have a single value; this is chosen in the match 3 game With 3 bonus symbols the big catch can be 100x, 50x, 30x, 20x With 4 bonus symbols the big catch can be 100x, 50x, 30x With 5 bonus symbols the big catch can be 100x, 50x The values shown on all fish are multiples of the base game bet BIG SANTA FORTUNE MATCH 3 GAME In the fishing match 3 game you will determine the value used on the bonus Big Fish The game will change to show 6, 9 or 12 identical tiles depending on the number of bonus symbols used to trigger the feature Selecting these symbols one at a time will uncover a big catch value Once you find 3 matching values you start the bonus with the corresponding value on the Big Fish BIG SANTA FORTUNE BONUS During the Big Santa Fortune bonus, you have unlimited Free Spins until the Big Fish is caught When a santa and any fish land in view, the values shown on all fish are paid If more than 1 santa lands, each fish is awarded again for every santa in view When any Big Fish symbol lands in view, it will lock in place until a santa lands When the next santa lands, the Big Fish value is paid along with all other fish in view, and the bonus ends If all 15 positions are locked with the big fish, the value shown on all fish is collected and the bonus ends The values shown on all fish are multiples of the base game bet SPIN CHANCE Spin Chance is triggered automatically if the credit is reduced below the current price of play, yet is still greater than zero. Spin Chance offers the player an opportunity to wager their remaining credit in an attempt at winning an additional base game spin at the current bet. To play Spin Chance, select the 'PLAY' button to begin moving the pointer across the meter. Alternatively, select the 'NO THANKS' button to exit Spin Chance with the remaining credit. If the pointer stops on the green segment, a spin at the current bet is awarded and plays automatically. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses any remaining credit and exits to the base game. The red and green segments are proportional to the amount of credit in relation to the current bet. The chance of winning a spin is determined by this ratio. GENERAL INFORMATION GAME RECOVERY In the event of an unexpected interruption / termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. BET INFORMATION The minimum bet available is $0.20 per game. The maximum bet available is $100.00 per game. PAYBACK INFORMATION The player's odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) for this game is 94.80%. The outcome of any play during the game is pre-determined. Player choices do not affect the outcome of the game unless indicated. Malfunction voids all pays and plays.