King Kong Crash Climber 1 Game Overview This game is played by attempting to climb up a tower of multipliers. Select a tower level and press CLIMB. Each successful climb advances your position to be able to either COLLECT the multiplier, or attempt another climb. A failed climb resets progress and ends the game cycle. Each climb, an independent decision is made on if the climb should be successful or not. Once a collectable tower level is reached, the expected returns are 100% for all subsequent climbs. Only the highest win is paid. 2 How to Play Before starting the game, choose the first level to climb to. On the first pick, you can choose 5 multiplier options of increasing value. Choosing a higher multiplier has a lower chance of success. CLIMB to start a game. If the first climb is successful, continue to climb up to a maximum 1000x multiplier. A failed climb resets progress and ends the game cycle. COLLECT to pay out the current multiplier and end the game cycle. If the maximum multiplier is reached, the value is collected automatically. The collected multiplier is multiplied by the total bet amount to calculate the win. Autoplay Press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to see the options. You must select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay. 'Custom Loss Limit' refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. For example, if you have $50 in your balance, and you choose a $20 loss limit, the auto play will stop as soon as your balance goes below $30, even if you have auto play games remaining. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the 'Custom Loss Limit' button. Choose the 'More settings' option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. Select the 'AUTOPLAY' button during autoplays to stop them. 3 Spin Chance Spin chance is triggered automatically if the credit is reduced below the current price of play, yet is still greater than zero. Spin chance offers the player an opportunity to wager their remaining credit in an attempt at winning an additional game at the current bet. To play spin chance, select the ‘play’ button to begin moving the pointer across the meter. Alternatively, select the ‘no thanks’ button to exit spin chance with the remaining credit. If the pointer stops on the green segment. A spin at the current bet is awarded and plays automatically. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses any remaining credit and exits to the base game. The red and green segments are proportional to the amount of credit in relation to the current bet. The chance of winning a game is determined by this ratio. 4 General Information Game Recovery In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. Payback Information Your odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. This reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays, over an extended period of time. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed $100,000.00. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every stake configuration. The expected payback for the game is 94.50%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 2/17/2026