Bigger Piggy Bank 1 Introduction Bigger Piggy Bank is a 5x3 reel 10 winline game 2 How to Play Spin the reels by pressing the 'SPIN' button to try to achieve 3, 4 or 5 of a kind reel wins. Select the 'CHANGE STAKE' button to increase or decrease the size of the bet. 2.1 Autoplay Press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to see the options. You must select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay. 'Custom Loss Limit' refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. For example, if you have 50 in your balance, and you choose a 20 loss limit, the auto play will stop as soon as your balance goes below 30, even if you have auto play games remaining. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the 'Custom Loss Limit' button. Choose the 'More settings' option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. Select the 'AUTOPLAY' button during autoplay to stop them. 2.2 Turbo Mode Enabling 'Turbo Mode' increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spin animation. This does not impact the outcome of the game. 3 Game Rules Match 2,3, 4, or 5 symbols across a valid win line to achieve a win. All games are played with 10 win lines. Wins can occur across any or all the win lines. Only the highest award is paid per winning combination. All wins pay left to right on adjacent reels starting with the leftmost reel. Wins on different played lines are added. Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. 4 Wilds Wilds substitute for all symbols except collect, bonus collect and the pig symbols. 5 Collector symbol The Collect Symbol is available on reel 5 during base game and Free Spins Bonus Landing a Collect symbol collects all pig symbols in view. 6 Bonus Entry Symbol The Bonus Symbol is available on reel 5 in the base game only. Landing 4 or more pigs (or their big equivalent) and a bonus collector symbol awards the free spins bonus. All cash symbols are collected and 8 Free Spins are awarded. 7 Pig Symbols The Cash symbol is available on reels 1, 2, 3 and 4 in both the base game and Free Spins Bonus. Cash symbols have a value presented on them that will be a multiple of the current stake. These values are only awarded by landing the Collect or Bonus Entry symbols. Available cash Values: x1, x2, 5x Big Cash Pigs may spin over the main reels in the base game or the bonus. If a Big Cash Symbol lands in view with a collector symbol, its value is awarded. If a Big Cash Symbol lands in view with a Bonus Entry Symbol, its value is awarded, and the Free Spins bonus is awarded. Available cash Values: x10, x20, x30, x50, x75, x100 8 Piggy Wheel – Base Game Every pig symbol that lands in view adds to the Piggy Bank. For each pig symbol that adds to the Piggy Bank, there is a chance that the Piggy Bank will increase or award the Piggy Wheel Bonus. The Piggy Wheel Bonus can award Free Spins, Golden Free Spins (where every pig is a Big Cash Pig) or a Mini, Minor, Major or Grand Prize Pot. Big Cash Pigs also add to the Piggy Bank If Free Spins are awarded from the wheel, the bonus starts without a base game spin. A collector is added to the fifth reel and the pig values collected. 9 Free Spins Bonus Landing 4 or more Cash symbols and the Bonus Entry symbol in the base game awards the Free Spins Bonus and 8 Free Spins. Extra Spins symbols appear on reels 1, 2, 3 and 4 during the Free Spins bonus. Landing an {Extra Spin symbol} anywhere in view awards an additional free spin. Prize Pot Tokens appear on reels 1, 2, 3 and 4 during the Free Spins Bonus. Collecting 3 Mini tokens awards the Mini Prize Pot. The Mini Prize Pot award is 10x base bet. Collecting 4 Minor tokens awards the Minor Prize Pot. The Minor Prize Pot award is 25x base bet. Collecting 5 Major tokens awards the Major Prize Pot. The Major Prize Pot award is 50x base bet. Collecting 6 Grand tokens awards the Grand Prize Pot. The Grand Prize Pot award is 1000x base bet. After a Prize Pot is awarded, its matrix will empty. Prize Pots can be awarded multiple times per Bonus. 10 Gamble The gamble can be configured to be on, on if the win is greater than or equal to 5x stake, or off. If the gamble is on, any winnings awarded during the game will offer the gamble feature. If the gamble is on with win greater than or equal to 5x stake, any winnings greater than or equal to 5x stake awarded during the game will offer the gamble feature. The gamble entry trigger is bases on the base stake before any stake multipliers are applied. When the gamble is entered, two wheels are presented. The left wheel offers the chance to increase the winnings by one half, double the winnings or triple the winnings. The right wheel offers the chance to win a bonus entry. The win value can be adjusted by pressing the “-” and “+” arrows, this in turn will adjust the winnings and losing segments of the wheel. Press either wheel, if active, during the feature to gamble your winnings and spin the pointer. 11 Fortune Spins The Fortune Spins game can be played via the Fortune Spins button. The spin button is used to play Fortune Spins. During fortune spins the standard reels are replaced with Fortune Spins reels containing only Cash, Blank, Collector and Bonus Entry symbols. Landing 4 or more Cash symbols and a Bonus Entry symbol awards the Free Spins Bonus. Landing a Collector symbols in Fortune Spins collects all cash in view. Available cash Values: x1, x2, 5x 12 Spin Chance Spin Chance is triggered automatically if the credit is reduced below the current price of play, yet is still greater than zero. Spin Chance offers the player an opportunity to wager their remaining credit in an attempt at winning an additional spin at the current bet. To play Spin Chance, select the ‘PLAY’ button to begin moving the pointer across the meter. Alternatively, select the ‘NO THANKS’ button to exit Spin Chance with the remaining credit. If the pointer stops on the green segment, a spin at the current bet is awarded and plays automatically. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses any remaining credit and exits to the base game.The red and green segments are proportional to the amount of credit in relation to the current bet. The chance of winning a spin is determined by this ratio. 13 General Information 13.1 Game Recovery In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. 13.2 Payback Information Your odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. This reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays, over an extended period of time. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed 250,000.00 excluding jackpots. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every stake configuration. This game has been independently fairness tested. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. RTP : 94.50% Last modification date: 9/26/2025