Cops N Robbers Big Money Christmas Introduction Cops n Robbers Big Money Christmas is a 10 line slot game with an additional Fortune Spins option. The Big Money bonus and dual wheel gamble feature offer more chances to win. How to Play Spin the reels by pressing the 'SPIN' button to try to achieve 2, 3, 4, and 5 of a kind reel wins. Select the 'CHANGE STAKE' button to increase or decrease the size of the bet. Autoplay Press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to see the options. You must select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay. Custom Loss Limit' refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. For example, if you have 50 in your balance, and you choose a 20 loss limit, the auto play will stop as soon as your balance goes below 30, even if you have auto play games remaining. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the 'Custom Loss Limit' button. Choose the 'More settings' option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. Select the 'AUTOPLAY' button during autoplays to stop them. Turbo Mode Enabling 'Turbo Mode' increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spin animation. This does not impact the outcome of the game. Game Rules All games are played with 10 win lines. Only the highest award is paid per winning combination. Wins on different winning combinations are added. The ‘Present’ Symbols act as mixed pays awarding line wins in any combination across an active win line. All wins pay left to right across adjacent reels, starting with the leftmost reel regardless of size. The award is multiplied by the number of symbols that occur per reel in the winning combination. Payouts are multiplied by the base stake. Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. The wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except scatter symbols. Features Dual Wheel Gamble The gamble can be configured to be on, if the win is greater than or equal to 5x stake, or off. If the gamble is on, any winnings awarded during the game will offer the gamble feature. If the gamble is on and if the win is greater than or equal to 5x stake, any winnings greater than or equal to 5x stake awarded during the game will offer the gamble feature. The gamble is only offered if the bonus has not been triggered. When the gamble is entered, two wheels are presented. The left wheel offers the chance to increase the winnings by one third, double the winnings, or triple the winnings. The win value can be adjusted by pressing the ‘-’ and ‘+’ arrows, this in turn will adjust the winning and losing segments of the wheel. The right wheel offers the chance to win Big Money, Super Big Money or Mega Big Money feature. The gamble wheel can be adjusted by pressing the ‘-’ and ‘+’ arrows, this in turn will adjust the winning and losing segments of the wheel. Press either wheel during the feature to gamble your winnings and spin the pointer. If the pointer stops on the green segment, the cash value or bonus are awarded and made available to collect. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses their winnings and exits the gamble. Press the ‘Collect’ button during the gamble to collect your winnings. Fortune Spins Offers an alternative game which can be selected via the Fortune Spins Button presented on the main screen. Fortune Spins offer the player the chance to spin the reels with only Robber, Present and Bonus symbols. The Robber changes from being ‘locked’ to ‘unlocked’ with a gold frame. If the Robber and Presents land on the reels at the same time he ’Grabs’ and draws in all Presents in view. The Presents all contain cash values which are added to the players winnings. The player can also land 3 or more bonus symbols to trigger the Big Money Bonus. Multiple Robbers can land in view at the same time, all Presents are collected by each Robber. The player can return to the standard game by pressing the ‘Standard Spins’ button. Big Money Bonus The Big Money Bonus is triggered by landing 3 or more bonus symbols. The Bonus consists of 5x3 reels and a progressive trail above the reels. The reels will continue to spin in the bonus until the Robber is caught and identified in the ID Parade. The standard 10 win lines are still present but now the Cop also acts as a Wild allowing for extra winning combinations. During the bonus the Robber symbol is unlocked and can collect any ‘Present’ Symbols which land in view at the same time as any Robber symbols. At the start of the bonus the Cop and Robber will run onto the trail above the reels, with the Robber always starting 2 positions ahead. If the bonus was started with 4 or 5 bonus symbols the characters will run further along the trail to start the bonus with a higher multiplier. 4 bonus symbols will start the bonus at x2, 5 bonus symbols will start the bonus at x3. During the spins, if a Robber symbol lands on the reels the Robber on the trail will progress forward 1 tile for each symbol that landed, this is the same behaviour for when Cop symbols also land on the reels. Certain positions on the trail contain a progressively increasing multiplier. If the Robber reaches these positions the current Present multiplier is increased for subsequent spins. The multiplier is applied to all collected Present symbols. The current multiplier is highlighted on the multiplier ladder and is also shown in the corner of all Robber symbols on the reels once x2 or higher. Multiple Robbers can land in view at the same time, all Presents are collected by each Robber. If the Robber and Present symbols land on the reels at the same time the Robber ‘Grabs’ all Presents in view. The Presents all contain a cash value which is are added to the players winnings. The value will be multiplied by the current multiplier. Multiple Robbers can land in view at the same time, all Presents are collected by each Robber. The reels continue to spin until the Cop catches the Robber. Following a cartoon fight sequence, the game will then show the ID Parade which has the following outcomes: Vic - Cop is pushed back 2 tiles on the trail. Bert - Nicked – Bonus Over Sid - Robber moves to the next Multiplier on the trail. The bonus continues if Bert is not identified during the ID Parade. Bonus Buy In jurisdictions that allow it, a Button on the main screen will be available which contains the text “Bonus Buy”. On selecting this a Pop-Up will display showing the player the cost of the Bonus Buy and the choice to continue to Buy the Bonus or alternatively return to the main game. Confirming the Bonus Buy, by pressing the tick button, will make the Pop-Up disappear and the reels will spin in three or more Bonus symbols on the main reels. The player will then be taken to the Big Money Bonus. The cost of the Bonus Buy is 100x base stake, and all awards during the bonus are relative to that base stake. Spin Chance Spin Chance is triggered automatically if the credit is reduced below the current price of play, yet is still greater than zero. Spin Chance offers the player an opportunity to wager their remaining credit in an attempt at winning an additional spin at the current bet. To play Spin Chance, select the ‘PLAY’ button to begin moving the pointer across the meter. Alternatively, select the ‘NO THANKS’ button to exit Spin Chance with the remaining credit. If the pointer stops on the green segment, a spin at the current bet is awarded and plays automatically. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses any remaining credit and exits to the base game. The red and green segments are proportional to the amount of credit in relation to the current bet. The chance of winning a spin is determined by this ratio. General Information Game Recovery In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. Payback Information Your odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. This reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays, over an extended period of time. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed 250,000.00. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every stake configuration. This game has been independently fairness tested. The expected payback for the game is 94.99%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 7/16/2024