Centurion Bigger Big Money 1 Introduction Centurion Big Bigger Money is a 5x3, 10 win line move on game to Centurion Big Money including the same Reel Modifiers and core game mechanics of the original game, but with a few new features. Additionally, the game has our full array of game modes to choose from; Fortune Spins, Fortune Bet, Dual Wheel Gamble and Bonus Buy. 2 How to Play Spin the reels by pressing the 'SPIN' button to try to achieve 2, 3, 4 or 5 of a kind reel wins. Select the 'CHANGE STAKE' button to increase or decrease the size of the bet. 2.1 Autoplay Press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to see the options. You must select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay. 'Custom Loss Limit' refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. For example, if you have 50 in your balance, and you choose a 20 loss limit, the auto play will stop as soon as your balance goes below 30, even if you have auto play games remaining. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the 'Custom Loss Limit' button. Choose the 'More settings' option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. Select the 'AUTOPLAY' button during autoplay to stop them. 2.2 Turbo Mode Enabling 'Turbo Mode' increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spin animation. This does not impact the outcome of the game. 3 Game Rules All games are played with 10 win lines. Wins can occur across any or all of the win lines. Only the highest award is paid per winning combination. All wins pay left to right on adjacent reels starting with the leftmost reel. Wins on different played lines are added. Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. The wild symbols substitutes for all symbols except the Bonus symbol. The wild symbol appears on all reels in the Base Game, Fortune Bet, Fortune Spins and the Big Money Bonus. 4 Modifiers 4.1 Base Game Randomly, during the standard base game, Fortune Bet or the Fortune Spins, one of the following reel modifiers may be awarded to the player. 4.1.1 Super Bonus Reels Additional Bonus symbols are added to the reels for the spin increasing the chance of being awarded the bonus. The additional Bonus symbols are highlighted while the rest of the reel is masked until the spin concludes. 4.1.2 5-of-a-Kind You are presented with three shields to pick from. Behind each shield is a randomly selected number of “5-of-a-Kind” amounts. When a shield is selected, that shield reveals the amount of “5-of-a-Kinds” that you are then awarded with a random symbol. 4.1.3 Big Win A win of 20x stake or more is awarded. 4.2 Additional Modifiers 4.2.1 Centurion’s Bounty After a losing spin during the Fortune Spins or the Big Money Bonus, this reel modifier may be awarded to the player. When triggered, the Centurion below the reels can appear and replace some of the symbols on the reels with Coins and/or Centurion Wilds triggering a cash collection award. 4.2.2 Quick March When the Bush character catches up to the Centurion character on the trail during the Big Money Bonus, the Centurion below reels can appear and award this modifier. When triggered, a troop of additional Centurions will appear on the trail to move the Centurion character along the trail to the next multiplier space. 5 Free Spins Bonus 5.1 Bonus Scatter symbol Landing 3 or more Bonus Scatter symbols in any position in view during the Base Game awards the Big Money Bonus. The Bonus Scatter symbol appears on all reels during the Base Game and Fortune Spins only. 5.2 Bonus Upgrades Before entering the Big Money Bonus, you are presented with a screen displayed 8 shields that must be selected to revealed up to 6 different bonus upgrades. Once selected a shield will flip and reveal on of the bonus upgrades or start the bonus. If an upgrade is revealed, this is added to the upgrade panel and the player can continue to pick unselected shields until all 6 upgrades have been revealed, or until start bonus is revealed. The possible upgrades are: 5.2.1 Bush Freeze The Bush character will not move along the trail for the first 2 spins that Bush symbols land on the reels. 5.2.2 Golden Centurion Special Centurion wild symbols are added to the reels. After landing, these symbols step down one position on subsequent spins until no longer in view. 5.2.3 Extra Coins More Coin symbols are added to the reels. 5.2.4 Extra Centurions More Centurion wild symbols are added to the reels. 5.2.5 Increased Coins The coloured coin values are increased from 25x, 50x and 100x to 50x, 100x and 200x the current bet. 5.2.6 Multiplier Upgrade All multipliers along the trail are increased up – up to 20x can now be achieved. 5.3 Big Money Bonus Upon entering the Big Money Bonus, all the awarded upgrades are activated and presented to you, as well as a starting multiplier based on how many Bonus Scatter symbols landed during the triggering game. 3 symbols award the Big Money Bonus with a 1x starting multiplier. 4 symbols award the Super Big Money Bonus with a 2x starting multiplier. 5 symbols award the Mega Big Money Bonus with a 3x starting multiplier. At the end of each Big Money Bonus spin, and after any potential activations of the Centurion’s Bounty modifier, all Centurion Wild symbols in view on the reels will collect the cash values off all Coin symbols in view on the reels. The active multiplier is applied to the total amount on each Centurion Wild symbol after the values have been collected from the coins. 5.4 Big Money Bonus trail During the Big Money Bonus the Centurion character is chased by the Bush along the trail at the top of the game and you have unlimited spins until the Bush character catches the Centurion character. The Centurion character moves along 1 space on the trail for every Centurion Wild symbol that lands in view on the reels each spin, and the Bush moves along 1 space for every Bush Wild symbol that lands in view on the reels each spin. As the Centurion moves along the trail, he will land on multiplier amounts that increase the multiplier meter next to the reels up to a maximum of 10x or 20x if the Multipliers Upgrade is active 5.5 Big Money Bonus Bush Pick When the Bush character catches the Centurion character, you are presented with a modal where you must select one of three bushes to proceed. Each bush will have an outcome randomly selected from the following: Bonus Over - Bonus ends awarding any accumulated winnings. Bush Back – The Bush is pushed back 2 spaces, and the Bonus continues. March On – The Centurion marches ahead to the next multiplier in the trail and the Bonus continues. 6 Additional Game Modes 6.1 Fortune Spins As an alternative to spinning the normal reels, a different base game can be chosen. This can be played by switching ‘on’ the Fortune Spins feature via the switch presented on the graphic. All symbols will be removed from the reels except for the Coins and Bonus symbols. Additionally, the reels will feature the Centurion wild symbol from the Bonus that will collect cash values off the coins the same as in the Bonus. 6.2 Fortune Bet As an alternative to standard base game spins, you can choose to activate the Fortune Bet mode, which selects a new bet multiplier of 1.5x of the current stake. When active, a bonus respin is awarded whenever 2 bonus symbols land anywhere in view on the reels. During the respin, any reels containing the bonus symbols will lock in place, with any remaining reels spinning again.Any line awards which occur during the initial or subsequent spins are accumulated. The awards, gamble entry and big win thresholds remain the same as the base stake. 6.3 Bonus Buy Bonus Buy allows you to purchase direct entry into the Big Money bonus. Purchasing the feature immediately starts a spin of the reels that guarantees at least 3 scatter symbols to land in view. 4 different options of Bonus Buy are available: 6.3.1 Big Money Purchased for 90x the current base stake, guarantees 3 scatter symbols to land in view. 6.3.2 Super Big Money Purchased for 170x the current base stake, guarantees 4 scatter symbols to land in view. 6.3.3 Mega Big Money Purchased for 400x the current base stake, guarantees 5 scatter symbols to land in view. 6.3.4 Mystery Purchased for 130x the current base stake, guarantees 3-5 scatter symbols to land in view. Feature awards are determined by the current base stake. 6.4 Gamble The gamble can be configured to be on, on if the win is greater than or equal to 5x stake, or off. If the gamble is on, any winnings awarded during the game will offer the gamble feature. If the gamble is on if the win is greater than or equal to 5x stake, any winnings greater than or equal to 5x stake awarded during the game will offer the gamble feature. The gamble entry trigger is based on the base stake before any stake multipliers are applied. When the gamble is entered, two wheels are presented. The left wheel offers the chance to increase the winnings by half, double the winnings, or triple the winnings. The win value can be adjusted by pressing the ‘-’ and ‘+’ arrows, this in turn will adjust the winning and losing segments of the wheel. The right wheel offers the chance to win the Big Win, Super Big Win, or Mega Big Win Bonus. The level of the Big Win Bonus awarded can be adjusted by pressing the ‘-’ and ‘+’ arrows, this in turn will adjust the winning and losing segments of the wheel. Press either ‘Gamble’ button during the feature to gamble your winnings and spin the pointer. If the pointer stops on the green segment, the cash value or Big Win Bonus are awarded. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses their winnings and exits to the base game. Press the ‘Collect’ button during the feature to collect your winnings. 6.5 Spin Chance Spin Chance is triggered automatically if the credit is reduced below the current price of play, yet is still greater than zero. Spin Chance offers the player an opportunity to wager their remaining credit in an attempt at winning an additional spin at the current bet. To play Spin Chance, select the ‘PLAY’ button to begin moving the pointer across the meter. Alternatively, select the ‘NO THANKS’ button to exit Spin Chance with the remaining credit. If the pointer stops on the green segment, a spin at the current bet is awarded and plays automatically. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses any remaining credit and exits to the base game. The red and green segments are proportional to the amount of credit in relation to the current bet. The chance of winning a spin is determined by this ratio. 7 General Information 7.1 Game Recovery In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. Your odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. This reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays, over an extended period of time. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed 250,000.00. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every stake configuration. This game has been independently fairness tested. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 9/23/2025