Wolf it Up AWARDS MATCH 2, 3, 4 OR 5 SYMBOLS ACROSS ADJACENT REELS ON A VALID WIN LINE, STARTING WITH THE LEFTMOST REEL, TO ACHIEVE A WIN. WINNING LINES All games are played with 10 win lines. Wins can occur across any or all of the win lines. Only the highest award is paid per winning combination. All wins pay left to right across adjacent reels, starting with the leftmost reel. Wins on different played lines are added. WILD SYMBOL Wilds appear on reels 2, 3 and 4 in the base game and in the Cash Bank Free Spins Bonus. COLLECTOR SYMBOL The Collector Symbol is available on reel 5 during base game and Cash Bank Free Spins. Landing a Collector symbol collects all in view. BONUS COLLECT SYMBOL The Bonus symbol is available on reel 5 in the base game only. Landing 4 or more and a awards the Cash Bank Free Spins Bonus. All cash symbols are collected and 8 Free Spins are awarded. CASH SYMBOL The Cash symbol is available on reels 1, 2, 3 and 4 in both the base game and Cash Bank Bonus. Cash symbols have a value presented on them that will be a multiple of the current bet. These values are only awarded by landing the Collect or Bonus Collect symbols. Available cash Values: x1, x2, x5, x10, x20, x30, x50, x100. Each symbol that lands in view adds to the Apple Pile. WOLF WHEEL BONUS BASE GAME Every symbol that lands in view adds to the Apple Pile. For each that adds to the Apple Pile, there is a chance that the Apple Pile will increase or award the Wolf Wheel Bonus. The Wolf Wheel Bonus can award Free Spins or a Mini, Minor, Major, or Grand Prize Pot. If Free Spins are awarded, 4 or more symbols and a are forced in. WOLF WHEEL BONUS FREE SPINS Every symbol that lands in view adds to the Apple Pile. For each that adds to the Apple Pile, there is a chance that the pile will increase or award the Wolf Wheel Bonus. The Free Spins Wolf Wheel Bonus can award Extra Free Spins or a Major or Grand Prize Pot. CASH BANK FREE SPINS BONUS Landing 4 or more Cash symbols and the Bonus Collect symbols in the base game awards the Cash Bank Free Spins bonus and 8 Free Spins. Prize Pot Tokens appear on reels 1, 2, 3 and 4 during the Cash Bank Free Spins bonus. Prize Pot tokens will appear as Collecting 3 Mini tokens awards the Mini Prize Pot. The Mini Prize Pot award is 10x base bet. Collecting 4 Minor tokens awards the Minor Prize Pot. The Minor Prize Pot award is 25x base bet. Collecting 5 Major tokens awards the Major Prize Pot. The Major Prize Pot award is 50x base bet. Collecting 6 Grand tokens awards the Grand Prize Pot. The Grand Prize Pot award is 1000x base bet. After a Prize Pot is awarded, the meter will empty. Prize Pots can be awarded multiple times per Bonus. FORTUNE SPINS The Fortune Spins mode can be activated by pressing the fortune spins button. The spin button is used to play Fortune Spins. During fortune spins the standard reels are replaced with fortune spins reels containing only Cash, Blank, Collector and Bonus Collector symbols. Landing 4 or more Cash symbols and a Bonus Collector awards the Cash Bank Bonus. Landing a Collector symbol in Fortune Spins collects all cash in view. Available cash Values: x1, x2, x5, x10, x20, x30, x50, x100. GAMBLE The gamble can be configured to be on, on if the win is greater than or equal to 5x bet, or off. If the gamble is on, any winnings awarded during the game will offer the gamble feature. If the gamble is on and if the win is greater than or equal to 5x bet, any winnings greater than or equal to 5x bet awarded during the game will offer the gamble feature. The gamble entry trigger is based on the base bet before any bet multipliers are applied. When the gamble is entered, two wheels are presented. The left wheel offers the chance to increase the winnings by one third, double the winnings, or triple the winnings. The right wheel offers the chance to win Cash Bank Free Spins. The win value can be adjusted by pressing the '-' and '+' arrows, this in turn will adjust the winning and losing segments of the wheel. Press either wheel during the feature to gamble your winnings and spin the pointer. If the pointer stops on the green segment, the cash value or Bonus is awarded.If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses their winnings and exits to the base game. When the potential winning area of the gamble wheel is at its minimum size the chance of success could be significantly less than the visual representation shown. Once the maximum win amount is reached, winnings are automatically collected and the gamble will be exited. A maximum of 30 Cash Bank Free Spins can be achieved in the gamble for Cash Bank Free Spins wheel. Once this is reached, the Cash Bank Free Spins wheel is disabled, while the player is still able to gamble on the Cash wheel. Press the 'COLLECT' button during the feature to collect your winnings. The expected payback for the gamble game is 100% SPIN CHANCE Spin Chance is triggered automatically if the credit is reduced below the current price of play, yet is still greater than zero. Spin Chance offers the player an opportunity to wager their remaining credit in an attempt at winning an additional base game spin at the current bet. To play Spin Chance, select the 'PLAY' button to begin moving the pointer across the meter. Alternatively, select the 'NO THANKS' button to exit Spin Chance with the remaining credit. If the pointer stops on the green segment, a spin at the current bet is awarded and plays automatically. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses any remaining credit and exits to the base game. The red and green segments are proportional to the amount of credit in relation to the current bet. The chance of winning a spin is determined by this ratio. GENERAL INFORMATION GAME RECOVERY In the event of an unexpected interruption / termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. BET INFORMATION The minimum bet available is $0.10 per game. The maximum bet available is $100.00 per game. PAYBACK INFORMATION The player's odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) for this game is 94.50%. The outcome of any play during the game is pre-determined. Player choices do not affect the outcome of the game unless indicated. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 12/31/2024