Piggy Bandits AWARDS A winning combination occurs when 3, 4 or 5 symbols match across adjacent reels from the left. Gold Bars symbol also awards for 2 matching symbols. The number of ways is calculated by multiplying the number of matching symbols on each adjacent reel for that winning combination. The award is calculated by multiplying the pay table award with the number of ways for that winning combination. There are 1024 ways to win Only the highest award is paid per winning combination. Awards from all winning combinations are added together. All wins pay left to right across adjacent reels, except FREE GAMES and piggies, starting from the leftmost reel. Any bonus wins are added to any coincidental line wins. Only the highest of a kind FREE GAMES feature is awarded. WILD SYMBOLS Substitutes for all symbols except piggies, coins and FREE GAMES symbols. Appears on reels 2 to 5 in the base game, Jackpot Respins and FREE GAMES. COIN SYMBOLS Coin Symbols have values on them. Monetary values are proportionate to the base game bet. Please consult in-game help pages for the range of coin values. Additionally on reel 5 the coins may have a number of FREE GAMES on them ranging from 4 to 12 FREE GAMES. During Respins the values on the coins on reel 5 are pot names whose values correspond to the amounts shown on the screen. Please consult in-game help pages for the range of pot values. The pot values are proportionate to the base game bet. PIGGY FEATURES When any combination of piggy symbols appear on reel 1, there is a chance of the feature upgrade being awarded if valid coins are present. The upgrade is guaranteed in Respins and FREE GAMES. Coins are valid if there is at least one coin on reel 2. Then all coins from reel 2 and further reels that contain at least one coin are valid until a reel doesn't contain a coin. No coins are valid for that reel and subsequent ones. If the feature upgrade is not awarded, the sum of the valid cash value coins is awarded. If there is a valid FREE GAMES coin on reel 5, the total number of FREE GAMES shown is awarded and the FREE GAMES bonus begins. If the feature upgrade is awarded, the features associated with all piggies on reel 1 are awarded. BOOST PIGGY If the feature upgrade is awarded it awards a boost of all valid cash and FREE GAMES coins. Please consult in-game help pages for the range of boost values. The cash boosts are proportionate to the base bet played. FREE GAMES coin values on reel 5 are boosted by 1. Pot values on reel 5 are not boosted. MULTIPLIER PIGGY If the feature upgrade is awarded it applies a multiplier to all valid coins (after they have been boosted, if the boost piggy is also on reel 1). For cash values on reels 2 to 5 this multiplier ranges from 2 to 10. For FREE GAMES coin values on reel 5 this multiplier ranges from 2 to 10. Pot values on reel 5 do not have a multiplier added. JACKPOT RESPINS PIGGY If the feature upgrade is awarded it triggers a respin sequence. If either of the other piggies are also present on reel 1, their upgraded value is awarded. Then reel 1 is locked and reels 2 to 5 respin. If there are now valid coins on reels 2 to 5 (at least one on reel 2 and then other reels consecutively until no coins are present on a reel) then any upgrades from other piggies on reel 1 are awarded and then the total valid coins are awarded. This respin process continues until there is no coin on reel 2, at which point the Jackpot Respin feature ends. Coins on reel 5 contain pot names during the respin sequence. Their values are not subject to boost or multipliers. During respin features other piggies present on reel 1 are guaranteed to award their upgrade. It is not possible to trigger additional features not present at the start of the Jackpot Respin feature. Jackpot Respin reels are used during this feature. FREE GAMES FEATURE The FREE GAMES feature is triggered when there are 3 or more FREE GAMES symbols on consecutive reels starting from reel 1. For 3 FREE GAMES symbols, 8 FREE GAMES are awarded. For 4 FREE GAMES symbols, 12 FREE GAMES are awarded. For 5 FREE GAMES symbols, 20 FREE GAMES are awarded. Or if there are valid FREE GAMES coins on reel 5. Any piggies that land on reel 1 during FREE GAMES are guaranteed to award their upgrade bonus. If the Jackpot Respins feature is awarded during FREE GAMES, the Jackpot Respins bonus is played and then the game returns to any remaining FREE GAMES. Further FREE GAMES can be awarded during FREE GAMES by achieving another 3 or more FREE GAMES symbols on consecutive reels starting on reel 1 or by achieving FREE GAMES coins on reel 5 that are valid (so there must be a piggy on reel 1 and coins also on reels 2, 3 and 4). FREE GAMES reels are used during this feature. FORTUNE BET Fortune Bet is an alternative to standard spins. Activating Fortune Bet allows the player to select a new bet multiplier of 1.5x the current bet. Doing so increases the frequency of piggies landing on reel 1 and guarantees the feature upgrade of those piggies if there are valid coins from reel 2 onwards. The awards and big win thresholds remain the same as the base bet. The average payback over multiple game cycles in the Fortune Bet mode is 94.50%. BONUS BUY Bonus Buy allows the player to purchase direct entry to the FREE GAMES bonus. >Purchasing the feature immediately starts a game that guarantees at least 3 FREE GAMES symbols on reels 1, 2 and 3 and the possibility of further FREE GAMES symbols on reels 4 and 5. >Bonus Buy is purchased for 63X the current bet. All awards are determined by the current bet. >The average payback over multiple game cycles in FREE GAMES mode is 94.50%. GENERAL INFORMATION GAME RECOVERY In the event of an unexpected interruption / termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. All unresolved bets that remain undecided in an incomplete game after 0 days will automatically complete using the optimal strategy. All unresolved bets that remain undecided in an incomplete game after 0 days will become void. BET INFORMATION The minimum bet available is $0.22 per game. The maximum bet available is $5,544.00 per game. PAYBACK INFORMATION The player's odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed $250,000.00 excluding jackpots. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every bet configuration. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) for this game is 94.50%. The RTP reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays over an extended period of time, and represents the long-term expected payback of the game which has been calculated by an independent testing company, in accordance with the required regulations. The outcome of any play during the game is pre-determined. Player choices do not affect the outcome of the game unless indicated. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 10/23/2024