Golden Winner Grand Chance 1 Introduction Golden Winner Grand Chance is a 5x3, 10-line slot game with an additional Fortune Spins and Fortune Bet options. The dual wheel gamble feature offers more chances to win or obtain the bonus. 2 How to Play Spin the reels by pressing the 'SPIN' button to try to achieve 2, 3, 4, and 5 of a kind reel wins. Select the 'CHANGE STAKE' button to increase or decrease the size of the bet. Autoplay Press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to see the options. You must select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay. 'Custom Loss Limit' refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. For example, if you have 50 in your balance, and you choose a 20 loss limit, the auto play will stop as soon as your balance goes below 30, even if you have auto play games remaining. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the 'Custom Loss Limit' button. Choose the 'More settings' option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. Select the 'AUTOPLAY' button during autoplays to stop them. Turbo Mode Enabling 'Turbo Mode' increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spin animation. This does not impact the outcome of the game. 3 Game Rules Golden Winner Grand Chance There are 10 win lines. Wins pay for 3,4, and 5 of a kind, except for H1 which also pays for 2 of a kind. There is a Bonus scatter symbol. 3, 4 or 5 scatters in view award a Free Spins bonus. Reel announcements can occur mid-spin or at the end of a spin, presenting a big win, giving the player a bell to collect cherry values, upgrade line-winning symbols or increase the value of cherries being collected. Various size Cherry symbols and pots pay as mixed symbol wins. They also have tagged win amounts, awarded when they are collected by the special Bell Symbol in the Fortune Spins & Free Spins bonus. Mini, Minor, Major and Grand pots (250x) are presented, on the reels. A Grand Chance Cherry is introduced in the bonus. This will give a mystery pot value of Mini, Minor, Major or Grand on a chance. When bonus symbols land that do not trigger the bonus, a copy of the gold bar on the symbol is flipped up to the pile of gold bars. The gold bars have 5 levels that can increase after any bar transfer. Each game which adds to the bars pile has a chance of success, toppling the gold bars on to the screen and making the bell ring. This will take the player to a new screen with a choice of bonuses with different free spins awards and volatility options for the player to choose from. The options include 15 spins starting the trail at position 0, 10 spins starting from the first multiplier (2x), and 7 spins starting from the third multiplier (3x) 4 Features Dual Wheel Gamble The gamble can be configured to be on, if the win is greater than or equal to 5x stake, or off. If the gamble is on, any winnings awarded during the game will offer the gamble feature. If the gamble is on and if the win is greater than or equal to 5x stake, any winnings greater than or equal to 5x stake awarded during the game will offer the gamble feature. The gamble is only offered if the bonus has not been triggered. When the gamble is entered, two wheels are presented. The left wheel offers the chance to increase the winnings by one third, double the winnings, or triple the winnings. The win value can be adjusted by pressing the ‘-’ and ‘+’ arrows, this in turn will adjust the winning and losing segments of the wheel. The right wheel offers the chance to win Bonus, Super Bonus or Mega Bonus feature. The gamble wheel can be adjusted by pressing the ‘-’ and ‘+’ arrows, this in turn will adjust the winning and losing segments of the wheel. Press either wheel during the feature to gamble your winnings and spin the pointer. If the pointer stops on the green segment, the cash value or bonus are awarded and made available to collect. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses their winnings and exits the gamble. Press the ‘Collect’ button during the gamble to collect your winnings. Fortune Spins As an alternative to spinning the normal reels, a different base game can be chosen. This can be done by pressing the Fortune Spins button. When selecting Fortune Spins the player will be presented with a pop-up modal giving the player information regarding the game-type to be played. The player will be presented with a reel set very much like the base game set however only the collect symbol, Bonus and Bell symbol (wild and cash collector) will be present. All other symbols will be replaced by a pip/dash. The cash values on the collect symbols will appear in their active state (as displayed in the bonus feature). In Fortune Spins the Bell will now act as a Cash Collector and will collect the values on the collect symbols in addition to acting as wild. The bell will animate just before collecting the values presented on the Cherries. Win lines achieved via the Cherries can still be achieved like in the base game. Free Spins Bonus The Bonus is triggered by landing 3 or more bonus symbols in any position. A special Collector Bell symbol is introduced in the bonus. The Collector symbol is wild but also acts as a cash collector and adds to a trail above the reels. The Bell symbol collects all the values from the cherry symbols and pots that are in view. If a pot is collected, the value is revealed from the label before the collection. The trail consists of 12 positions with re-trigger stages at positions 4, 8 and 12. Each stage adds 10 extra spins and introduces a win multiplier (for the cash collection wins only). Win multipliers for the cash collection wins are x2, x 3 and x10 at positions 4, 8 and 12 respectively. The retrigger and associated multiplier is only awarded at the end of the current batch of free spins (not when that stage in the trail is reached). The Grand Chance Cherry is available to collect in the bonus. When a Grand Chance has landed alongside a collector, the Grand chance Cherry will pulse and move to the center spot of the reels. The Cherry pulses and the player is invited to touch the cherry. When the player touches it, the cherry explodes in a Gold explosion revealing the prize. All the cherries are then collected and the final count up for that spin will take place if other prizes are also awarded. The Grand can only be awarded via the Grand Chance Cherry. In the bonus, Bell announcements can occur mid-spin or at the end of a spin. While this happens the reel frame will animate Gold in anticipation, and a message will display over the reel frame. This will conclude in presenting a big win, giving the player a bell to collect cherry values, upgrade line-winning symbols or increase the value of cherries being collected. Special Free Spins Bonus When bonus symbols land, but the bonus is not achieved, the bars from the bonus symbols are flipped to the gold bar stack at the top of the screen. At varying points when this occurs, the bar stack grows in size to 5 different levels, creating anticipation of the feature trigger. Whenever the bonus symbols flip to the bar stack, there is a random chance that the gold bar stack will achieve full height and explode. This will reveal the bell behind which will play a special animation announcing the bonus award. The player is then taken to the bonus choice. The bonus choice allows the player to choose from 3 options with different volatilities which are presented on a new bonus choice screen. The options include 15 spins starting the trail at position 0, 10 spins starting from the first multiplier (2x), and 7 spins starting from the third multiplier (3x). When the player makes their choice, the selection should be highlighted and animate, then a transition animation takes the player to the bonus. If the player has selected the 15 spins at the starting position, the bonus starts as it would from the standard bonus. If the player has chosen one of the other options, before the free spins commence, the trail should be filled with bells one by one until reaching the chosen position by the choice. The bar pile resets to the starting, smallest size, when returning to the base game after a feature which is triggered by the bell. Fortune Bet Fortune bet can be enabled for the standard game mode. The main benefit of the Fortune Bet option is that the reels now contain bonus symbols which are 3 high. Landing one supersize bar fully in view or 3 or more bars partially in view triggers the bonus. For each bar fully in view 10 free spins are awarded, for each bar landing partially in view 5 free spins are awarded. A maximum of 50 free spins can be initially awarded. The Fortune Bet costs a 50% increase on the player’s stake. If the player has Fortune Bet ‘On’ and then opens the stake menu only Fortune Bet stakes will be presented. If Fortune Bet is ‘off’ only the standard stakes will be presented in the menu. Bonus symbols and bar pile have the same functionality as in the base game. Bonus Buy In jurisdictions that allow it, a Button on the main screen will be available which contains the text “Bonus Buy”. On selecting this, a Pop-Up will display presenting the player with several Bonus Buy options. Each option displays the number of free spins and the functionality of the bonus to be awarded, along with the associated cost. Selecting a Bonus Buy option from the pop-up, will make the Pop-Up disappear and the reels will spin to reveal the selected bonus outcome. All awards during the bonus are relative to the original base stake. Alternatively, no bonus buy option may be selected and the player can return to the main game. Spin Chance Spin Chance is triggered automatically if the credit is reduced below the current price of play, yet is still greater than zero. Spin Chance offers the player an opportunity to wager their remaining credit in an attempt at winning an additional spin at the current bet. To play Spin Chance, select the ‘PLAY’ button to begin moving the pointer across the meter. Alternatively, select the ‘NO THANKS’ button to exit Spin Chance with the remaining credit. If the pointer stops on the green segment, a spin at the current bet is awarded and plays automatically. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses any remaining credit and exits to the base game. The red and green segments are proportional to the amount of credit in relation to the current bet. The chance of winning a spin is determined by this ratio. 5 General Information Game Recovery In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. Payback Information Your odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. This reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays, over an extended period of time. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed 250,000.00. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every stake configuration. This game has been independently fairness tested. The expected payback for the game is 94.50%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 9/30/2025