Anubis Gold Jackpots 1 Introduction Anubis Gold Jackpots is a 5x3, 10 win line slot featuring Free Spins and a Jackpots feature. 2 How to Play Spin the reels by pressing the 'SPIN' button to try to achieve 3, 4 and 5 of a kind reel wins. Select the 'CHANGE STAKE' button to increase or decrease the size of the bet. 2.1 Autoplay Press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to see the options. You must select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay. 'Custom Loss Limit' refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. For example, if you have 50 in your balance, and you choose a 20 loss limit, the auto play will stop as soon as your balance goes below 30, even if you have auto play games remaining. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the 'Custom Loss Limit' button. Choose the 'More settings' option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. Select the 'AUTOPLAY' button during autoplays to stop them. 2.2 Turbo Mode Enabling 'Turbo Mode' increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spin animation. This does not impact the outcome of the game. 3 Game Rules All games are played with 10 win lines. Wins can occur across any or all of the win lines. Only the highest award is paid per winning combination. Wins on different played lines are added. All wins pay left to right across adjacent reels, except bonus symbols, starting from the leftmost reel. The bonus win is added to any coincidental line wins. Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. The wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except the bonus symbol. The wild symbol appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 during the base game and Free Spins. The wild symbol expands to fill the reel in all positions. 4 Features 4.1 Free Spins Landing 3 bonus symbols in view during the base game awards 12 Free Spins and 2x stake. Landing 4 bonus symbols in view during the base game awards 12 Free Spins and 20x stake. Landing 5 bonus symbols in view during the base game awards 12 Free Spins and 50x stake. The bonus symbol appears on all reels during the base game and Free Spins. Landing 1 wild symbol in view during Free Spins awards 1 additional Free Spin. Landing 2 wild symbols in view during Free Spins awards 3 additional Free Spins. Landing 3 wild symbols in view during Free Spins awards 5 additional Free Spins. A wild symbol landing in view during Free Spins expands to fill the reel. During Free Spins, each expanding wild symbol that lands in view will upgrade symbols on the reels in the following order: S6 → S5 → S4 → S3 → S2 → S1 The symbols upgrade for the subsequent Free Spins, not the current Free Spin. 4.2 Free Spins Retrigger Landing 3 bonus symbols in view during the Free Spins awards 12 Free Spins and 2x stake. Landing 4 bonus symbols in view during the Free Spins awards 12 Free Spins and 20x stake. Landing 5 bonus symbols in view during the Free Spins awards 12 Free Spins and 50x stake. 4.3 Jackpots Feature For each wild symbol landing in view during Free Spins, there is a chance the Jackpots feature is awarded. Only one Jackpots feature can be awarded for each Free Spins feature. If the Jackpots feature is awarded, the player is presented with the match 3 game to determine which Jackpot is awarded. The game will show 12 identical tiles. Selecting a tile will uncover a Jackpot. Once 3 matching Jackpots have been uncovered, the corresponding Jackpot is awarded. The available Jackpots are Mini, Minor, Major and Grand. The Mini Jackpot award is 10x stake. The Minor Jackpot award is 25x stake. The Major and Grand Jackpots are Progressive Jackpots. 4.4 Progressive Jackpots The Major and Grand Jackpots are Progressive Jackpots. The chance of winning the Progressive Jackpots increase as the bet increases. Progressive Jackpots have an initial seed value and increase by a percentage of the bet amount for each game played. Once a Progressive Jackpot has been awarded, it is reseeded to the initial seed value. For the Grand Jackpot and Major Jackpot seed values, please see the in game help pages. For the percentage of the bet amount the Grand Jackpot and Major Jackpot increase by for each game played, please see the in game help pages. All bets are eligible to win the Progressive Jackpots. In the case of a lost connection during a Progressive Jackpot win, the game will autocomplete and the Progressive Jackpot win will be awarded. 4.5 Spin Chance Spin Chance is triggered automatically if the credit is reduced below the current price of play, yet is still greater than zero. Spin Chance offers the player an opportunity to wager their remaining credit in an attempt at winning an additional spin at the current bet. To play Spin Chance, select the ‘PLAY’ button to begin moving the pointer across the meter. Alternatively, select the ‘NO THANKS’ button to exit Spin Chance with the remaining credit. If the pointer stops on the green segment, a spin at the current bet is awarded and plays automatically. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses any remaining credit and exits to the base game. The red and green segments are proportional to the amount of credit in relation to the current bet. The chance of winning a spin is determined by this ratio. 5 General Information 5.1 Game Recovery In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. 5.2 Payback Information Your odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. This reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays, over an extended period of time. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed $500,000.00. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every stake configuration. This game has been independently fairness tested. For the expected payback for the Major and Grand Jackpots, please see the in game help pages. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 10/30/2023