MGM Bonus City WELCOME TO MGM BONUS CITY MGM Bonus City is an exciting Studio based game where a range of hosts spin a giant wheel to award a range of regular payouts or enter one of four bonus games based around iconic Las Vegas casinos. Join other players in placing your bets on eight possible outcomes and watch as the wheel is spun looking over the famous Las Vegas skyline. After No More Bets a special multiplier will be randomly awarded to one of the possible results boosting its possible winning payouts. If the wheel stops on one of the four Vegas properties you are transported to that Casino and its unique bonus round is played out to determine the final multiplier that will be applied to participants stakes. Place your bets and enjoy all of the excitement of Las Vegas and the best of MGM with MGM Bonus City. PLACING BETS Betting is opened at the start of each game. The amount of time remaining to place bets is displayed by an onscreen timer. Bets are placed by clicking / touching the appropriate betting plaques at the bottom of the screen. Each click will increase the size of the bet size on that outcome by the current chip denomination. Different denominations can be selected by using the chip display menu opened by clicking the chip button. After betting time has expired No More Bets will be accepted for this game and a message will appear on screen to indicate betting is closed. MAIN GAME Once betting is closed each game will start by a host spinning the wheel. All players will see the result of the same wheel spin regardless of whether they have placed any bets or not. The wheel can stop on any of the different numbered regular segments; 1, 2, 5, 10, these outcomes pay the fixed odds displayed. The wheel can also stop on one of the 4 exciting bonus games; New York New York, Luxor, MGM Grand or Bellagio. These Bonus games pay variable odds determined by a multiplier awarded to eligible players within the bonus game. Odds awarded from the wheel outcome are applied to any qualifying bets. SPECIAL WHEEL MULTIPLIER For every spin of the wheel one of the 8 possible outcomes is chosen to receive a special multiplier. The multiplier value can be any of the following – x2, x3, x4, x5, x7, x10. Should this outcome land as the result of the wheel spin then this special multiplier is applied to any payout due. In the case of the bonus games the special multiplier will be applied to any multiplier awards in the game. BONUS GAMES – NEW YORK NEW YORK The bonus starts by revealing multiplier awards above 8 buildings in the iconic casino skyline, the taller buildings receive the highest multipliers. The initial multiplier values can include any of the following – x2, x3, x4, x5, x6, x7, x8, x10, x12, x15, x20, x25, x50. If the bonus has been randomly chosen to receive the special wheel multiplier this is then applied to all the building awards. A spectacular light show shall sweep across the buildings before eventually coming to rest on one of the buildings. The corresponding multiplier is awarded to participating player. This can subsequently be doubled if the Statue Of Liberty torch bursts into flames. The maximum final multiplier award from this bonus is 500x. BONUS GAMES – LUXOR The bonus starts by revealing a grid of 21 multiplier awards above the Luxor pyramid. The initial multiplier values can include any of the following – 5x, 6x, 8x, 10x, 15x, 20x, 25x, 50x, 75x, 100x. The grid values are then increased by between 1 and 3 lightning strikes emitted from the pyramid. Each strike increases 3 values, which can create some higher multiplier values – 150x, 200x, 250x. If this bonus has been chosen to receive the special wheel multiplier this is then applied to all awards in the grid. All values are then drawn back into the pyramid, shuffled and reappear hidden behind Eye of Horus icons. Eligible players are then invited to select an icon by touching one. A timer on screen will indicate how long the player has left to make this choice, which can be changed multiple times during the countdown. A random icon will be automatically awarded to any players who do not make a pick in time. With picks locked in the Luxor's laser is beamed from the top of the pyramid removing all the icons, revealing each eligible players award. The maximum final multiplier award from this bonus is 1000x. BONUS GAMES – MGM The bonus starts by revealing a bagatelle playfield based on the MGM Grand building. Eligible players are invited to select from one of four possible drop zones at the bottom. Several colored multiplier balls can be seen at the top, with the following values - (4) Blue Balls = 2x, (4) Green Balls = 5x, (2) Red Balls = 10x, (1) Gold Ball = 25x, (1) Disco Ball = Double. If the bonus has been chosen to receive the special wheel multiplier this is applied to all multiplier ball awards values. This doesn’t include the double ball which is dropped last and doubles the accumulated total for the drop zone it lands in. A timer on screen will indicate how long is left to choose a drop zone, which can be changed multiple times during the countdown. A random choice shall be made for players who do not make a selection in time. After the timer expires the choice is locked in place and the balls are then released. Each ball managing to miss the 2 “void” holes and reach the bottom will add to the total award displayed for its drop zone. The maximum total multiplier award from this bonus is 1000x. BONUS GAMES – BELLAGIO The bonus starts with three slot machines rising out of the Bellagio fountains lagoon. Eligible players are invited to select one of these. Each machine will spin its reels 8 times. Multiplier awards are accumulated by spinning in winning combinations on the middle line of reels. Winning combinations are: These values may be increased by any main multiplier awarded before entering the bonus. If the bonus has been chosen to receive the special wheel multiplier this is applied to all winning combination multiplier awards. Before the reels start spinning each eligible player must select a machine. A timer on screen will indicate how long is left to make this choice, which can be changed multiple times during the countdown. If a choice hasn’t been made before the timer expires a random machine will automatically be chosen for the player. After the timer expires the choice is locked in place and the machines will start spinning. Accumulated multipliers are shown in a totals display for each machine. During the bonus a special Bellagio symbol can land on the last reel of any machine and light an extra letter in the Bellagio name trail. If all letters have been lit by the end of the spins, all machines totals are doubled! The maximum total multiplier award from this bonus is 2000x. BUTTONS Open the game menu, with options to: - Change settings - Access help pages - View bet limits & payouts Clear all chips off of the board. Remove previously added chip. Double the number of chips on all plaques. Open the autoplay menu, with options to: - Set number of plays - Set loss limit Click 'Start Autoplay' to confirm the selections. If autoplay is active, it is replaced with a 'Stop' button with the remaining number of spins. Click to end the autoplay after the current spin. Click to populate the plaques with chips from previous bet. Add a chip to all four surrounding plaques. Click to post a message in the chat from a list of suggestions. GENERAL INFORMATION GAME RECOVERY In the event of an unexpected interruption / termination of a real play game, the game will return any unconfirmed bets. Where bets have been confirmed at no more bets, the game shall continue to play out and any payout due to the player shall still be credited to their account. PAYBACK INFORMATION The player's odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. The outcome of any play during the game is pre-determined. Player choices do not affect the outcome of the game unless stated. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) for each bet type is as follows: Bet RTP 1 96.04% 2 95.92% 5 95.75% 10 95.71% New York New York 94.34% Luxor 95.14% MGM 95.10% Bellagio 94.43% The RTP reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays over an extended period of time. This represents the long-term expected payback of the game which has been calculated in accordance with the required regulations. Last modification date: 10/5/2023