Gold Fishy Free Spins How to Play Spin the reels by pressing the 'SPIN' button to try to achieve 3, 4 or 5 of a kind reel wins. Select the 'CHANGE STAKE' button to increase or decrease the size of the bet. Select the “FORTUNE BET” button to activate the Fortune Bet. Autoplay Press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to see the options. You must select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the 'Custom Loss Limit' button. Choose the 'More settings' option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. Select the 'AUTOPLAY' button during autoplay to stop them. Turbo Mode Enabling 'Turbo Mode' increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spin animation. This does not impact the outcome of the game. Game Rules All games are played with 40 win lines. Wins can occur across any or all of the win lines. Only the highest award is paid per winning combination. All wins pay left to right on adjacent reels starting with the leftmost reel. Wins on different played lines are added. Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. The wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except the Bonus scatter symbol. The wild symbol appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 in both the base game and the Free Spins bonus. Free Spins Bonus symbols are available on reels 1, 3 & 5 in the base game. 3 Bonus symbols anywhere in view triggers the Free Spins bonus. Upon entering the bonus, the player is awarded 8 Free Spins. The Free Spins are all played using only the Wild symbol and the three top paying symbols. Fortune Bet Fortune Bet can be activated by pressing the Fortune Bet button. Activating Fortune Bet increases the current stake by 50%. When Fortune Bet is active, the chance of winning Free Spins is increased. When a Bonus symbol lands on reels 1 and 3, but not on reel 5, while the Fortune Bet is active, reel 5 will respin once to give another opportunity to land the final Bonus symbol needed for entry to the Bonus. All wins are paid before the respin and then all wins are paid again after the respin. The awards remain the same as the base stake awards. Gamble The gamble can be configured to be on, on if the win is greater than or equal to 5x stake, or off. If the gamble is on, any winnings awarded during the game will offer the gamble feature. If the gamble is on and if the win is greater than or equal to 5x stake, any winnings greater than or equal to 5x stake awarded during the game will offer the gamble feature. The Gamble entry trigger is based on the base stake before any stake multipliers are applied. When the gamble is entered, two wheels are presented. The left wheel offers the chance to increase the winnings by one third, double the winnings, or triple the winnings. The right wheel offers the chance to win Free Spins. The win value can be adjusted by pressing the ‘-’ and ‘+’ arrows, this in turn will adjust the winning and losing segments of the wheel. Press either wheel during the feature to gamble your winnings and spin the pointer. If the pointer stops on the green segment, the cash value or Free Spins are awarded. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses their winnings and exits to the base game. When the potential winning area of the gamble wheel is at its maximum size the chance of success could be significantly less than the visual representation shown. A maximum of 30 Free Spins can be achieved in the gamble for Free Spins wheel. Once this is reached, the Free Spins wheel is disabled, while the player is still able to gamble on the Cash wheel. Press the ‘COLLECT’ button during the feature to collect your winnings. Spin Chance Spin Chance is triggered automatically if the credit is reduced below the current price of play, yet is still greater than zero. Spin Chance offers the player an opportunity to wager their remaining credit in an attempt at winning an additional spin at the current bet. To play Spin Chance, select the ‘PLAY’ button to begin moving the pointer across the meter. Alternatively, select the ‘NO THANKS’ button to exit Spin Chance with the remaining credit. If the pointer stops on the green segment, a spin at the current bet is awarded and plays automatically. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses any remaining credit and exits to the base game. The red and green segments are proportional to the amount of credit in relation to the current bet. The chance of winning a spin is determined by this ratio. General Information Game Recovery In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. Payback Information Your odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. This reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays, over an extended period of time. This game has been independently fairness tested. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 5/23/2024