Wolf it Up Again Wolf It Up Again AWARDS Match 2, 3, 4 or 5 symbols across adjacent reels on a valid win line, starting with the leftmost reel, to achieve a win. WINNING LINES All games are played with 10 win lines. Wins can occur across any or all of the win lines. Only the highest award is paid per winning combination. All wins pay left to right across adjacent reels, starting with the leftmost reel. Wins on different played lines are added. WILD SYMBOL Wilds appear on reels 2, 3 and 4 in the base game and in all the Cash Bank Free Spins Bonuses. COLLECT SYMBOL The Collect symbol is available on reel 5 during the base game, the Cash Bank Free Spins Bonus and the Golden Apple Cash Bank Free Spins Bonus, and on reel 1 and 5 during the Double Collect Cash Bank Free Spins Bonus. Landing any Collect symbols collects all Apple symbols in view for each Collector symbol in view. BONUS COLLECT SYMBOL The Bonus Collect symbol is available on reel 5 in the base game only. Landing 4 or more Apple symbols and a Bonus Collect symbol awards the Cash Bank Free Spins Bonus. All Apple symbols are collected and 8 Free Spins are awarded. CASH SYMBOL The Cash symbol is available on reels 1, 2, 3 and 4 in the base game, the Cash Bank Free Spins Bonus and the Golden Cash Bank Free Spins Bonus, and on all reels during the Double Collect Cash Bank Free Spins Bonus. Cash symbols have a value presented on them that will be a multiple of the current base bet. These values are only awarded by landing the Collect or Bonus Collect symbols. Available cash values during the base game, Cash Bank Free Spins and Double Collect Cash Bank Free Spins are: x1, x2, x5, x10, x20, x30, x50, x100. Available cash values during the Golden Apple Cash Bank Free Spins are: x10, x20, x30, x50, x100. Each symbol that lands in view adds to the Apple Pile. Apple Toss Modifier Randomly, in a game where at least 1 Apple has been added to the Apple Pile, the wolf may appear in front of the reels and add an additional Apple to the Apple Pile, triggering the Wolf Wheel Bonus. WOLF WHEEL BONUS: BASE GAME MAIN WHEEL Every Apple symbol that lands in view adds to the Apple Pile. For each Apple symbol that adds to the Apple Pile, there is a chance that the Apple Pile will increase or award the Wolf Wheel Bonus. The main Wolf Wheel Bonus can award the Cash Bank Free Spins Bonus, the Upgrade Wheel, or a Mini, Minor or Major Prize Pot. If the Cash Bank Free Spins Bonus is awarded a Bonus Collect symbol is added to reel 5 to trigger the bonus with the Apples already in view. WOLF WHEEL BONUS: BASE GAME UPGRADE WHEEL During the base game Wolf Wheel Bonus, when the Main Wheel lands on the Upgrade position the player is awarded the Upgrade Wheel. The Upgrade Wolf Wheel Bonus can award the Double Collect Cash Bank Free Spins Bonus, the Golden Apple Cash Bank Free Spins Bonus, or the Grand Prize Pot. If the Double Collect Cash Bank Free Spins bonus is awarded a Double Collect Bonus Collect symbol is added to reel 5 to trigger the bonus with the Apples already in view. If the Golden Apple Cash Bank Free Spins Bonus is awarded all Apple symbols in view are turned golden and a Golden Apple Bonus Collect symbol is added to reel 5 to trigger the bonus with the Apples already in view. WOLF WHEEL BONUS: FREE SPINS Every Apple symbol that lands in view adds to the Apple Pile For each Apple symbol that adds to the Apple Pile, there is a chance that the Apple Pile will increase or award the Wolf Wheel Bonus. The Free Spins Wolf Wheel Bonus can award Extra Free Spins or a Major or Grand Prize Pot. CASH BANK FREE SPINS BONUS Landing 4 or more Cash symbols and the Bonus Collect symbols in the base game, or landing on a Free Spins position in the Wolf Wheel Bonus in the base game awards the Cash Bank Free Spins Bonus and 8 Free Spins. Prize Pot Tokens appear on reels 1, 2, 3 and 4 during the Cash Bank Free Spins bonus. Prize Pot tokens will appear as one of the below. Collecting 3 Mini tokens awards the Mini Prize Pot. The Mini Prize Pot award is 10x base bet. Collecting 4 Minor tokens awards the Minor Prize Pot. The Minor Prize Pot award is 25x base bet. Collecting 5 Major tokens awards the Major Prize Pot. The Major Prize Pot award is 50x base bet. Collecting 6 Grand tokens awards the Grand Prize Pot. The Grand Prize Pot award is 1000x base bet. After a Prize Pot is awarded, the meter will empty. Prize Pots can be awarded multiple times per Bonus. DOUBLE COLLECT CASH BANK FREE SPINS BONUS Landing on a Double Collect position in the Wolf Wheel Bonus in the base game awards the Double Collect Cash Bank Free Spins Bonus and 8 Free Spins. During the Double Collect Cash Bank Free Spin Bonus symbols are added to reel 1 as well as reel 5. Additionally, during this bonus only, Apple symbols are added to reel 5. Prize Pot Tokens appear on reels 1, 2, 3 and 4 during the Double Collect Cash Bank Free Spins bonus. Collecting 3 Mini tokens awards the Mini Prize Pot. The Mini Prize Pot award is 10x base bet. Collecting 4 Minor tokens awards the Minor Prize Pot. The Minor Prize Pot award is 25x base bet. Collecting 5 Major tokens awards the Major Prize Pot. The Major Prize Pot award is 50x base bet. Collecting 6 Grand tokens awards the Grand Prize Pot. The Grand Prize Pot award is 1000x base bet. After a Prize Pot is awarded, the meter will empty. Prize Pots can be awarded multiple times per Bonus. GOLDEN APPLE CASH BANK FREE SPINS BONUS Landing on a Golden Apple position in the Wolf Wheel Bonus in the base game awards the Golden Apple Cash Bank Free Spins Bonus and 8 Free Spins. During the Golden Apple Cash Bank Free Spin Bonus all Apple symbols become golden with a minimum value of x10 bet. Prize Pot Tokens appear on reels 1, 2, 3 and 4 during the Golden Apple Cash Bank Free Spins bonus. Collecting 3 Mini tokens awards the Mini Prize Pot. The Mini Prize Pot award is 10x base bet. Collecting 4 Minor tokens awards the Minor Prize Pot. The Minor Prize Pot award is 25x base bet. Collecting 5 Major tokens awards the Major Prize Pot. The Major Prize Pot award is 50x base bet. Collecting 6 Grand tokens awards the Grand Prize Pot. The Grand Prize Pot award is 1000x base bet. After a Prize Pot is awarded, the meter will empty. Prize Pots can be awarded multiple times per Bonus. BONUS BUY The Bonus Buy mode can be activated by pressing the Bonus Buy button. Bonus Buy allows the player to purchase direct entry into one of the Cash Bank Free Spins Bonuses or the Wolf Wheel Bonus. When the Bonus Buy button is pressed, the player is presented with the 4 possible bonus options and the associated cost of buying that bonus. The four options to choose from are: Wolf Wheel Bonus Golden Apple Cash Bank Free Spins Double Collect Cash Bank Free Spins Mystery Cash Bank Free Spins The base bet can also be changed on the initial Bonus Buy modal. Changing this alters the cost of each option. If the Mystery option is purchased, one of the three possible Cash Bank Free Spins Bonuses will be selected at random to be awarded. When Cash Bank Free Spins option is confirmed, the game will spin in a random game that will award a Cash Bank Free Spins Bonus that attributes with the purchased bonus. If the Wolf Wheel Bonus is purchased, the game will spin in a random game that will award the Wolf Wheel Bonus. Feature awards are determined by the current base bet. Available cash values during the base game, Cash Bank Free Spins and Double Collect Cash Bank Free Spins are: x1, x2, x5, x10, x20, x30, x50, x100. Available cash values during the Golden Cash Bank Free Spins are: x10, x20, x30, x50, x100. FORTUNE SPINS The Fortune Spins mode can be activated by pressing the Fortune Spins button. The spin button is used to play Fortune Spins. During Fortune Spins the standard reels are replaced with Fortune Spins reels containing only Cash, Blank, Collector and Bonus Collect symbols. Landing 4 or more Cash symbols and a Bonus Collector awards the Cash Bank Bonus. Landing a Collector symbol in Fortune Spins collects all cash in view. Available cash Values: x1, x2, x5, x10, x20, x30, x50, x100. FORTUNE BET Fortune Bet is an alternative to standard spins and can be activated with the Fortune Bet button. Activating Fortune Bet allows the player to select a new bet multiplier of 1.5x the current bet. Doing so increases the frequency of activating the Wolf Wheel Bonus The awards, gamble entry, big win thresholds and Cash symbol values remain the same as the base bet. GAMBLE The gamble can be configured to be on, on if the win is greater than or equal to 5x bet, or off. If the gamble is on, any winnings awarded during the game will offer the gamble feature. If the gamble is on and if the win is greater than or equal to 5x bet, any winnings greater than or equal to 5x bet awarded during the game will offer the gamble feature. The gamble entry trigger is based on the base bet before any bet multipliers are applied. When the gamble is entered, two wheels are presented. The left wheel offers the chance to increase the winnings by one third, double the winnings, or triple the winnings. The right wheel offers the chance to gamble for the Cash Bank Free Spins Bonus, Double Collect Free Spins Bonus or Golden Apple Free Spins Bonus. The win value can be adjusted by pressing the '-' and '+' arrows, this in turn will adjust the winning and losing segments of the wheel. Press either wheel during the feature to gamble your winnings and spin the pointer. If the pointer stops on the green segment, the cash value or Bonus is awarded. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses their winnings and exits to the base game. When the potential winning area of the gamble wheel is at its minimum size the chance of success could be significantly less than the visual representation shown. If the result of a winning gamble would exceed the win limit of x2500 base bet or $250,000.00, whichever is the lower value, winnings are automatically collected, and the gamble will be exited. The maximum that can be achieved via the Cash Bank Free Spins Spins gamble is the Golden Apple Free Spins Bonus. Once this is reached, the Cash Bank Free Spins wheel is disabled, while the player is still able to gamble on the Cash wheel. Press the 'COLLECT' button during the feature to collect your winnings. The expected payback for the gamble game is 100% SPIN CHANCE Spin Chance is triggered automatically if the credit is reduced below the current price of play, yet is still greater than zero. Spin Chance offers the player an opportunity to wager their remaining credit in an attempt at winning an additional base game spin at the current bet. To play Spin Chance, select the 'PLAY' button to begin moving the pointer across the meter. Alternatively, select the 'NO THANKS' button to exit Spin Chance with the remaining credit. If the pointer stops on the green segment, a spin at the current bet is awarded and plays automatically. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses any remaining credit and exits to the base game. The red and green segments are proportional to the amount of credit in relation to the current bet. The chance of winning a spin is determined by this ratio. GENERAL INFORMATION GAME RECOVERY In the event of an unexpected interruption / termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. All unresolved bets that remain undecided in an incomplete game after 0 days will automatically complete using the optimal strategy. All unresolved bets that remain undecided in an incomplete game after 0 days will become void. BET INFORMATION The minimum bet available is $0.10 per game. The maximum bet available is $20,000.00 per game. PAYBACK INFORMATION The player's odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed $250,000.00 excluding jackpots. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every bet configuration. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) for this game is 94.50%. The RTP reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays over an extended period of time, and represents the long-term expected payback of the game which has been calculated by an independent testing company, in accordance with the required regulations. The outcome of any play during the game is pre-determined. Player choices do not affect the outcome of the game unless indicated. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 11/11/2025