1001 Arabian Nights Plus Ways Introduction 1001 arabian nights slot game featuring up to 8,575 ways to win, Fortune Bet, Bonus Buy, Free Spins and Spin Chance. How to Play Spin the reels by pressing the 'SPIN' button to try to achieve 3, 4 or 5 of a kind reel wins. Select the 'CHANGE STAKE' button to increase or decrease the size of the bet. Autoplay Press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to see the options. You must select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay. 'Custom Loss Limit' refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. For example, if you have £50 in your balance, and you choose a £20 loss limit, the auto play will stop as soon as your balance goes below £30, even if you have auto play games remaining. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the 'Custom Loss Limit' button. Choose the 'More settings' option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. Select the 'AUTOPLAY' button during autoplay to stop them. Turbo Mode Enabling 'Turbo Mode' increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spin animation. This does not impact the outcome of the game. Game Rules All games are played with to 8575 ways to win. Only the highest award is paid per winning combination. Wins on different winning combinations are added. All wins pay left to right across adjacent reels, starting with the leftmost reel, regardless of size. The award is multiplied by the number of symbols that occur per reel in the winning combination. The Extra Reels add an extra symbol at the top and bottom of reels 2, 3 and 4. Payouts are multiplied by the base stake. Cascades During the base game, every winning symbol is part of a Cascade. Cascade symbols are replaced by new symbols coming from above on the reels, from the right on the top Extra Reel and from the left on the bottom Extra Reel. Mystery symbols Mystery symbols can land anywhere in view in the Base Game only. All Mystery symbols in view change into one of the standard reel symbols, at random. Bonus Win And Spin The Win & Spin appears on all vertical reels in both the base game and Win & Spin Bonus. The Win & Spin symbols do not appear on the horizontal Extra Reels. 6 or more Win & Spin symbols in any position will start the Win & Spin Bonus. Win & Spin symbols will show a cash value or Jackpot. The available Jackpots are Mini, Minor or Major. The Mini Jackpot award is 10x stake. The Minor Jackpot award is 25x stake. The Major is 50x Stake. The possible cash values are 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, 12x, 14x, 16x, 18x, 20x, 24x and 30x the current stake. The values are only awarded in the Win & Spin bonus. 6 or more Win & Spin symbols in view during the base triggers the Win & Spin bonus. All Win & Spin symbols stick on the reel during the bonus game. Only Win & Spin and Lamp symbols can land during the bonus game. 3 Spins are awarded at the start of the bonus game. Each new Win & Spin symbol or successful lamp bonus awarded resets the number of spins to 3. The bonus continues until the player has no spins remaining or the entire grid is filled with Win & Spin symbols. When the bonus ends the value of all Win & Spin symbols are summed, and the total win is paid. If all 25 horizonal positions are filled with Win & Spin symbols the Grand Jackpot is awarded in addition to the total win. During the Win & Spin bonus only Lamp Symbols can land on the Extra Reels. The top reel contains the top half of the lamp, the bottom reel contains the bottom half of the lamp. Landing lamp symbols in the top and bottom reels in a single spin awards the lamp modifier. The lamp modifier will award one of the following boosts. Genius-Jackpots – Randomly upgrades 3 Win & Spin symbols to Jackpots. If the selected Win & Spin symbol is already a Jackpot it will upgrade that symbol to the next highest available Jackpot. Plentiful Palaces – Randomly adds 3 Win & Spin symbols to the reels. Sultans Stash – Adds a collector to the reels. This collects the total value of all Win & Spin symbols and collectors in view. Treasure Top Up – Randomly adds 5x, 10x, or 25x to 3 Win & Spin symbols on the reels. Awarding the lamp modifier resets the number of spins 3. Fortune Spins The Fortune Spins mode can be selected via the Fortune Spins Button. During fortune spins only the Win & Spin symbols are available in exchange for an enhanced chance to trigger the Bonus. Landing 6 or more Win & Spin in view will trigger the Win & Spin bonus. Bonus Buy Bonus Buy allows the player to purchase direct entry to the Win & Spin bonus. Purchasing the feature immediately starts a game that guarantees at least 6 Win & Spin symbols to land in view. Bonus awards are determined by the current stake. Gamble The gamble can be configured to be on, on if the win is greater than or equal to 5x stake, or off. If the gamble is on, any winnings awarded during the game will offer the gamble feature. If the gamble is on if the win is greater than or equal to 5x stake, any winnings greater than or equal to 5x stake awarded during the game will offer the gamble feature. When the gamble is entered, two wheels are presented. The left wheel offers the chance to increase the winnings by one third, double the winnings, or triple the winnings. The win value can be adjusted by pressing the ‘-’ and ‘+’ arrows, this in turn will adjust the winning and losing segments of the wheel. The right wheel offers the chance to win the bonus feature. The starting symbols awarded can be adjusted by pressing the ‘-’ and ‘+’ arrows, this in turn will adjust the winning and losing segments of the wheel. Please note selecting GRAND will immediately award the grand pot and end the game. Press either ‘Gamble’ button during the feature to gamble your winnings and spin the pointer. If the pointer stops on the green segment, the cash value or Free Spins are awarded. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses their winnings and exits to the base game. Press the ‘Collect’ button during the feature to collect your winnings. Spin Chance Spin Chance is triggered automatically if the credit is reduced below the current price of play, yet is still greater than zero. Spin Chance offers the player an opportunity to wager their remaining credit in an attempt at winning an additional spin at the current bet. To play Spin Chance, select the ‘PLAY’ button to begin moving the pointer across the meter. Alternatively, select the ‘NO THANKS’ button to exit Spin Chance with the remaining credit. If the pointer stops on the green segment, a spin at the current bet is awarded and plays automatically. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses any remaining credit and exits to the base game. The red and green segments are proportional to the amount of credit in relation to the current bet. The chance of winning a spin is determined by this ratio. General Information Game Recovery In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. Payback Information Your odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. This reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays, over an extended period of time. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed 250,000.00. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every stake configuration. This game has been independently fairness tested. The expected payback for the Standard game is 94.50%. The expected payback for the Fortune Bet game is 94.50%. The expected payback for the Bonus Buy game is 94.50%. The expected payback for the gamble game is 100%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays.