Pond Life AWARDS A winning combination occurs when 3, 4 or 5 symbols match across adjacent reels from the left. The top symbol also awards for 2 matching symbols. The number of ways is calculated by multiplying the number of matching symbols on each adjacent reel for that winning combination. The award is calculated by multiplying the pay table award with the number of ways for that winning combination. There are 3125 ways to win. Only the highest award is paid per winning combination. Awards from all winning combinations are added together. All symbols except lily pads pay left to right across adjacent reels starting from the leftmost reel. Any bonus wins are added to any coincidental line wins. CASCADES After every drop all winning combinations are paid, any symbol involved in the win is removed from the screen. All remaining symbols will drop to fill the empty positions. Any empty positions are replaced by new symbols cascading from above. Any new winning combinations as a result of the new symbols will repeat the process. The cascade will continue until no more winning combinations appear in view. If a lily pad moves down during the drop process, and a frog is sitting on that lily pad, the frog will move down with the lily pad. THE FROG If a lily pad appears on reel 1 after the initial symbols are displayed, the frog will hop onto it. He can then move up, down, to the right, up diagonally to the right and down diagonally to the right as he tries to progress towards the awards on the right of the reels, on the logs adjacent to reel 5. He cannot move backwards, and only moves if this results in him being further to the right than his current position. The frog will attempt to find a path over to the logs, but this might not always result in the best prize if more than one are possible. If the frog reaches the right hand reel, the player is awarded the prize on the log to the right of the frog’s position. The frog will also progress after each win cascade if possible. In this example, the frog is able to move across 3 lily pads. He can’t reach the 4th as it is not on one of the positions he is able to move to. After all wins and cascades have been processed, and the frog has progressed at least one position across the reels, a redrop is given. This redrops the symbols on the reels to the right of the frog’s current position. This may result in further wins and may result in the frog being able to move further to the right. If the frog has moved further to the right after the redrop, another redrop is given, again giving new symbols on the reels to the right of the frog’s current position. This process continues until the frog isn’t able to move any further to the right or reaches the right-hand side of the reels. THE LOGS In the base game, the prizes shown on logs are (from the top down) 8 Free Spins 6 Free Spins 5 Free Spins 6 Free Spins 8 Free Spins Additionally a cash prize of 100x and 500x bet can randomly replace one of the above prizes at the start of the game. If the frog reaches reel 5, the player is awarded the prize indicated on the adjacent log. If the prize is free spins, the Free Spins bonus begins with that number of free spins. If it is a cash value, the player is awarded the prize indicated, multiplied by the base game bet. REEL MODIFIER SUPER MAGIC DRAGONFLY After all wins, cascades, frog movement and redrops have been processed, and the frog hasn’t reached the right-hand side of the reels, the Super Magic Dragonfly may appear. He may fly on the screen and fly off again without further action. Or he may drop symbols (including lily pads) on to the reels. This may result in further wins or frog movement, all of which are processed as described earlier. The Super Magic Dragonfly can only appear once in a base game or Free Spins spin but may appear more than once over the course of a Free Spins bonus. FREE SPINS If the frog reaches the right-hand reel and the value on the adjacent log is a free spins value, the Free Spins bonus begins with that number of free spins. During Free Spins, the lily pads have cash values on them. The possible values on the lily pads are: 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x and 10x base game bet. After the first free spin, the log values to the right of the reels may scroll down one position, and a new value is added at the top. The possible values for these new prizes are: Cash Wins: 25x, 50x, 100x and 500x base game bet. Frog Win Multipliers: X2, X3, X5 and X10 (and X25 in Fortune Bet). FreeSpins: 5, 6 or 8 free spins (5, 6, 8, 10 or 20 free spins in Fortune Bet). As the frog moves across the lily pads, the cash values are collected. This accumulated value is shown below the frog. When he can move no further, or reaches the right-hand side, the accumulated value is added to the bonus winnings. If the frog reaches a frog win multiplier value, the accumulated winnings from the frog’s movement across the reels this spin are multiplied by this value before being added to the bonus winnings. If the frog reaches a cash win, this is also added to the bonus winnings. If a free spins value is reached, the Free Spins bonus is extended by that number of spins. FORTUNE BET Fortune Bet is an alternative to standard spins. Activating Fortune Bet allows the player to select a new bet multiplier of 1.5x the current bet. In the Fortune Bet, the chance of the Super Magic Dragonfly appearing increases. This results in more bonuses, and these bonuses have the possibility of X25 win multipliers and +20 free spins log prizes being awarded. The awards, gamble entry and big win thresholds remain the same as the base bet. The average payback over multiple game cycles in the Fortune Bet mode is 94.50%. GAMBLE The gamble can be configured to be on, on if the win is greater than or equal to 5x bet, or off. If the gamble is on, any winnings awarded during the game will offer the gamble feature. If the gamble is on and if the win is greater than or equal to 5x bet, any winnings greater than or equal to 5x bet awarded during the game will offer the gamble feature. The gamble entry trigger is based on the base bet before any bet multipliers are applied. When the gamble is entered, two wheels are presented. The left wheel offers the chance to increase the winnings by a half, double the winnings, or triple the winnings. The right wheel offers the chance to win a bonus entry. The win value can be adjusted by pressing the '-' and '+' arrows, this in turn will adjust the winning and losing segments of the wheel. Press either wheel during the feature to gamble your winnings and spin the pointer. If the pointer stops on the green segment, the cash value or bonus entry is awarded. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses their winnings and exits to the base game. When the potential winning area of the gamble wheel is at its minimum size the chance of success could be significantly less than the visual representation shown. Winnings can be gambled up to a maximum win amount of x2500 bet or $250,000.00, whichever is the lower value. Once the maximum win amount is reached, winnings are automatically collected and the gamble will be exited. A maximum of 12 Free Spins bonus entry can be achieved in the gamble for bonus entry. Once this is reached, the Free Spins wheel is disabled, while the player is still able to gamble on the Cash wheel. Winnings from the bonus can be gambled, but gamble to bonus will not be available. Press the 'COLLECT' button during the feature to collect your winnings. The expected payback for the gamble game is 100% SPIN CHANCE Spin Chance is triggered automatically if the credit is reduced below the current price of play, yet is still greater than zero. Spin Chance offers the player an opportunity to wager their remaining credit in an attempt at winning an additional base game spin at the current bet. To play Spin Chance, select the 'PLAY' button to begin moving the pointer across the meter. Alternatively, select the 'NO THANKS' button to exit Spin Chance with the remaining credit. If the pointer stops on the green segment, a spin at the current bet is awarded and plays automatically. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses any remaining credit and exits to the base game. The red and green segments are proportional to the amount of credit in relation to the current bet. The chance of winning a spin is determined by this ratio. GENERAL INFORMATION GAME RECOVERY In the event of an unexpected interruption / termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. PAYBACK INFORMATION The player's odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed $250,000.00 excluding jackpots. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every bet configuration. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) for each bet type is as follows: Base Game : 94.50% Fortune Bet : 94.50% The outcome of any play during the game is pre-determined. Player choices do not affect the outcome of the game unless indicated. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 6/5/2025