Piggy Winner 1 Introduction Piggy Winner is a 10 line slot game. The Free Spins, Fortune Bet and Dual Wheel Gamble offer more chances to win. 2 How to Play Spin the reels by pressing the 'SPIN' button to try to achieve 3, 4 or 5 of a kind reel wins. Select the 'CHANGE STAKE' button to increase or decrease the size of the bet. Autoplay Press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to see the options. You must select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay. 'Custom Loss Limit' refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. For example, if you have £50 in your balance, and you choose a £20 loss limit, the auto play will stop as soon as your balance goes below £30, even if you have auto play games remaining. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the 'Custom Loss Limit' button. Choose the 'More settings' option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. Select the 'AUTOPLAY' button during autoplays to stop them. Turbo Mode Enabling 'Turbo Mode' increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spin animation. This does not impact the outcome of the game. 3 Game Rules Line wins must occur on adjacent reels beginning with the leftmost reel. A line win can occur on any or all of the win lines. In case of a multiple possible winnings on the same win line, only the highest win will be paid. Bonus feature is awarded when 3 or more bonus symbols land on any of the 5 reels. In Fortune Bet one supersized bonus symbol triggers the bonus. Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. 4 Features Fortune Spins As an alternative to spinning the normal reels, a different Base Game can be chosen. the Fortune Spins game can be played via the Fortune Spins button. All symbols will be removed from the reels with exception of the Pigs, Bonus Scatter symbols and Collector symbols. The Collector symbol acts as a wild and cash collector. if the Collector and Pig appear on the reels at the same time the value presented on the Pig symbol will be collected. The values on the Pig symbols will be collected for each Collector symbol that lands on the reels. Fortune Spins can be played at any stake. Fortune Bet Fortune Bet is an alternative to standard spins. Activating Fortune Bet allows the player to select a new bet multiplier at 1.5x the current stake. Doing so changes the Bonus symbols into super-sized bonus symbols. Fortune Bet gives the player more than double the chance of achieving the Bonus. landing one supersize bonus symbol fully in view or 3 or more supersized bonus symbols partially in view triggers the Bonus. once triggered, each super-sized bonus symbol fully in view awards 10 Free Spins, each super-sized bonus symbol partially in view awards 5 free spins. a maximum of 50 Free Spins can be awarded. In the Bonus, Pig symbol cash values are multiples of the original base game stake, not the enhanced Fortune Bet stake. Free Spins During the Bonus feature each Collector pays the cash values from all Pig symbols in view and adds to the trail above the reels. The trail consists of 12 increments including 3 enhanced stages at each stage an extra set of 10 Free Spins are triggered and the multiplier for all collected Pig values increases. The multiplier increases to x2 at the first stage, x3 at the second stage and x10 at the third the extra spins and increased multiplier are only awarded after the current set of spins have completed. Pig s can display as Jackpot cash values. The available Jackpots are Mini, Minor, Major and Mega. The Mini Jackpot award is 20x stake. The Minor Jackpot award is 30x stake. The Major Jackpot award is 50x stake. The Mega Jackpot award is 100x stake. The values on the Pigs can be 1x, 2x, 5x or 10x the active Base Game stake. Dual Wheel Gamble The gamble can be configured to be on, On if the win is greater than or equal to 5x stake, or off. If the gamble is on, any winnings awarded during the game will offer the gamble feature. If the gamble is on and if the win is greater than or equal to 5x stake, any winnings greater than or equal to 5x stake awarded during the game will offer the gamble feature. The left wheel offers the chance to increase the winnings by one third, double the winnings, or triple the winnings. The win value can be adjusted by pressing the ‘-’ and ‘+’ arrows, this in turn will adjust the winning and losing segments of the wheel. The right wheel offers the chance to win the free spins feature, a maximum of 30 Free Spins can be in the gamble for Free Spins wheel. The gamble wheel can be adjusted by pressing the ‘-’ and ‘+’ arrows, this in turn will adjust the winning and losing segments of the wheel. Press either wheel during the feature to gamble your winnings and spin the pointer. If the pointer stops on the green segment, the cash value or bonus are awarded and made available to collect. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses their winnings and exits the gamble. the ‘Collect’ button during the gamble to collect your winnings. Bonus Buy In jurisdictions that allow it, a Button on the main screen will be available which contains the text “Bonus Buy”. On selecting this a Pop-Up will display showing the player the cost of the Bonus Buy and the choice to continue to Buy the Bonus or alternatively return to the main game. Confirming the Bonus Buy, by pressing the tick button, will make the Pop-Up disappear and the reels will spin in three Bonus symbols on the main reels. The player will then be taken to the Free Spins Bonus. The cost of the Bonus Buy is 100x base stake, and all awards during the bonus are relative to that base stake. Spin Chance Spin Chance is triggered automatically if the credit is reduced below the current price of play, yet is still greater than zero. Spin Chance offers the player an opportunity to wager their remaining credit in an attempt at winning an additional spin at the current bet. To play Spin Chance, select the ‘PLAY’ button to begin moving the pointer across the meter. Alternatively, select the ‘NO THANKS’ button to exit Spin Chance with the remaining credit. If the pointer stops on the green segment, a spin at the current bet is awarded and plays automatically. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses any remaining credit and exits to the base game. The red and green segments are proportional to the amount of credit in relation to the current bet. The chance of winning a spin is determined by this ratio. 5 General Information Game Recovery In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. Payback Information The game complies with all relevant regulations and technical standards of the Gibraltar Gambling Commission, the Malta Gambling Commission and the Great Britain Gambling Commission. Your odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. This reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays, over an extended period of time. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed £500,000.00. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every stake configuration. This game has been independently fairness tested. The expected payback for the game is 94.50%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 5/6/2025