Centurion Big Money 1 Introduction Centurion Big Money is a 5x3, 10 win line addition to the Big Money slot game franchise featuring the eponymous Big Money bonus as well as Reel Modifiers, Fortune Spins and Spin Chance. 2 How to Play Spin the reels by pressing the 'SPIN' button to try to achieve 2, 3, 4 or 5 of a kind reel wins.Select the 'CHANGE STAKE' button to increase or decrease the size of the bet. 2.1 Autoplay Press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to see the options. You must select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay. 'Custom Loss Limit' refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the 'Custom Loss Limit' button. Choose the 'More settings' option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount.Select the 'AUTOPLAY' button during autoplay to stop them. 2.2 Turbo Mode Enabling 'Turbo Mode' increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spin animation. This does not impact the outcome of the game. 3 Game Rules All games are played with 10 win lines. Wins can occur across any or all of the win lines. Only the highest award is paid per winning combination. All wins pay left to right on adjacent reels starting with the leftmost reel. Wins on different played lines are added. Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. The wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except the Bonus symbol. The wild symbol appears on all reels in the Base Game, Fortune Spins and the Big Money Bonus. 4 Modifiers Randomly, during the Base Game and the Fortune Spins, one of the following reel modifiers may be awarded to the player. 4.1 Super Bonus Reels Additional Bonus symbols are added to the reels for the spin. The additional Bonus symbols are highlighted while the rest of the reel is masked until the spin concludes. 4.2 5-of-a-Kind You are presented with three shields to pick from. Behind each shield is a randomly selected number of “5-of-a-Kind” amounts. When a shield is selected, that shield reveals the amount of “5-of-a-Kinds” that you are then awarded with a random symbol. 4.3 Big Win A win of 20x stake or more is awarded. 5 Bonuses 5.1 Bonus Scatter symbol Landing 3 or more Bonus Scatter symbols in any position in view during the Base Game awards the Big Money Bonus. The Bonus Scatter symbol appears on all reels during the Base Game and Fortune Spins only. 5.2 Big Money Bonus Upon entering the Big Money Bonus, a starting multiplier is awarded to you based on how many Bonus Scatter symbols landed during the triggering game. 3 symbols award the Big Money Bonus with a 1x starting multiplier. 4 symbols award the Super Big Money Bonus with a 2x starting multiplier. 5 symbols award the Mega Big Money Bonus with a 3x starting multiplier. As Centurion Wild symbols land in view on the reels they each collect all the cash values on the coin symbols that landed in view on the reels. The active multiplier is applied to the total amount on each Centurion Wild symbol after the values have been collected from the coins. 5.3 Big Money Bonus trail During the Big Money Bonus the Centurion character is chased by the Bush along the trail at the top of the game and you have unlimited spins until the Bush character catches the Centurion character. The Centurion character moves along 1 space on the trail for every Centurion Wild symbol that lands in view on the reels each spin, and the Bush moves along 1 space for every Bush Wild symbol that lands in view on the reels each spin. As the Centurion moves along the trail, he will land on multiplier amounts that increase the multiplier meter next to the reels up to a maximum of 10x. 5.4 Big Money Bonus Bush Pick When the Bush character catches the Centurion character, you are presented with a modal where you must select one of three bushes to proceed. Each bush will have an outcome randomly selected from the following: Bonus Over - Bonus ends awarding any accumulated winnings. Bush Back – The Bush is pushed back 2 spaces and the Bonus continues. March On – The Centurion marches ahead to the next multiplier in the trail and the Bonus continues. 5.5 Fortune Spins As an alternative to spinning the normal reels, a different base game can be chosen. This can be played by switching ‘on’ the Fortune Spins feature via the switch presented on the graphic. All symbols will be removed from the reels except for the Coins and Bonus symbols and the Base Game wild will be replaced with the Centurion wild symbol from the Bonus. During the Fortune Spins the Centurion wild will collect Coin values it lands in view on the reels with. 5.6 Bonus Buy Bonus Buy can be purchased at 100x the current stake and allows you direct entry into the Big Money Bonus. Purchasing the feature immediately starts a game that guarantees at least 3 scatter symbols to land in view. 5.7 Gamble The gamble can be configured to be on, on if the win is greater than or equal to 5x stake, or off. If the gamble is on, any winnings awarded during the game will offer the gamble feature. If the gamble is on if the win is greater than or equal to 5x stake, any winnings greater than or equal to 5x stake awarded during the game will offer the gamble feature. The gamble entry trigger is based on the base stake before any stake multipliers are applied. When the gamble is entered, two wheels are presented. The left wheel offers the chance to increase the winnings by half, double the winnings, or triple the winnings. The win value can be adjusted by pressing the ‘-’ and ‘+’ arrows, this in turn will adjust the winning and losing segments of the wheel. The right wheel offers the chance to win the Big Win, Super Big Win, or Mega Big Win Bonus. The level of the Big Win Bonus awarded can be adjusted by pressing the ‘-’ and ‘+’ arrows, this in turn will adjust the winning and losing segments of the wheel. Press either ‘Gamble’ button during the feature to gamble your winnings and spin the pointer. If the pointer stops on the green segment, the cash value or Big Win Bonus are awarded. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses their winnings and exits to the base game. Press the ‘Collect’ button during the feature to collect your winnings. 5.8 Spin Chance Spin Chance is triggered automatically if the credit is reduced below the current price of play, yet is still greater than zero. Spin Chance offers the player an opportunity to wager their remaining credit in an attempt at winning an additional spin at the current bet. To play Spin Chance, select the ‘PLAY’ button to begin moving the pointer across the meter. Alternatively, select the ‘NO THANKS’ button to exit Spin Chance with the remaining credit. If the pointer stops on the green segment, a spin at the current bet is awarded and plays automatically. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses any remaining credit and exits to the base game. The red and green segments are proportional to the amount of credit in relation to the current bet. The chance of winning a spin is determined by this ratio. 6 General Information 6.1 Game Recovery In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. 6.2 Payback Information The game complies with all relevant regulations and technical standards of the Gibraltar Gambling Commission, the Malta Gambling Commission and the Great Britain Gambling Commission. Your odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. This reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays, over an extended period of time. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed 250,000.00. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every stake configuration. This game has been independently fairness tested. Malfunction voids all pays and Plays Last modification date: 9/18/2024