Gold Cash Free Spins Megaways How to Play Spin the reels by pressing the 'SPIN' button to try to achieve 3, 4 or 5 of a kind reel wins. Select the 'CHANGE STAKE' button to increase or decrease the size of the bet. Autoplay Press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to see the options. You must select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay. 'Custom Loss Limit' refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. For example, if you have 50 in your balance, and you choose a 20 loss limit, the auto play will stop as soon as your balance goes below 30, even if you have auto play games remaining. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the 'Custom Loss Limit' button. Choose the 'More settings' option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. Select the 'AUTOPLAY' button during autoplay to stop them. 2.2 Turbo Mode Enabling 'Turbo Mode' increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spin animation. This does not impact the outcome of the game. 3 Game Rules All games are played with up to 16,807 ways to win. A winning combination occurs when 3, 4, or 5 symbols match across adjacent reels. The size of the symbol has no effect on the winning combination. The number of ways is calculated by multiplying the number of matching symbols on each adjacent reel for that winning combination. The award is calculated by multiplying the pay table award with the number of ways for that winning combination. Only the highest award is paid per winning combination. Awards from all winning combinations are added together. Wild symbols substitutes for all symbols except free spins and are available on reels 2, 3 & 4 in both the base game and the Free Spins bonus. 4 Bonus 4.1 Free SpinsBonus symbols are available on reels 1, 3 & 5 in the base game. 3 Bonus symbols anywhere in view triggers the Free Spins bonus. Upon entering the bonus, the player is awarded 8 Free Spins. The Free Spins are all played using only the Wild symbol and the three top paying symbols. 4.2 Gamble The gamble can be configured to be on, on if the win is greater than or equal to 5x stake, or off. If the gamble is on, any winnings awarded during the game will offer the gamble feature. If the gamble is on if the win is greater than or equal to 5x stake, any winnings greater than or equal to 5x stake awarded during the game will offer the gamble feature. When the gamble is entered, two wheels are presented. The left wheel offers the chance to increase the winnings by one third, double the winnings, or triple the winnings. The win value can be adjusted by pressing the ‘-’ and ‘+’ arrows, this in turn will adjust the winning and losing segments of the wheel. The right wheel offers the chance to win Free Spins. The number of Free Spins awarded can be adjusted by pressing the ‘-’ and ‘+’ arrows, this in turn will adjust the winning and losing segments of the wheel. Press either ‘Gamble’ button during the feature to gamble your winnings and spin the pointer. If the pointer stops on the green segment, the cash value or Free Spins are awarded. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses their winnings and exits to the base game. Press the ‘Collect’ button during the feature to collect your winnings. 4.3 Spin Chance Spin Chance is triggered automatically if the credit is reduced below the current price of play, yet is still greater than zero. Spin Chance offers the player an opportunity to wager their remaining credit in an attempt at winning an additional spin at the current bet. To play Spin Chance, select the ‘PLAY’ button to begin moving the pointer across the meter. Alternatively, select the ‘NO THANKS’ button to exit Spin Chance with the remaining credit. If the pointer stops on the green segment, a spin at the current bet is awarded and plays automatically. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses any remaining credit and exits to the base game. The red and green segments are proportional to the amount of credit in relation to the current bet. The chance of winning a spin is determined by this ratio. 4.4 Fortune Bet Fortune Bet can be activated by pressing the Fortune Bet button. Activating Fortune Bet increases the current stake by 50% When Fortune Bet is active, the chance of winning Free Spins is increased. When a Bonus symbol lands on reels 1 and 3, but not on reel 5, while the Fortune Bet is active, reel 5 will respin once to give another opportunity to land the 3rd Bonus symbol needed for entry to the Bonus. All wins are paid before the respin and then all wins are paid again after the respin. The awards remain the same as the base stake awards. 4.5 Bonus Buy Bonus Buy allows the player to purchase direct entry into the Free Spins Bonus. Purchasing the feature immediately starts a game that guarantees 3 scatter symbols will land in view. Bonus Buy is purchased for 75 times the standard game stake. Feature awards are determined by the current stake. 5 General Information 5.1 Game Recovery In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. 5.2 Payback Information Your odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. This reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays, over an extended period of time. This game has been independently fairness tested. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 1/3/2024