Big Fishing Net Fortune Big Fishing Net Fortune is a 5x3 reel 10 winline game 2 How to Play Spin the reels by pressing the 'SPIN' button to try to achieve 2,3, 4 or 5 of a kind reel wins. Select the 'CHANGE STAKE' button to increase or decrease the size of the bet. 2.1 Autoplay Press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to see the options. You must select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay. 'Custom Loss Limit' refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. For example, if you have $50 in your balance, and you choose a $20 loss limit, the auto play will stop as soon as your balance goes below $30, even if you have auto play games remaining. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the 'Custom Loss Limit' button. Choose the 'More settings' option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. Select the 'AUTOPLAY' button during autoplay to stop them. 2.2 Turbo Mode Enabling 'Turbo Mode' increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spin animation. This does not impact the outcome of the game. 3 Game Rules Match 2,3, 4, or 5 symbols across a valid win line to achieve a win. All games are played with 10 win lines. Wins can occur across any or all the win lines. Only the highest award is paid per winning combination. All wins pay left to right on adjacent reels starting with the leftmost reel. Wins on different played lines are added. Fish symbols are mixed pays. Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. 4 Wilds The fisherman is wild during Fortune Spins and the bonus and substitutes for all symbols for line wins. 5 Big Fish Symbols In the base game and Fortune Spins, Big Fish symbols are added to the corresponding net and when this happens there is a chance the bonus will be activated with that fish as the Sticky Big Fish. More than one net can trigger the bonus at the same time, in which case the Sticky Big Fish will be a combination of all the triggering fish. Additionally, when a fish is added the net may increase in size. The size of the net does not increase the chance of triggering the bonus. When a bonus is awarded the triggering net resets to its lowest level. Possible values on the fish symbols are 1X, 2X, 5X, 10X, 20X, 30X, 50X, 70X, 80X and 100X base stake. These values are only awarded when caught by the fisherman in Fortune Spins or the bonus, 6 Free Spins Bonus During the Big Fishing Net Fortune bonus, you have unlimited free spins until the Sticky Big Fish is caught. When a fisherman and any fish land in view, the values shown on all fish are paid. If more than 1 fisherman lands, each fish is awarded again for every extra fisherman in view. When the Sticky Big Fish lands, it locks and place until a fisherman lands. At this point, all fish in view are awarded and the bonus ends. 7 Gamble The gamble can be configured to be on, on if the win is greater than or equal to 5x stake, or off. If the gamble is on, any winnings awarded during the game will offer the gamble feature. If the gamble is on with win greater than or equal to 5x stake, any winnings greater than or equal to 5x stake awarded during the game will offer the gamble feature. The gamble entry trigger is bases on the base stake before any stake multipliers are applied. When the gamble is entered, two wheels are presented. The left wheel offers the chance to increase the winnings by one half, double the winnings or triple the winnings. The right wheel offers the chance to win a bonus entry. The win value can be adjusted by pressing the “-” and “+” arrows, this in turn will adjust the winnings and losing segments of the wheel. Press either wheel, if active, during the feature to gamble your winnings and spin the pointer. If the pointer stops on the green segment, the cash value or a bonus entry is awarded. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses their winnings and exits to the base game. When the potential winning area of the gamble wheel is at its minimum size the chance of success could be significantly less than the visual representation shown. If the result of a winning gamble would exceed the win limit of 2500x base stake or $250,000, whichever is the lower value, winnings are automatically collected, and the gamble will be exited. A maximum of 100x sticky big fish can be achieved in the gamble for bonus entry. Once this is reached, the bonus entry wheel is disabled, while the player is still able to gamble on the cash wheel. Press the ‘collect’ button during the feature to collect your winnings. The expected payback for the gamble game is 100%. 8 Fortune Spins As an alternative to spinning the normal reels, a different base game can be chosen. The Fortune spins game can be played via the Fortune Spins button. In fortune spins only fish, fishermen and blanks appear on the fortune spins base game reels. When a fisherman and any fish land in view, the values shown on all fish are paid. If more than 1 fisherman lands, each fish is awarded again for every extra fisherman in view. As in the normal base game, bonus fish go to their corresponding net and can trigger the bonus. 9 Fortune Bet Fortune Bet is an alternative to standard spins. Activating fortune bet allows the player to select a new bet multiplier of 1.5x the current stake. During fortune bet games, the chance of triggering the bonus when one or more fish are added to their nets is increased. 10 Bonus Buy (if available) Bonus Buy allows the player to purchase direct entry to the bonus feature. The player can choose to purchase a free spins bonus with a 20x, 30x, or 50x Sticky Big Fish. There is also a mystery option which can deliver any fish or a combination of them as the Sticky Big Fish. The associated cost of each option is shown. 11 Spin Chance Spin Chance is triggered automatically if the credit is reduced below the current price of play, yet is still greater than zero. Spin Chance offers the player an opportunity to wager their remaining credit in an attempt at winning an additional spin at the current bet. To play Spin Chance, select the ‘PLAY’ button to begin moving the pointer across the meter. Alternatively, select the ‘NO THANKS’ button to exit Spin Chance with the remaining credit. If the pointer stops on the green segment, a spin at the current bet is awarded and plays automatically. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses any remaining credit and exits to the base game. The red and green segments are proportional to the amount of credit in relation to the current bet. The chance of winning a spin is determined by this ratio. 12 General Information 12.1 Game Recovery In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. 12.2 Payback Information Your odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. This reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays, over an extended period of time. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed $250,000.00 excluding jackpots. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every stake configuration. This game has been independently fairness tested. The expected payback for the Standard game is 94.5%. The expected payback for the gamble game is 100% Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 12/3/2025