Jingle Winner WILD SYMBOLS Wilds substitute for all symbols except the bonus symbol Bell symbols are wild and only appear in the bonus and Fortune Spins. MIXED PAYS The berry symbols are mixed pays. They will award line wins landing in any combination as 5x = 20x Bet 4x = 5x Bet 3x = 1x Bet BONUS SYMBOL The bonus symbol is available on all reels in the base game and Fortune Spins. 3 or more bonus symbols landing anywhere in view will trigger the bonus. 3 in any position awards 10 Free Spins. 4 in any position awards 15 Free Spins. 5 in any position awards 20 Free Spins. FREE SPINS During the bonus feature each bell pays the cash values from all berry symbols in view and adds to the trail above the reels.|| The trail consists of 12 increments including 3 enhanced stages. At each stage an extra set of 10 Free Spins are triggered, and the multiplier for all collected berry values increases. The multiplier increases to x2 at the first stage, x3 at the second stage and x10 at the third. The extra spins and increased multiplier are only awarded after the current set of spins have completed. The values on the berries can be 1x, 2x, 5x, 10x, 20x, 30x, 50x or 100x the active base game bet. FORTUNE SPINS As an alternative to spinning the normal reels, a different base game can be chosen. The Fortune Spins game can be played via the Fortune Spins button. All symbols will be removed from the reels with exception of the berry, bonus and bell symbols. The bell symbol acts as a wild and cash collector. If the bell and berry appear on the reels at the same time the value presented on the berry symbol will be collected. The values on the berry symbols will be collected for each bell symbol that lands on the reels. Fortune Spins can be played at any bet. The values on the berries can be 1x, 2x, 5x, 10x, 20x, 30x, 50x or 100x the active bet. FORTUNE BET Fortune Bet is an alternative to standard spins. Activating Fortune Bet allows the player to select a new bet multiplier at 1.5X the current bet. Doing so changes the bonus symbols into super sized Santas. Fortune Bet gives the player more than double the chance of achieving the bonus. Landing one supersize Santa fully in view or 3 or more Santas partially in view triggers the bonus. Once triggered, each Santa fully in view awards 10 free spins, each Santa partially in view awards 5 free spins. A maximum of 50 Free Spins can be initially awarded. In the bonus, berries are multiples of the original base game bet, not the enhanced Fortune Bet bet. Gamble The gamble can be configured to be on, on if the win is greater than or equal to 5x bet, or off. If the gamble is on, any winnings awarded during the game will offer the gamble feature. If the gamble is on and if the win is greater than or equal to 5x bet, any winnings greater than or equal to 5x bet awarded during the game will offer the gamble feature. When the gamble is entered, two wheels are presented. The left wheel offers the chance to increase the winnings by one third, double the winnings, or triple the winnings. The right wheel offers the chance to win Free Spins. The win value can be adjusted by pressing the '-' and '+' arrows, this in turn will adjust the winning and losing segments of the wheel. Press either wheel during the feature to gamble your winnings and spin the pointer. If the pointer stops on the green segment, the cash value or Free Spins are awarded. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses their winnings and exits to the base game. When the potential winning area of the gamble wheel is at its minimum size the chance of success could be significantly less than the visual representation shown. Winnings can be gambled up to a maximum win amount of x2500 bet or $250,000.00, whichever is the lower value. Once the maximum win amount is reached, winnings are automatically collected and the gamble will be exited. A maximum of 30 Free Spins can be achieved in the gamble for Free Spins wheel. Once this is reached, the Free Spins wheel is disabled, while the player is still able to gamble on the Cash wheel. Press the 'COLLECT' button during the feature to collect your winnings. The expected payback for the gamble game is 100% SPIN CHANCE Spin Chance is triggered automatically if the credit is reduced below the current price of play, yet is still greater than zero. Spin Chance offers the player an opportunity to wager their remaining credit in an attempt at winning an additional base game spin at the current bet. To play Spin Chance, select the 'PLAY' button to begin moving the pointer across the meter. Alternatively, select the 'NO THANKS' button to exit Spin Chance with the remaining credit. If the pointer stops on the green segment, a spin at the current bet is awarded and plays automatically. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses any remaining credit and exits to the base game. The red and green segments are proportional to the amount of credit in relation to the current bet. The chance of winning a spin is determined by this ratio. GENERAL INFORMATION GAME RECOVERY In the event of an unexpected interruption / termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. BET INFORMATION The minimum bet available is $0.10 per game. The maximum bet available is $90.00 per game. PAYBACK INFORMATION The player's odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed $250,000.00 excluding jackpots. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every bet configuration. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) for this game is 94.50%. The outcome of any play during the game is pre-determined. Player choices do not affect the outcome of the game unless indicated. Malfunction voids all pays and plays Last modification date: 12/10/2024