Big Bonus Booster Introduction Big Bonus Booster is a 6x4, 50 win line slot game featuring Bonus Buy, Fortune Bet, Big Bonus and Spin Chance. How to Play Spin the reels by pressing the 'SPIN' button to try to achieve 3, 4, 5 or 6 of a kind reel wins. Select the 'CHANGE STAKE' button to increase or decrease the size of the bet. Autoplay Press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to see the options. You must select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay. Custom Loss Limit' refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. For example, if you have £50 in your balance, and you choose a £20 loss limit, the auto play will stop as soon as your balance goes below £30, even if you have auto play games remaining. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the 'Custom Loss Limit' button. Choose the 'More settings' option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. Select the 'AUTOPLAY' button during autoplay to stop them. Turbo Mode Enabling 'Turbo Mode' increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spin animation. This does not impact the outcome of the game. Game Rules All games are played with 50 win lines. Wins can occur across any or all of the win lines. Only the highest award is paid per winning combination. All wins pay left to right on adjacent reels starting with the leftmost reel. Wins on different played lines are added. Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. The wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except Bonus Scatter. Appears on all reels in the base game and on reels 2, 3, 4, and 5 in the free spins Bonus. During free spins any wild in view will lock in place until the bonus is complete. Bonus Bonus Trigger Bonus symbols appear on all reels in the base game. Landing 3 or more bonus symbols anywhere in view starts the Big Bonus. The starting Big Bonus value will be determined by the pick me round. With 3 Bonus Symbols the Big Bonus value can be 20X, 25X, 30X, 50x or 100x. With 4 Bonus Symbols the Big Bonus value can be 25X, 30X, 50x or 100x. With 5 Bonus Symbols the Big Bonus value can be 30X, 50x or 100x. With 6 Bonus Symbols the Big Bonus value can be 50x or 100x. Match 3 Pick Me Game In the Big Bonus match 3 game you will determine the Big Bonus value. The game will change to show 6, 9, 12 or 15 identical tiles depending on the number of bonus symbols used to trigger the bonus. Selecting these symbols one at a time will uncover a Big Bonus gem. Every gem will add to the Big Bonus trail. Once you find 3 matching gems you start the bonus with the corresponding Big Bonus Value and the current Big Bonus Trail. Big Bonus Free Spins The Big Bonus trail is carried over from the pick me round. Landing Big Bonus Booster gems on reel 6 add to the trail. Filling the active trail segment with Big Bonus Booster gems upgrades the Big Bonus Value. Only gems from the active trail segment will appear on reel 6. During free spins, any wild symbol that lands in view will lock in place and remain in that position until free spins have ended. The free spins will continue until a win which is greater than or equal to the Big Bonus Value is achieved. Additional Features Spin Chance Spin Chance is triggered automatically if the credit is reduced below the current price of play, yet is still greater than zero. Spin Chance offers the player an opportunity to wager their remaining credit in an attempt at winning an additional spin at the current bet. To play Spin Chance, select the ‘PLAY’ button to begin moving the pointer across the meter. Alternatively, select the ‘NO THANKS’ button to exit Spin Chance with the remaining credit. If the pointer stops on the green segment, a spin at the current bet is awarded and plays automatically If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses any remaining credit and exits to the base game. The red and green segments are proportional to the amount of credit in relation to the current bet. The chance of winning a spin is determined by this ratio. Bonus Buy The Bonus Buy mode can be activated by pressing the Bonus Buy button. Bonus Buy gives allows direct entry into the Big Bonus in exchange for ##x bet. Buying the bonus will force in at least 3 Bonus symbols in view. All wins are multiplied by the base bet. Fortune Bet The Fortune Bet mode can be activated by pressing the Fortune Bet button. The spin button is used to play Fortune Bet. ] During fortune bet the bonus is awarded 50% more frequently. The awards, Big Bonus value, gamble entry and big win thresholds remain the same as the base stake. Game Recovery In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. Payback Information Your odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. This reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays, over an extended period of time. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed 250,000.00. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every stake configuration. This game has been independently fairness tested. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 5/31/2024