Wolf It Up Christmas 1 Introduction Wolf it up! Christmas is a 5x3, 10 win line game which features the Cash Bank Bonus, a Free Spins bonus that can award Prize Pots along-side Cash Symbols. In addition to the Cash Bank Bonus, both the Base Game and the Cash Bank Bonus include a pudding pile that may award access to the Wolf Wheel Bonus. Additionally, the game will include Fortune Spins, Bonus Buy, Gamble and Spin Chance features. 2 How to Play Spin the reels by pressing the 'SPIN' button to try to achieve 2, 3, 4 or 5 of a kind reel wins. Select the 'CHANGE STAKE' button to increase or decrease the size of the bet. 2.1 Autoplay Press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to see the options. You must select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay. 'Custom Loss Limit' refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. For example, if you have 50 in your balance, and you choose a 20 loss limit, the auto play will stop as soon as your balance goes below 30, even if you have auto play games remaining. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the 'Custom Loss Limit' button. Choose the 'More settings' option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. Select the 'AUTOPLAY' button during autoplay to stop them. 2.2 Turbo Mode Enabling 'Turbo Mode' increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spin animation. This does not impact the outcome of the game. 3 Game Rules All games are played with 10 win lines. Wins can occur across any or all of the win lines. Only the highest award is paid per winning combination. All wins pay left to right on adjacent reels starting with the leftmost reel. Wins on different played lines are added. Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. The wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except the Bonus symbols. The wild symbol appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 in the Base Game and in the Cash Bank Bonus. 3.1 Cash symbols Cash symbols can land anywhere in view on reels 1, 2, 3 and 4 throughout the game. When they land in view on reels 1, 2, 3 and 4 alongside a Collector or Bonus Collector symbol landing in view on reel 5 then the values are collected and awarded along with any coincidental line wins. Cash symbols have a value presented on them that will be a multiple of the current stake. Available cash values: x1, x2, x5, x10, x20, x30, x50 and x100. 3.2 Fortune Spins The Fortune Spins mode is an alternative to the standard Base Game and can be activated by pressing the fortune spins button. The spin button is used to play Fortune Spins. During fortune spins, the standard reels are replaced with fortune spins reels containing only Cash, Blank, Collector and Bonus Collector symbols. 4 Bonus Buy The Bonus Buy mode can be activated by pressing the Bonus Buy button. Bonus Buy allows direct entry into the Cash Bank Free Spins bonus in exchange for ##x bet. Buying the bonus will force in at least 4 cash symbols and a Bonus Collector symbol. Available cash Values: x1, x2, x5, x10, x20, x30, x50, x100 5 Wolf Wheel Bonus 5.1 Pudding pile Every Cash symbol that lands in view adds to the Pudding Pile. For each Cash symbol that adds to the Pudding Pile, there is a chance that the Pudding Pile will increase in size or award the Wolf Wheel Bonus. Once the Wolf Wheel Bonus has been awarded, the Pudding Pile returns to its lowest level. Each stake has a separate Pudding Pile level that can be built up by landing the Cash symbols while playing with each stake separately active. 5.2 Base Game Wolf Wheel Bonus When the Wolf Wheel Bonus is awarded in the Base Game you spin on the wheel and have the chance to be awarded Free Spins or a Mini, Minor, Major or Grand Prize Pot. 5.3 Base Game Wolf Wheel Bonus When the Wolf Wheel Bonus is awarded in the Cash Bank Bonus you spin on the wheel and have the chance to be awarded Extra Free Spins or a Major or Grand Prize Pot. 6 Cash Bank Bonus 6.1 Cash Bank Free Spins Bonus trigger Landing 5 or more Cash symbols and a Bonus Collector symbol in view on the reels at the same time awards the Cash Bank Free Spins Bonus. The Cash Scatter symbol appears on reels 1, 2, 3 and 4 only and the Bonus Collector symbol appears on reel 5 only. 6.2 Cash Bank Free Spins Bonus entry award Upon entering the Cash Bank Free Spins Bonus you are awarded 8 Free Spins. Additional Free Spins can be awarded during the Cash Bank Free Spins Bonus via the Wolf Wheel Bonus. 6.3 Cash Bank Prize Pots During the Cash Bank Free Spins Bonus, Prize Pot Tokens can appear and land on reels 1, 2, 3 and 4. Prize Pot tokens appear as coins with the names of the Prize Pots on them. The names are Mini, Minor, Major and Grand. Collecting 3 Mini tokens awards the Mini Prize Pot. The Mini Prize Pot award is 10x base bet. Collecting 4 Minor tokens awards the Minor Prize Pot. The Minor Prize Pot award is 25x base bet. Collecting 5 Major tokens awards the Major Prize Pot. The Major Prize Pot award is 50x base bet. Collecting 6 Grand tokens awards the Grand Prize Pot. The Grand Prize Pot award is 1000x base bet. After a Prize Pot is awarded, the meter will empty. Prize Pots can be awarded multiple times per Bonus. 7 Gamble The gamble can be configured to be on, on if the win is greater than or equal to 5x stake, or off. If the gamble is on, any winnings awarded during the game will offer the gamble feature. If the gamble is on and if the win is greater than or equal to 5x stake, any winnings greater than or equal to 5x stake awarded during the game will offer the gamble feature. The Gamble entry trigger is based on the base stake before any stake multipliers are applied. When the gamble is entered, two wheels are presented. The left wheel offers the chance to increase the winnings by one third, double the winnings, or triple the winnings. The right wheel offers the chance to win Cash Bank Free Spins. The win value can be adjusted by pressing the ‘-’ and ‘+’ arrows, this in turn will adjust the winning and losing segments of the wheel. Press either wheel during the feature to gamble your winnings and spin the pointer. If the pointer stops on the green segment, the cash value or Free Spins are awarded. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses their winnings and exits to the base game. When the potential winning area of the gamble wheel is at its maximum size the chance of success could be significantly less than the visual representation shown. Winnings can be gambled up to a maximum win amount of x2500 base stake or 500,000.00, whichever is the lower value. Once the maximum win amount is reached, winnings are automatically collected, and the gamble will be exited. A maximum of 30 Cash Bank Free Spins can be achieved in the gamble for Cash Bank Free Spins wheel. Once this is reached, the Cash Bank Free Spins wheel is disabled, while the player is still able to gamble on the Cash wheel. Press the ‘COLLECT’ button during the feature to collect your winnings. The expected payback for the gamble feature is 100% 8 Spin Chance Spin Chance is triggered automatically if the credit is reduced below the current price of play, yet is still greater than zero. Spin Chance offers the player an opportunity to wager their remaining credit in an attempt at winning an additional spin at the current bet. To play Spin Chance, select the ‘PLAY’ button to begin moving the pointer across the meter. Alternatively, select the ‘NO THANKS’ button to exit Spin Chance with the remaining credit. If the pointer stops on the green segment, a spin at the current bet is awarded and plays automatically. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses any remaining credit and exits to the base game. The red and green segments are proportional to the amount of credit in relation to the current bet. The chance of winning a spin is determined by this ratio. 9 General Information 9.1 Game Recovery In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. 9.2 Payback Information Your odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. This reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays, over an extended period of time. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed 250,000.00. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every stake configuration. This game has been independently fairness tested. The expected payback for the game is 94.5% Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 12/2/2025