Kong Wonder Wilds AWARDS Match 3, 4, 5 or 6 symbols across adjacent reels on a valid win line, starting with the leftmost reel, to achieve a win. WINNING LINES All games are played with 25 win lines. Wins can occur across any or all of the win lines. Only the highest award is paid per winning combination. Wins on different played lines are added. All wins pay left to right across adjacent reels, starting with the leftmost reel. The bonus win is added to any coincidental line wins. REEL MODIFIER At random during any base game spin, the Mystery Symbols reel modifier can be delivered. The Mystery Symbols reel modifier will deliver Mystery Symbols onto the reels. WILD WIN AND SPIN When 6 or more Wild symbols land in view during the base game, the Wild Win and Spin bonus is activated. All wins are paid. Any X Power symbols that are present convert to a 2X wild multiplier symbol. Any Spin Power symbols that are present add 1 to the number of Wild Win Spins. All Wild symbols lock in place for the duration of the Wild Win and Spin bonus. 3 spins are awarded. The reels then spin and land. Only Wild symbols or blank symbols can land. Any new Wild symbols that land also lock in place for the duration of the Wild Win and Spin bonus. If a new wild symbol lands in view, the spins are reset to 3. If no new wild symbols land in view, the number of spins decreases by 1. If X Power is active, multiplier wilds may land and have a 2X, 3X, 5X or 10X multiplier value. If Spin Power is active, Spin Power symbols may land and will add 1 to the number of Wild Win Spins. WILD WIN SPINS Once the number of spins is 0, or the screen is filled with wild symbols, the collector phase of the bonus ends. If the screen is filled with Wild symbols, the player is awarded 25x the 6 of a Kind Wild symbol award. This is awarded for each Wild Win Spin that has been accumulated. If the screen is not filled with Wild symbols, the Wild symbols in view remain locked in place and the player is awarded the number of Wild Win Spins that have been accumulated. The reels spin and land. All symbols can land except for blank symbols and wilds. The win from this spin is then paid. The total win of any line with 1 or more multipliers on it has the win multiplied by sum of those multipliers. The number of Wild Win Spins decreases by one. This process repeats until no Wild Win Spins are left. BONUS BUY Bonus Buy allows the player to purchase direct entry to the bonus feature. Purchasing the feature immediately starts a game that guarantees at least 6 Wild symbols. Bonus Buy is purchased for 63X the current bet. All awards are determined by the current bet. The average payback over multiple game cycles in Bonus Buy mode is 94.50%. GAMBLE The gamble can be configured to be on, on if the win is greater than or equal to 5x bet, or off. If the gamble is on, any winnings awarded during the game will offer the gamble feature. If the gamble is on and if the win is greater than or equal to 5x bet, any winnings greater than or equal to 5x bet awarded during the game will offer the gamble feature. The gamble entry trigger is based on the base bet before any bet multipliers are applied. When the gamble is entered, two wheels are presented. The left wheel offers the chance to increase the winnings by one half, double the winnings, or triple the winnings. The right wheel offers the chance to win a bonus entry. The win value can be adjusted by pressing the '-' and '+' arrows, this in turn will adjust the winning and losing segments of the wheel. Press either wheel, if active, during the feature to gamble your winnings and spin the pointer. If the pointer stops on the green segment, the cash value or Bonus entry (standard, with X Power, Spin Power or both) is awarded. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses their winnings and exits to the base game. When the potential winning area of the gamble wheel is at its minimum size the chance of success could be significantly less than the visual representation shown. Winnings can be gambled up to a maximum win amount of x2500 bet or $250,000,00, whichever is the lower value. Once the maximum win amount is reached, winnings are automatically collected and the gamble will be exited. A maximum of Spin Power plus X Power can be achieved in the gamble for bonus entry. Once this is reached, the bonus entry wheel is disabled, while the player is still able to gamble on the Cash wheel. Press the 'COLLECT' button during the feature to collect your winnings. The expected payback for the gamble game is 100% SPIN CHANCE Spin Chance is triggered automatically if the credit is reduced below the current price of play, yet is still greater than zero. Spin Chance offers the player an opportunity to wager their remaining credit in an attempt at winning an additional base game spin at the current bet. To play Spin Chance, select the 'PLAY' button to begin moving the pointer across the meter. Alternatively, select the 'NO THANKS' button to exit Spin Chance with the remaining credit. If the pointer stops on the green segment, a spin at the current bet is awarded and plays automatically. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses any remaining credit and exits to the base game. The red and green segments are proportional to the amount of credit in relation to the current bet. The chance of winning a spin is determined by this ratio. GENERAL INFORMATION GAME RECOVERY In the event of an unexpected interruption / termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. All unresolved bets that remain undecided in an incomplete game after 0 days will automatically complete using the optimal strategy. All unresolved bets that remain undecided in an incomplete game after 0 days will become void. BET INFORMATION The minimum bet available is $0.10 per game. The maximum bet available is $100.00 per game. PAYBACK INFORMATION The player's odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed $250,000.00 excluding jackpots. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every bet configuration. The outcome of any play during the game is pre-determined. Player choices do not affect the outcome of the game unless indicated. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 4/1/2025