Wild Winner 1 Introduction Wild Winner is a 30 line slot game. The Free Spins, Dual Wheel Gamble and Bonus Top Up Gamble offer more chances to win. 2 How to Play Spin the reels by pressing the 'SPIN' button to try to achieve 3, 4 or 5 of a kind reel wins. Select the 'CHANGE STAKE' button to increase or decrease the size of the bet. 2.1 Autoplay Press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to see the options. You must select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay. 'Custom Loss Limit' refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. For example, if you have 50 in your balance, and you choose a 20 loss limit, the auto play will stop as soon as your balance goes below 30, even if you have auto play games remaining. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the 'Custom Loss Limit' button. Choose the 'More settings' option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. Select the 'AUTOPLAY' button during autoplays to stop them. 2.2 Turbo Mode Enabling 'Turbo Mode' increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spin animation. This does not impact the outcome of the game. 3 Game Rules Line wins must occur on adjacent reels beginning with the leftmost reel. A line win can occur on any or all of the win lines. In case of a multiple possible winnings on the same win line, only the highest win will be paid. Bonus feature is awarded when 3 BONUS Star symbols land on the middle 3 reels. When Fewer than 3 bonus symbols land in view, they will transform into a wild which can have a multiplier attached to it. The multiplier can be between 2x – 5x. Any winning lines which include a while will be multiplied. Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. 4 Features 4.1 Dual Wheel Gamble The gamble can be configured to be on, if the win is greater than or equal to 5x stake, or off. If the gamble is on, any winnings awarded during the game will offer the gamble feature. If the gamble is on and if the win is greater than or equal to 5x stake, any winnings greater than or equal to 5x stake awarded during the game will offer the gamble feature. The left wheel offers the chance to increase the winnings by one third, double the winnings, or triple the winnings. The win value can be adjusted by pressing the ‘-’ and ‘+’ arrows, this in turn will adjust the winning and losing segments of the wheel. The right wheel offers the chance to win the free spins feature, a maximum of 30 Free Spins can be in the gamble for Free Spins wheel. The gamble wheel can be adjusted by pressing the ‘-’ and ‘+’ arrows, this in turn will adjust the winning and losing segments of the wheel. Press either wheel during the feature to gamble your winnings and spin the pointer. If the pointer stops on the green segment, the cash value or bonus are awarded and made available to collect. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses their winnings and exits the gamble. Press the ‘Collect’ button during the gamble to collect your winnings. 4.2 Bonus Top Up Gamble The Bonus Top Up Gamble is offered following 3 Bonus Symbols landing in the Base Game. This allows the player to gamble for additional Free Spins. The player has 10 Gamble opportunities. These will visually decrement following the result of any gamble. If the pointer stops on the green segment, the Free Spins value are awarded and the Gambles Remaining will decrement. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses. The player will either exit to the Base Game if all Free Spins are lost or continue in the Gamble if the player has Free Spins remaining. If the player has Free Spins remaining following the 10 Gambles, the player will transition to the Free Spins with the result of the final Gamble. The win and lose values can be adjusted by pressing the ‘-’ and ‘+’ arrows, this in turn will adjust the winning and losing segments of the wheel. Winnings can be gambled up to a maximum 30 free spins. Once the maximum number of Free Spins is reached, the Free Spins are automatically collected, and the Gamble will transition to the Bonus. Press the ‘COLLECT’ button during the Gamble feature to collect your winnings. 4.3 Free Spins The bonus is a Free Spins feature. Landing 3 scatters symbols on the middle 3 reels awards 8 free spins. When 3 Bonus symbols land in view, these can have a multiplier attached to them. The multipliers can be between 2x – 5x. Upon transitioning to the bonus these will then appear above the reels in which they landed. In the bonus any winning lines which include a wild will be multiplied by the value presented above the reels. 4.4 Bonus Buy In jurisdictions that allow it, a Button on the main screen will be available which contains the text “Bonus Buy”. On selecting this a Pop-Up will display showing the player the cost of the Bonus Buy and the choice to continue to Buy the Bonus or alternatively return to the main game. Confirming the Bonus Buy, by pressing the tick button, will make the Pop-Up disappear and the reels will spin in three Bonus symbols on the main reels. The player will then be taken to the Free Spins. The cost of the Bonus Buy is 80x base stake, and all awards during the bonus are relative to that base stake. 4.5 Spin Chance Spin Chance is triggered automatically if the credit is reduced below the current price of play, yet is still greater than zero. Spin Chance offers the player an opportunity to wager their remaining credit in an attempt at winning an additional spin at the current bet. To play Spin Chance, select the ‘PLAY’ button to begin moving the pointer across the meter. Alternatively, select the ‘NO THANKS’ button to exit Spin Chance with the remaining credit. If the pointer stops on the green segment, a spin at the current bet is awarded and plays automatically. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses any remaining credit and exits to the base game. The red and green segments are proportional to the amount of credit in relation to the current bet. The chance of winning a spin is determined by this ratio. 5 General Information 5.1 Game Recovery In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. 5.2 Payback Information Your odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. This reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays, over an extended period of time. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed 250,000.00. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every stake configuration. This game has been independently fairness tested. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 11/2/2023