Happy Fortune Dragon 1 Introduction Happy Fortune Dragon is a brand new 40 win line game, featuring 5x3 reels, laid out as 15 individual mini reels that spin and land independently, with the titular Dragon potentially landing on the middle reel. Featuring Cash-on-Reels and Prize Pot symbols throughout that are unlocked whenever they appear alongside the eponymous Dragon at the end of a spin, as well as Boost and Multiply modifiers and a Free Spins Bonus that locks the Dragon in place for the duration. 2 How to Play Spin the reels by pressing the 'SPIN' button to try to achieve 3, 4 or 5 of a kind reel wins. Select the 'CHANGE STAKE' button to increase or decrease the size of the bet. 2.1 Autoplay Press the 'AUTOPLAY' button to see the options. You must select the number of autoplay games, and your loss limit, before you have the option of starting the autoplay. 'Custom Loss Limit' refers to how much money you wish to lose before the auto play stops. For example, if you have 50 in your balance, and you choose a 20 loss limit, the auto play will stop as soon as your balance goes below 30, even if you have auto play games remaining. You can either choose to accept the suggested loss limit, which is your stake multiplied by the number of autoplay games you have selected, or manually type in a loss limit by pressing the 'Custom Loss Limit' button. Choose the 'More settings' option if you wish to stop the autoplay when you win over a certain amount. Select the 'AUTOPLAY' button during autoplay to stop them. 2.2 Turbo Mode Enabling 'Turbo Mode' increases the speed of a game by speeding up the reel spin animation. This does not impact the outcome of the game. 3 Game Rules All games are played with 40 win lines. Wins can occur across any or all of the win lines. Only the highest award is paid per winning combination. All wins pay left to right on adjacent reels starting with the leftmost reel. Wins on different played lines are added. Your winnings will be credited to your account immediately. You will lose your bet amount if you lose the game. The Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except the Coins and the Mini, Minor, Major and Grand Fixed Prizes as part of a line win. The Wild symbol appears on the centre mini reel only in both the Base Game and the Free Spins Bonus. Coins and Fixed Prizes can appear on all reels except the centre reel in the Base Game and the Free Spins Bonus. The Bonus win is added to any coincidental line wins. 4 Bonuses and Modifiers 4.1 Nudge Up modifier After a Reel Spin, if there is no Wild symbol on the centre reel and no line win, then the centre reel may step backwards until a Wild symbol is revealed. This can only happen in the Base Game. In the Base Game and the Bonus Game if there is no line win and there is a Wild on the centre reel, from either a reel spin or a nudge, then one or more of the other reels may step backwards until a Fixed Prize is revealed. One or more of these modifiers may be activated if these criteria are met. Any Coins or Fixed Prizes, already in view, will be awarded as normal. 4.2 Egg Bonuses There are 3 eggs above the reels. When the Wild Dragon symbol is on the centre mini reel it may activate one or more of them. The size of the eggs does not affect the activation chance. The Coin Boost and Multiply eggs can only be activated if there is at least one Coin symbol on the reels. Fixed Prizes and line wins are not boosted or multiplied. In the Base Game, Coin Boost and Coin Multiply are only available during the game that activated them and in any Free Spins activated within that Base Game. If Coin Boost or Coin Multiply are activated during the Free Spins, they remain active for the duration of that Free Spins. 4.3 Coins and the Coin Boost and Coin Multiply Coins have a monetary value on them. These values are proportionate to the Base Game Stake. The potential values are 0.40, 0.80 and 1.40. Coins can only be awarded if the Wild symbol lands on the centre reel. The value may be boosted or multiplied if the relevant bonus is activated. Coins are first boosted and then multiplied if both bonuses are active. Coin Boost amounts range from 0.60 to 10.00. Coin Multiply amounts range from x2 to x25. 4.4 Fixed Prizes The game features 4 Fixed Prizes: Mini, Minor, Major and Grand. These prizes can appear on all reels except the centre reel in the Base Game and the Free Spins Bonus. They are only awarded if the Wild symbol lands on the centre reel. The Fixed Prizes are proportionate to the Base Game Stake. The Fixed Prizes values are: Mini Prize – 4.00 Minor Prize – 10.00 Major Prize – 75.00 Grand Prize – 1,000.00 4.5 Free Spins When the middle egg is activated by the wild on the centre reel, 6 Free Spins are awarded. Any Coin Boost or Coin Multiply activated at the same time will persist throughout the Free Spins bonus. The Wild symbol is fixed in position on the centre reel for the duration of the Free Spins. During the Free Spins the Wild symbol may activate one or more of Coin Boost, Free Spins and Coin Multiply. If Free Spins are activated during this bonus, another 6 Free Spins are awarded. The middle egg is reset to level 0 after being activated and has the potential to be reactivated again during the same Free Spins Bonus. If Coin Boost or Coin Multiply are awarded during Free Spins, they remain active until the end of the Free Spins bonus. 5 Other features 5.1 Fortune Bet Fortune Bet is an alternative to Standard Spins. Activating Fortune Bet allows you to select a new bet multiplier of 1.5x the current Baste Stake. Activating the Fortune Bet increased the Frequency of the Free Spins Bonus and increase the average win from the Free Spins Bonus. The awards and Big Win thresholds remain the same as the Base Stake. 5.2 Bonus Buy Bonus Buy allows you to purchase direct entry into the Free Spins Bonus and choose the if the bonus starts with the Coin Boost or Coin Multiply active, or both. When the Bonus Buy button is pressed, you are presented with the 4 possible options:6 Free Spins 6 Free Spins with Coin Boost active 6 Free Spins with Coin Multiply active 6 Free Spins with Coin Boost and Coin Multiply active The base stake can also be changed and changing this alters the cost of each option. All awards are determined by the current Base Stake. 5.3 Spin Chance Spin Chance is triggered automatically if the credit is reduced below the current price of play, yet is still greater than zero. Spin Chance offers the player an opportunity to wager their remaining credit in an attempt at winning an additional spin at the current bet. To play Spin Chance, select the ‘PLAY’ button to begin moving the pointer across the meter. Alternatively, select the ‘NO THANKS’ button to exit Spin Chance with the remaining credit. If the pointer stops on the green segment, a spin at the current bet is awarded and plays automatically. If the pointer stops on the red segment, the player loses any remaining credit and exits to the base game. The red and green segments are proportional to the amount of credit in relation to the current bet. The chance of winning a spin is determined by this ratio. 6 General Information 6.1 Game Recovery In the event of an unexpected interruption/termination of a real play game, the game will recover to the last known state. 6.2 Payback Information Your odds of getting any particular outcome are always the same. This reflects the theoretical return across a very large number of plays, over an extended period of time. Any combination of wins in a single game is limited and will not exceed 250,000.00. It may not be possible to reach this limit in a single game from every stake configuration. This game has been independently fairness tested. The expected payback for the Standard game is 94.50%. The expected payback for the Fortune Spins game is 94.50%. The expected payback for the Bonus Buy game is 94.50%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 11/8/2024