Intensive Scare Game Objective Intensive Scare is a five-reel, fifty-pay line slot game with Free Spins feature. When 3 or more scattered EXIT symbols appear anywhere in view, Intensive Scare Feature game is awarded to the player. The free spins feature cannot be retriggered within free spins. Game Information: The Betting limits are shown on the game screen Title bar. Game is played with 50 fixed lines. How to play: Click on anywhere on intro screen to play the game Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet per line is set for all 50 lines, resulting in a total bet. You can choose to increase or decrease the bet per line by using the ◄ and ► buttons available to the Left & Right of the 'BET' indicator on the game screen respectively. If your game balance drops below your total bet placed, total bet will not get adjusted to the next possible bet instead Re-buy window will appear. If you have no funds in your account, the deposit option will pop up. Max Bet: To play with 50 lines and max bet per line, click on 'MAX BET'. If your game balance is not sufficient, this option is disabled. All the 50 lines are multiplied by the selected 'bet per line', and the total bet amount is displayed in the 'TOTAL BET' meter , which is located at bottom left of the game screen. RULES: To view the game rules player must click on RULES button which is located above the TOTAL BET meter. You can navigate to each page of Rules or Paytable using the buttons available on the screen. Back to the game by clicking on the 'BACK TO MAIN' button. PAYTABLE: The 'PAYTABLE' can be viewed by clicking on the 'PAYTABLE’ button located above the TOTAL BET meter. To calculate the payout amount, multiply the respective prize with the bet per line. Note that to calculate the payout for scattered EXIT symbol, multiply the respective prize with the total bet. You can go back to the game by clicking on the ‘BACK TO MAIN button. SPIN: Click on SPIN to start spinning the reels. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on all the selected lines, or any scatter wins, will be paid according to the paytable. Result: Any wins are indicated by their paylines highlighted and symbols animating or, in the case of a scatter win, by their symbols animating. The individual payline wins are shown at the end of each winning line. PAID: Any Line win and/or Scatter win is shown in the ticker area under the five reels. Repeat Bet/Change Bet: If you have already bet, the settings selected will be automatically carried over to the subsequent spin if there is sufficient amount. Simply click on 'SPIN' to play with the same bet again. To change your bet, use the ◄ and ► buttons near the 'BET' indicator as explained above. Credits: Your remaining game balance, after you have placed the desired bet, is shown under 'TOTAL CREDITS'. Which is located at bottom left of the game screen. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed in 'TOTAL CREDIT' meter and 'TOTAL BET' meter. 'AUTOSPIN': You can make use of this feature to choose amongst the various options for 'hands free' game play. Options available under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will automatically spin for the number of spins selected from the drop-down menu. You can choose any number of games and play until your balance is less than the total bet placed. Spin till win is equal to or exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount selected from the drop down menu. Spin till any win: The game will automatically spin until the next win. Spin till feature trigger: The game will automatically spin until the next feature is triggered. Spin till my balance exceeds or equals to: The game will automatically spin until the game balance is greater than or equal to the amount entered. Note that 'game balance' implies the sum of the amounts given in 'CREDITS' meter and 'TOTAL BET' meter. Spin till my balance falls below or equals to: The game will automatically spin until the game balance is less than or equal to the amount entered. Note that 'Game balance' implies the sum of amounts given in 'CREDITS' meter and 'TOTAL BET' meter. Play faster: This option lets you play faster than usual by reducing the break time. You must choose at least one of the other available Auto Spin options before selecting 'Play Faster'. To make use of the auto spin feature, click on the 'AUTO SPIN' button at the bottom of the game screen. When the auto spin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Select from the drop-down menu where applicable. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Click on 'CANCEL' to return to the game screen. You can deactivate 'AUTO SPIN' by clicking on the 'STOP SPIN' button. If spin is in progress, 'AUTO SPIN' will be stopped after completing the current spin. Otherwise 'AUTO SPIN' is stopped immediately. When playing with multiple 'AUTO SPIN' options, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be ignored. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again, or choose new option(s), and proceed with the 'AUTO SPIN'. Please note: The 'AUTOSPIN' option is not available in play money mode. Click on 'GAME LOGS' to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on 'GAME RULES' to view the current version number & game rules of the game. Click on 'REBUY' to buy more credits into the game from your Account. Click on 'EXIT GAME' to leave the game and return to the Lobby. Click on 'QUICK DEPOSIT' button to deposit money into your Account. The game rules are identical in both real money and play money modes. Game Rules: Play 50 lines. LINES can’t be changed. BET amount can be changed by using the ◄ and ► buttons. SPIN begins the game with the currently selected BET and all 50 LINES. MAX BET selects the maximum bet for 50 lines. Payouts are displayed on the Paytable. Payline wins are multiplied by the amount bet per line. Highest win amount is paid on each payline. Coinciding wins on different lines are all added to your total. Scatter wins are multiplied by total bet and added to payline wins. All wins occur on pay lines, except for scattered EXIT Symbol which pays anywhere in view. Wins in the feature will be added to game balance All symbols pay from left to right only except for scattered EXIT symbol which pays anywhere in view. Intensive Scare Logo Wild symbol substitutes for all other symbols except the Scattered EXIT symbol. Intensive Scare Logo Wild symbol works only in conjunction with other symbols except the Scattered EXIT symbol. Payline and Scatter wins are paid only after WILD expansion . If Wild symbol together with three or more scatter symbols appear anywhere in view in the base game, then the wild expansion will be shown first followed by the free spins feature. Malfunctions Voids all Pays and Plays . Win Multiplier: By default when the game is opened for the first time, the Multiplier available is 1. In all later game sessions, the multiplier highlighted will be the one selected (if activated) by the player in their last game session. When Wild symbol lan d s in the reel view during base game or free spins, it causes at least one random character symbols to be bitten by a zombie except scatter symbols and change into a zombified version of themselves. These symbols act as wilds. The Intensive Scare Logo wild symbol can appear only on reel 1,2,3,4 during the base game or free spin game Minimum number of symbols that can be turned in to Wild is 2 including the triggered wild, and the maximum number of symbols that can be turned in to Wild is 12 including the triggered wild, during base game and free spins when wild expands on the reels. The zombified symbols of the characters are as follows: Doctor Zombified Doctor Nurse Zombified Nurse Janitor Zombified Janitor Security Guard Zombified Security Guard Hazard Suit Zombified Hazard Suit Soldier Zombified Soldier Geek Zombified Geek Granny Zombified Granny Nun Zombified Nun Businessman Zombified Businessman When the symbols get infected the patient on the left of the game screen changes to anyone higher random stage of zombie. The first time wild symbol lands in the reel view, it changes into a zombie and the game logo swings open to reveal help text to the player. The patient on the left of game screen has total ten stages to turn in to a complete zombie from human stage and the stages are as follows: Once the patient has done a complete cycle during the base game, the patient reverts to human mode (stage 1) only after the next click on Spin button or on game relaunch. Once a cycle is completed the next Multiplier becomes active. When the patient on the left of the game screen has been through a full zombie conversion for the first time, the game logo swings down to reveal help text to the player. The player now has the option to choose between the newly activated multiplier and the previous multiplier before clicking Spin. Player can opt to choose any one multiplier from the available activated multipliers only before clicking spin. All the remaining games will be played with the selected multiplier until player chooses to change it. The activated multipliers will be available for ever to select and play the games. The maximum multiplier awarded for the game is 5. The multipliers earned in Down load client will not reflect in Instant casino client and vice versa. FREE SPINS FEATURE: The Intensive Scare Feature game is triggered when 3 or more Scattered EXIT symbols appear anywhere in view. The first screen of the bonus game shows the instructions of how the game is played. When player clicks anywhere on the screen the instructions raise up and the feature game screen is shown. The signs on the top left corner act as player instructions. The relevant instruction flickers to instruct the player. The player has to choose a weapon by clicking on it from the six weapons that are laid out in front of the zombies on the gurney. When the weapon selection is made, it disappears from the gurney and the mouse pointer changes to an icon representing the weapon. One weapon can be used only once to kill one zombie at a time by clicking on the zombie after selecting the weapon, which awards random number of free spins. If the player manages to kill all four zombies and clear the corridor, win screen appears informing player the total number of free spins won. However, the feature game can be interrupted after killing of any zombie by a zombie jumping up in the foreground of the game and attacking the player. This ends the bonus round informing player the total number of free spins won. After feature game play has finished the player can start free spins by clicking anywhere on the free spins win message screen. All free spins are played with the same bet/multiplier as the triggering spin. During free spins, if the zombie reaches the 10 th stage the next multiplier gets activated but the game play will continue with the multiplier which was selected at the time of triggering FREE SPINS till all the free spins are completed. Player will get an option to choose the new multiplier only after the free spins are completed. If a new multiplier is selected, then it will apply from the next spin onwards and until player opts to change it. The Free Spins feature cannot be retriggered during free spins. Once all the free spins are completed, normal game is restored. Maximum number of free spins that can be awarded is 50. Paytable: Click on 'PAYTABLE’ button in the main game screen, game will navigate to Paytable screen. Pay Table Images: Rules: Click on 'RULES’ button in the main game screen, game will navigate to Rules screen. The theoretical return to player of this game is at least 95.54% depending on the multiplier selected. Pay lines images: Adding funds to your Account To add funds to your Account, click on 'DEPOSIT' in the 'Cashier' menu, then select the desired deposit option (Play Anywhere clients) or click on 'DEPOSIT' in the 'Cashier' option on left panel in Main Lobby, then select the desired deposit option (Download clients). You can also add funds to your account by clicking on 'REBUY' on the game screen and then clicking on 'DEPOSIT NOW'. The time taken to transfer funds and the fees charged will vary depending on which deposit option you choose. What do I do if I reach my betting limits? If your game balance drops below the minimum bet, Buy-In window will be automatically presented. To add funds to your Account, click on the 'DEPOSIT' option in the 'Cashier' menu in the Main Lobby (Play Anywhere clients) or click on 'DEPOSIT' in the 'Cashier' option on left panel in Main Lobby, then select the desired deposit option (Download clients), or click the 'DEPOSIT NOW' button in the 'Buy-In' window of any game. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete the game for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game Logs' button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected after triggering or in the middle of the Free Spins feature, on reconnection, the software will automatically start the Free Spins Game, if not already started, or resume from where it was disconnected. After completing the free spins, you can resume playing the same game, or you can select another game of your choice. If you get disconnected after a Wild symbol appears and before the expansion, on reconnection Wild symbol expansion occurs and the wins are displayed. However if you get disconnected after the expansion, on reconnection the wins are not shown and the player has to find out the result in Game Logs. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team. Last modification date: 1/31/2017