24H 1. Overview The goal is to obtain a winning combination on at least one of 243 ways spread across the reels. Game specifications: Type Slots Number of reels 5 Number of rows 3 Number of ways 243 Number of coins 25 Progressive No Double feature No Autospin feature Yes Wild symbols Yes Multiplier symbols Yes (during the bonus round) Scatter symbols No Bonus round Yes Free s pins Yes Instant win No RTP 96.07% at max bet Jackpot 5000 coins per way, at max bet 125 000 coins in bonus at, max bet The game disconnects if you do not take any actions for a specific number of consecutive minutes (this number varies depending on jurisdiction); the session recovery feature will save the game progress so that the next time the game is loaded, you can continue where you left off. In the event of technical difficulties resulting a dropped connection to the game server, the game you were playing is saved automatically and will load the next time you establish a connection to the game server. You will not be able to reconnect to the game server for the first 30 seconds after the disconnection. Note : In case of malfunction all pays and play are voided; any bet that was not yet accepted will be voided, any bet that was unsettled will be refunded. 2. How to Play Note: If you do not have enough money to play a game, the bet can be set to the minimum selectable amount through a dialog window informing about this. All winning ways pay from left to right. Winnings on different ways are all added. Only the highest winning combination on each way is paid. Winnings from the bonus round and free spins are added to the total win. 2.1. Flash version Note : On the info bar located under the main game buttons, you can view the current BET, your BALANCE and your current WINNINGS, in your currency. To play, follow these steps: Use the coin value select button to choose a coin value. The coin value select button is located in the bottom-left side of the main game screen and shows the currently selected coin value. Click one of the BET buttons to place a bet and spin the reels one time or you can use the left and right arrows on your keyboard to select a BET and then click SPIN . To place the same bet again and spin the reel one more time, click SPIN . Note : BET 1 places a bet of 1x number of coins, BET 2 places a bet of 2x number of coins, BET 3 places a bet of 3x number of coins, BET 4 places a bet of 4x number of coins and BET 5 places a bet of 5x number of coins. Your bet will be: the coin bet (BET 1, 2, 3, 4 or 5) times 25 coins times coin value . The total amount won, in your currency, according to the paytable, is shown in the WINNINGS box. For each winning combination, the amount won is the number of adjacent winning symbols multiplied by the amount shown in the paytable for the number of reels involved in the win. The number of adjacent winning symbols is calculated by multiplying the number of winning symbols on each reel. For example, if there is 1 winning symbol on reel 1, 1 winning symbol on reel 2 and 2 winning symbols on reel 3, then the number of adjacent winning symbols is 1 x 1 x 2 = 2. In this case, the number of reels involved in the win is 3 - in the paytable, you can view the gain for 3 reels for the winning symbol. 3. Special Symbols and Features 3.1. Wild The Wild symbol replaces any other symbol except Bonus and Free Spins . 3.2. Bonus Three or more Bonus symbols anywhere on the reels trigger the bonus round during which you have to disarm the bomb. The number of Bonus symbols that trigger the bonus round determine the minutes you have to disarm the bomb. Each wire you cut - in the Flash version, or each green button you tap - in the Mobile version, reduces the time you have by one minute and awards one of the following: a random amount, between 5 and 100 x total bet a random multiplier: x2, x3, x4, x5, x6, x7, x8, x9 or x10 Each multiplier you win also gives an additional minute. The multiplier you win is applied to the next amount you win from cutting a wire; if two or more multipliers are won consecutively, only the last one is applied. Bonus winnings are added to the total WINNINGS. 3.3. Free Spins The Free Spins symbol can appear only on the third reel. When the Free Spins symbol appears, it triggers 10 free spins. During each free spin, one of the following happens: one or more random symbols are shot by a hand gun and are turned into Wilds a machine gun starts shooting and a random reel is turned into Wild the bad guys throw a bomb and a 2x2 block of symbols (4 symbols) is turned into Wild Additional free spins can be triggered during free spins. Free spins winnings are added to the total WINNINGS. Note: You cannot change the bet during free spins. 4. Autospin feature The loss limit setting allows stopping the autospin feature automatically when the selected limit plus your cumulative winnings minus your cumulative bets is less than 0. Note: The autospin feature does not automatically start free spins or the bonus round - player input is required. 4.1. Flash version Click the AUTO SPIN button to open the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window where you can set up the autospin feature. On the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window, you can set up the following: Loss limit - enter a number for the loss limit value or use the left and the right arrow buttons to select a number for the loss limit value Stop if WIN reaches - to enable this setting, click the button on its left side and then enter a number for the WIN value or use the left and the right arrow buttons to select a number for the WIN value; click the button on its left side again to disable it Stop if JACKPOT is won - (only for games with Progressive Jackpots or with a specific Jackpot value displayed) - to enable this setting, click the button on its left side; click the button on its left side again to disable it Number of AUTO SPINS to play - use the left and the right arrow buttons to select the number of autospins Click START to close the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window and start the autospin feature with the currently selected bet and number of autospins or click CANCEL to close the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window without starting the autospin feature. Click the STOP xx/yy button to stop the autospin feature at any time; xx represents the remaining number of autospins and yy represents the number of autospins to play that you selected on the AUTO SPINS SETTINGS window. 5. Other game buttons 5.1. Flash version The following buttons are available: PAYTABLE - click to open the paytable where you can view: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in your currency information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts or specific awards the available keyboard shortcuts and short game rules STOP - (available only while the reels are spinning) click this button to stop the reels faster SKIP - (available during winning animations) click this button to skip winning animations settings window button - in the top-right corner of the main game screen, click the settings button to open the Settings window where you can manage sound volumes, view gameplay history or view detailed game rules Note : To close the Settings window you can click anywhere on the main game screen, or, in the top-left corner of the Settings window, click the return button. sound button - in the Settings window, click SOUND to open the sounds and volume panel where you can use sliders to manage Winning, Game and Background sounds or the general Volume; click SAVE to save any changes you make Note : To quickly mute or unmute all game sounds, in the Settings window, click the button displayed on the right side of SOUND. rules button - in the Settings window, click RULES to view detailed game rules in a new browser window history button - (in real mode only) in the Settings window, click HISTORY to view the gameplay history full screen button - in the Settings window, click FULLSCREEN to go to full screen mode; to exit full screen, click the button again or press ESC on your keyboard BACK - when you are in the paytable, click BACK to return to the main game screen Last modification date: 3/30/2017