Absolute Super Reels 1. Overview The goal is to obtain a winning combination on a winning line spread across the reels. Game specifications: Type Slots Number of reels 3+2 (two additional reels) Number of rows 3 Number of lines 5 (fixed) Number of coins you can bet per line 15 (fixed) Progressive Yes Double feature No Autospin feature Yes Wild symbols No Multiplier symbols Yes (2X, 5X, 10X) Scatter symbols No Bonus round No Free s pins Yes (Respin symbol) Instant win 50, 150, 750, 1000 Coins RTP 95.24% Jackpot Progressive The game disconnects if you do not take any actions for a specific number of consecutive minutes (this number varies depending on jurisdiction); the session recovery feature will save the game progress so that the next time the game is loaded, you can continue where you left off. In the event of technical difficulties resulting a dropped connection to the game server, the game you were playing is saved automatically and will load the next time you establish a connection to the game server. You will not be able to reconnect to the game server for the first 30 seconds after the disconnection. Note : In case of malfunction all pays and play are voided; any bet that was not yet accepted will be voided, any bet that was unsettled will be refunded. 2. How to Play Note: If you do not have enough money to play a game, the bet can be set to the minimum selectable amount through a dialog window informing about this. All winning lines pay from left to right. Wins on different selected lines are all added. Only the highest winning combination on each selected line is paid. Winnings from free spins are added to the total win. On the info bar located at the bottom of the main game screen, you can view the current BET, your BALANCE and your current WIN, in your currency, and your current CREDIT, in coins. 2.1. Flash version To play, follow these steps: Click the coin value select button and then select a coin value from the list. Note: The total bet, in coins, is displayed in the TOTAL BET box. Click to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won, in coins, according to the paytable, is shown in the WINNINGS box. For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination from the first three reels and the win from Instant Win reel (if any), multiplied by any multiplier appearing in the correct position on the fifth reel. The total amount won, in your currency, is shown on the info bar (WIN) and is the total amount you won in coins multiplied by the coin value. 2.2. Mobile version To play, follow these steps: Tap to show the coin value selection panel then swipe up or down to choose a coin value. Tap to return to the main screen. Note: The total bet, in your currency, is displayed on the info bar (Bet). Tap the Spin button to spin the reels one time. The total amount won, in coins, according to the paytable, is shown in the Win popup. For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination from the first three reels and the win from Instant Win reel (if any), multiplied by any multiplier appearing in the correct position on the fifth reel. The total amount won, in your currency, is shown on the info bar (Win) and is the total amount you won in coins multiplied by the coin value. 3. Special Symbols and Features 3.1. The Respin symbol The Respin symbol can only appear on the Multiplier Reel - in the middle of the right most fifth reel. If the Respin symbol appears on an active winning line, on the fifth reel (right most), three to seven free games are awarded. During free games, if the Respin symbol appears on the middle position of the fifth reel on an active winning line, then three to seven free games are awarded. These additional free games are added to the current free spins left counter and played continuously until all free spins are completed. There is no limit to how many free spins that can be won during free spins. Note: During the free spins, the amount bet remains the same as the spin that awarded the free spins. The coin value cannot be changed during free spins. 3.2. Instant Win Reel winnings The additional win on the Instant win reel will be awarded only if an instant win symbol appears on a winning payline on the 4th reel. The additional winnings that can be won are 50, 150, 750, 1000 coins. Note: If the Instant Win symbol appears on more than one winning line, the additional Instant Win winnings are awarded only once. 3.3. Multiplier Reel If the Respin symbol appears on an active winning line, on the fifth reel (right most), three to seven free games are awarded. If X2, X5 or X10 appear in the middle position of the fifth reel, the normal winnings of that spin (if there’s any) will be multiplied by the number shown in the multiplier symbol; the Instant Win amount will be multiplied as well (if present). 3.4. Progressive Jackpot The RTP displayed in the Overview section includes the Progressive Jackpot RTP as well. Note: You cannot win the Progressive Jackpot during free spins. Only the combination of 3 Absolute Super Reels symbols, Instant Win with 1000 on the 4th reel and '10X' Multiplier in the 5th Reel on a winning line qualifies for the Progressive Jackpot winnings. If the Progressive Jackpot is won in a spin, then the Progressive Jackpot amount and any other type of bets pay according to the Paytable; the normal payline win for the Absolute Super Reels symbol combination will not be paid. With every bet, the base progressive jackpot value (the progressive pool) is increased with 0.5% of that bet. Note: The base progressive value (progressive pool) is a value stored in Euros and it is associated to a coin value of 10 Euros (which may not be available for you to select in the game): 500,000.00 seed + any 0.5% increments from all bets. The Progressive Jackpot counters display the progressive jackpot value for the currently selected coin value. The displayed jackpot value is proportional to the selected coin value and is a portion of the progressive pool, calculated depending on the currently selected coin value. Note : The maximum available progressive is paid when playing with the maximum available coin value. Jackpot Seed examples (in your currency): Coin value 0.01 Jackpot Seed Value 500 Coin value 0.0 2 Jackpot Seed Value 1000 The Jackpot value is refreshed once every 3 seconds. Depending on the clients’ internet service provider as well as their hardware, server-to-client delays will vary from player to player and from message to message. Between two successive refreshes of the Progressive Jackpot counter, it is possible for two or more players to win the jackpot in close succession. In this case, the first player that wins the Jackpot is awarded the Progressive Jackpot amount in full, while the subsequent winner is awarded the minimum guaranteed Progressive Jackpot, as well as 0.5% of the bets placed between the two successive Jackpot wins. 4. Autospin feature The loss limit setting allows stopping the autospin feature automatically when the selected limit plus your cumulative winnings minus your cumulative bets is less than 0. 4.1. Desktop version Click the AUTO SPIN button to open the AUTO SPIN settings window where you can set up the following: Number of auto spins : click the current Number of auto spin value, use the on-screen number pad to enter a value (tap X to clear your selection and start again) and then confirm your selection; click to close the on-screen number pad without confirming move the slider for this setting left or right to set a lower or a higher value Stop if a win reaches - to enable this setting, move the adjacent On/Off switch to On (move to Off to disable it) and then you can: click + to select a higher value or click – to select a lower value click the current value, use the on-screen number pad to enter a value (tap X to clear your selection and start again) and then confirm your selection; click to close the on-screen number pad without confirming Stop if JACKPOT is won - (only for games with Progressive Jackpots or with a specific Jackpot value displayed) - to enable this setting, move the adjacent On/Off switch to On; move to Off to disable it Loss limit : click + to select a higher value or click – to select a lower value click the current loss limit value, use the on-screen number pad to enter a value (tap X to clear your selection and start again) and then confirm your selection; click to close the on-screen number pad without confirming Click ACTIVATE to close the AUTO SPIN settings window and start the auto spin feature with the currently selected bet and auto spin setup. Click CANCEL to close the AUTO SPIN settings window without starting the auto spin feature. Click the STOP AUTO SPIN button to stop the auto spin feature at any time. 4.2. Mobile version Tap the Auto Spin button to open the AUTO SPIN settings window where you can set up the following: Number of auto spins to play : tap the current Number of auto spin value, use the on-screen number pad to enter a value (tap X to clear your selection and start again) and then confirm your selection; tap to close the on-screen number pad without confirming move the slider for this setting left or right to set a lower or a higher value Stop if a win reaches - to enable this setting, move the adjacent On/Off switch to On (move to Off to disable it) and then you can: tap + to select a higher value or tap – to select a lower value tap the current value, use the on-screen number pad to enter a value (tap X to clear your selection and start again) and then confirm your selection; tap to close the on-screen number pad without confirming Stop if JACKPOT is won - (only for games with Progressive Jackpots or with a specific Jackpot value displayed) - to enable this setting, move the adjacent On/Off switch to On; move to Off to disable it Loss limit : tap + to select a higher value or tap – to select a lower value tap the current loss limit value, use the on-screen number pad to enter a value (tap X to clear your selection and start again) and then confirm your selection; tap to close the on-screen number pad without confirming Tap ACTIVATE to close the AUTO SPIN settings window and start the auto spin feature with the currently selected bet and of auto spin setup. Tap to close the AUTO SPIN settings window without starting the auto spin feature. To stop the Auto Spin at any time, on the main game screen, tap . 5. Other game buttons 5.1. Desktop version The following buttons are available: Click to open the paytable where you can view: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in coins information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts or specific awards the game lines and basic game rules (available only while the reels are spinning) Click this button to stop the reels faster. (available during winning animations) Click this button to skip winning animations. SETTINGS PANNEL In the top right corner of the main game screen, click the settings button (list symbol) to open the Settings panel where you can manage sound volumes, enable/disable the turbo feature, view gameplay history or view detailed game rules. Note : To close the Settings panel, you can click anywhere on the main game screen or click . FULLSCREEN In the Settings panel, click this button to go to full screen mode; to exit full screen mode, click this button again or press ESC on your keyboard. SOUND In the Settings panel, click this button to open the sounds and volume panel where you can use sliders to manage Winning, Effects and Music volumes or the General Volume. Note : To quickly mute all game sounds, in the Settings panel, move the On/Off switch adjacent to SOUND to OFF (move to ON to enable sounds). HISTORY (in real mode only) In the Settings panel, click this button to view the gameplay history. TURBO In the Settings panel, move the On/Off switch adjacent to TURBO to ON to enable the turbo feature which speeds up the gameplay (spin time is reduced to a minimum); move to ON to disable this feature. Note : You cannot enable or disable the turbo feature while the autospin feature is active. RULES In the Settings panel, click this button to view detailed game rules in a new browser window. 5.2. Mobile version The following buttons are available: On the main screen, tap the Settings button to open the Settings panel where you can view the available options. In the Settings panel, tap the Info button to open the paytable where you can view: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in coins information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts or specific awards the game lines, basic game rules In the Settings panel, tap the Settings button to open the SETTINGS window where you can use sliders to manage Winning, Effects and Music volumes or the General Volume. In the SETTINGS window, next to Left handed mode , move the On/Off switch to ON to enable the left handed mode (buttons from the left side of the screen will be displayed on the right side and buttons from the right side will be displayed on the left side) - available for landscape view only; move that switch to OFF to go back to the default right handed mode. In the Settings panel, tap the Turbo button to enable the turbo feature which speeds up the gameplay (spin time is reduced to a minimum). Note : You cannot enable or disable the turbo feature while the autospin feature is active. In the Settings panel, tap the Sound button to toggle the general game sound (you can also open the SETTINGS window to manage sound volumes). In the Settings panel, tap the Clock button to view the gameplay history. In the Settings panel, tap the Rules button to view detailed game rules in a new browser window. On the main screen, tap the Home button to close the game and open the home website, in the same browser window. In the Settings panel, in the SETTINGS window or in the paytable, tap this button to return to the main screen. (available during winning animations) Tap this button to skip winning animations. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 7/9/2020