Alice Adventure 1. Overview The goal is to obtain a winning combination on a winning line spread across the reels. Game specifications : Type Slots Number of reels 5 Number of rows 3 Number of lines 1 to 30 Number of coins you can bet per line 1 to 10 Progressive No Double feature No Autospin feature Yes Wild symbols Yes Multiplier symbols Yes (Wild) Scatter symbols Yes Bonus round Yes Free s pins Yes (Bonus) Instant win No RTP 94.96% Jackpot 10 000 coins per line (at max bet, with no multipliers present) The game disconnects if you do not take any actions for a specific number of consecutive minutes (this number varies depending on jurisdiction); the session recovery feature will save the game progress so that the next time the game is loaded, you can continue where you left off. In the event of technical difficulties resulting a dropped connection to the game server, the game you were playing is saved automatically and will load the next time you establish a connection to the game server. You will not be able to reconnect to the game server for the first 30 seconds after the disconnection. Note : In case of malfunction all pays and play are voided; any bet that was not yet accepted will be voided, any bet that was unsettled will be refunded. 2. How to Play Note: If you do not have enough money to play a game, the bet can be set to the minimum selectable amount through a dialog window informing about this. All winning lines pay from left to right. Wins on different selected lines are all added. Only the highest winning combination on each selected line is paid. Winnings from free spins are added to the total win. 2.1. Flash version Note : On the info bar located under the main game buttons, you can view the current BET, your BALANCE and your current WINNINGS, in your currency. To play, follow these steps: Use the coin value select button to choose a coin value. The coin value select button is located in the bottom-left side of the main game screen and shows the currently selected coin value. Use the LINE BET button to choose the amount of coins you want to bet on each active line. Use the LINES button to choose the number of active lines. Note : The current bet amount, in your currency, is displayed in the BET box. Click SPIN to place the bet and spin the reels once. You can click the BET MAX button to place the maximum bet (maximum number of coins per line) for the currently selected coin value and spin the reels once. The total amount won, in your currency, according to the paytable, is shown in the WINNINGS box. For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination multiplied by the coin value and by the line bet. 3. Special Symbols and Features 3.1. Wild Reel This symbol appears only during free spins and can replace any other symbol except Wild multiplier, Scatter and Bonus; when this symbol appears, it will remain throughout the free spins. Note: More than one Wild Reel symbols can appear during free spins. 3.2. Alice Wild Replaces any symbols except Wild Reel, Wild multiplier, Scatter and Bonus. 3.3. Wild Multipliers The Wild multiplier symbols replace any symbol except Alice Wild, Wild Reel, Scatter and Bonus. The number shown on the multiplier symbol will multiply the wins per line. If several multiplier symbols are present on a winning active line, the total multiplier will be calculated by multiplying the numbers shown on the Wild multiplier symbols. 3.4. Scatter Scatters pay anywhere on the reels, according to the paytable. 3.5. Bonus Three or more Bonus symbols anywhere on the reels, award 5, 8 or 15 free spins (depending on the player’s choice during the bonus round) in Base game and in Free spins. Note : During the free spins, you are not allowed to change the coin value. The bonus can be won during free spins. Once the Bonus round is started, the player has to choose the desired Free Spins from: 5 Free Spins with a 6X multiplier 8 Free Spins with a 3X multiplier 15 Free Spins with a 1X multiplier These multipliers apply only to the specific free spins. Note: The Free Spins awarded by the Bonus round are played with the same bet lines, bet per line and coin value as the round that activated the Free Spins - during the free spins, you are not allowed to change the coin value. The Bonus can be won indefinitely during free spins – when three or more Bonus symbols appear scattered on the reels. The multiplier chosen when starting the free spins is valid only for those specific free spins. Any Bonus won during free spins will be added to a 'stack' of collected symbols; in the Flash version, the stack is displayed on the left side of the game screen, in the Mobile version, the number of symbols in the stack is displayed in the top-right side of the game screen. The Wild Reel symbol can appear on any reel but only during the free spins. When a Wild Reel symbol appears, it will extend and remain in place until the free games of that type are completed. The Wild Reel symbol can appear on any reel and more than one can be active at the same time; it replaces any symbol except Wild multipliers, Scatter and Bonus. If free spins are won during free spins, the extended reels are reset when each set of free spins is completed. After completing the Free Spins and upon returning to the normal game screen, the winnings are added to the final balance. 4. Autospin feature The loss limit setting allows stopping the autospin feature automatically when the selected limit plus your cumulative winnings minus your cumulative bets is less than 0. Note : The autospin feature does not automatically start the bonus round or free spins – player input is required. 4.1. Flash version Click the AUTO SPIN button to open the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window, where you can set up the autospin feature. On the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window, you can set up the following: Loss limit – enter a number for the loss limit value or use the left and the right arrow buttons to select a number for the loss limit value Stop if WIN reaches – to enable this setting, click the button on its left side and then enter a number for the WIN value or use the left and the right arrow buttons to select a number for the WIN value; click the button on its left side again to disable it Stop if JACKPOT is won - (only for games with Progressive Jackpots or with a specific Jackpot value displayed) - to enable this setting, click the button on its left side; click the button on its left side again to disable it Number of AUTO SPINS to play – use the left and the right arrow buttons to select the number of autospins Click START to close the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window and start the autospin feature with the currently selected bet and number of autospins or click CANCEL to close the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window without starting the autospin feature. Click the STOP xx/yy button to stop the autospin feature at any time; xx represents the remaining number of autospins and yy represents the number of autospins to play that you selected on the AUTO SPINS SETTINGS window. 5. Other game buttons 5.1. Flash version The following buttons are available: i – click to open the paytable where you can view: information about the payout for the winning combinations, in coins information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payout or specific awards STOP – (available only while the reels are spinning) click this button to stop the reels faster SKIP – (available during winning animations) click this button to skip winning animations game options button - in the top right corner of the game screen, click the wrench symbol to open the game options window where you can move sliders to manage winning, game and background sounds or the general volume; click SAVE to close the options window and save any changes you make or click CANCEL to close the options window without saving sound button - in the top right corner of the screen, click the speaker symbol to toggle the game sound rules button – in the top right corner of the game screen, click the ? symbol to view detailed game rules in a new browser window history button – (in real mode only) in the top right corner of the game screen, click the clock symbol to view the gameplay history close button – in the top right corner of the game screen, click X to close the game full screen button – in the top right corner of the game screen, click the button next to X to go to full screen mode; to exit full screen, click the button again or press ESC on your keyboard BACK - when you are in the paytable, click BACK to return to the main game screen The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 7/9/2020