Booster How to Play Note: If you do not have enough money to play a game, the bet can be set to the minimum selectable amount through a dialog window informing about this. All winning lines pay from left to right. Wins on different selected lines are all added. Only the highest winning combination on each selected line is paid. Winnings from free spins are added to the total win. On the info bar located at the bottom of the main game screen, you can view the current BET, your BALANCE and your current WIN, in your currency, and your current CREDIT, in coins. To play, follow these steps: Click and then select a coin value from the COIN VALUE list and the number of coins to bet per line from the BET PER LINE list. Note: The total bet, in coins, is displayed in the TOTAL BET box. Click to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won, in coins, according to the paytable, is shown in the WINNINGS box. For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. The total amount won, in your currency, is shown on the info bar (WIN) and is the total amount you won in coins multiplied by the coin value. Special Symbols and Features Bonus Three, four or five BONUS symbols anywhere on the reels will trigger the Bonus Game, when you can win one of the following 6000 coins 5 free spins with a 5X win multiplier 15 free spins 10 free spins, with a 2X win multiplier 100 free spins 50 free spins, with a 2X win multiplier 10 free spins, with a 3X win multiplier a random award that can be either: between 3 and 50 free spins, with a win multiplier between 1 and 5 a number of coins, between 5 and 6000 Note : The Bonus Game cannot be triggered during free spins. You cannot change your bet during free spins. Auto spin feature The loss limit setting allows stopping the auto spin feature automatically when the selected limit plus your cumulative winnings minus your cumulative bets is less than 0. Note : The auto spin feature does not automatically start free spins – player input is required. Click the AUTO SPIN button to open the AUTO SPIN settings window where you can set up the following: Number of auto spins : click the current Number of auto spin value, use the on-screen number pad to enter a value (tap X to clear your selection and start again) and then confirm your selection; click to close the on-screen number pad without confirming move the slider for this setting left or right to set a lower or a higher value Stop if a win reaches - to enable this setting, move the adjacent On/Off switch to On (move to Off to disable it) and then you can: click + to select a higher value or click – to select a lower value click the current value, use the on-screen number pad to enter a value (tap X to clear your selection and start again) and then confirm your selection; click to close the on-screen number pad without confirming Stop if JACKPOT is won - (only for games with Progressive Jackpots or with a specific Jackpot value displayed) - to enable this setting, move the adjacent On/Off switch to On; move to Off to disable it Loss limit : click + to select a higher value or click – to select a lower value click the current loss limit value, use the on-screen number pad to enter a value (tap X to clear your selection and start again) and then confirm your selection; click to close the on-screen number pad without confirming Click ACTIVATE to close the AUTO SPIN settings window and start the auto spin feature with the currently selected bet and auto spin setup. Click CANCEL to close the AUTO SPIN settings window without starting the auto spin feature. Click the STOP AUTO SPIN button to stop the auto spin feature at any time. Other game buttons The following buttons are available: Click to open the paytable where you can view: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in coins information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts or specific awards the game lines and basic game rules (available only while the reels are spinning) Click this button to stop the reels faster. (available during winning animations) Click this button to skip winning animations. SETTINGS PANNEL In the top right corner of the main game screen, click the settings button (list symbol) to open the Settings panel where you can manage sound volumes, enable/disable the turbo feature, view gameplay history or view detailed game rules. Note : To close the Settings panel, you can click anywhere on the main game screen or click . FULLSCREEN In the Settings panel, click this button to go to full screen mode; to exit full screen mode, click this button SOUND In the Settings panel, click this button to open the sounds and volume panel where you can use sliders to manage Winning, Effects and Music volumes or the General Volume. Note : To quickly mute all game sounds, in the Settings panel, move the On/Off switch adjacent to SOUND to OFF HISTORY (in real mode only) In the Settings panel, click this button to view the gameplay history. TURBO In the Settings panel, move the On/Off switch adjacent to TURBO to ON to enable the turbo feature which speeds up the gameplay (spin time is reduced to a minimum); move to ON to disable this feature. Note : You cannot enable or disable the turbo feature while the auto spin feature is active. RULES In the Settings panel, click this button to view detailed game rules in a new browser window. Last modification date: 6/28/2017