Basic Instinct 1. Overview The goal is to obtain a winning combination on at least one of 243 ways spread across the reels. Game specifications : Type Slots Number of reels 5 Number of rows 3 Number of ways 243 Number of coins 50 Progressive Yes Double feature No Autospin feature Yes Wild symbols Yes Multiplier symbols No Scatter symbols No Bonus round Yes Free s pins Yes Instant win No RTP 97.99% Jackpot Progressive The game disconnects if you do not take any actions for a specific number of consecutive minutes (this number varies depending on jurisdiction); the session recovery feature will save the game progress so that the next time the game is loaded, you can continue where you left off. In the event of technical difficulties resulting a dropped connection to the game server, the game you were playing is saved automatically and will load the next time you establish a connection to the game server. You will not be able to reconnect to the game server for the first 30 seconds after the disconnection. Note : In case of malfunction all pays and play are voided; any bet that was not yet accepted will be voided, any bet that was unsettled will be refunded. 2. How to Play Note: If you do not have enough money to play a game, the bet can be set to the minimum selectable amount through a dialog window informing about this. All winning ways pay from left to right. Winnings on different ways are all added. Only the highest winning combination on each way is paid. Winnings from the bonus rounds and free spins are added to the total win. 2.1. Flash version Note : On the info bar located under the main game buttons, you can view the current BET, your BALANCE and your current WINNINGS, in your currency. To play, follow these steps: Use the coin value select button to choose a coin value. The coin value select button is located in the bottom-right side of the main game screen and shows the currently selected coin value. Click one of the BET buttons to place a bet and spin the reels one time or you can use the left and right arrows on your keyboard to select a BET and then click SPIN . To place the same bet again and spin the reels one more time, click SPIN . Note : BET 1 places a bet of 1x coins, BET 2 places a bet of 2x coins, BET 5 places a bet of 5x coins and BET 10 places a bet of 10x coins. Your bet will be: the coin bet (BET 1, 2, 5 or 10) times 50 coins times coin value . The total bet, in your currency, is displayed on each of the BET buttons. The total amount won, in your currency, according to the paytable, is shown in the WINNINGS box. For each winning combination, the amount won, in your currency, is the number of adjacent winning symbols multiplied by the amount shown in the paytable for the number of reels involved in the win multiplied by the coin value. Note : The number of adjacent winning symbols (or ways) is calculated by multiplying the number of winning symbols on each reel. For example, if there is 1 winning symbol on reel 1, 1 winning symbol on reel 2 and 2 winning symbols on reel 3, then the number of adjacent winning symbols is 1 x 1 x 2 = 2. In this case, the number of reels involved in the win is 3 – in the paytable, you can view the gain for 3 reels for the winning symbol. 3. Special Symbols and Features The Wild, Bonus and Free Spins symbols can appear in normal game play as well as during free spins. 3.1. Stacked Wild Exists only on reels 1, 3 and 5. The wild symbol (Wild Drop) exists on the reels in 3 consecutive wild formations (stacked). Note: Can appear on one of the three reels (reels 1, 3 and 5), on two or on all three reels at the same time. If on a reel we have all 3 wilds visible, at the next 2 spins that reel will only go down by 1 position (2nd spin will have 2 visible wilds, 3rd spin will have 1 visible wild). Can replace any symbol except Free Spin or Bonus. Stacked wilds will not be kept when switching from normal play to Free Spin play and vice versa. 3.2. Stacked Free Spins and Wild Exists only on reel 3. Three stacked Free Spin symbols (Free Spins) on the same reel during Base game and Free spins round trigger the Free Spin bonus round. Awards 20 to 50 free spins with no wild reel The free spins symbol acts as a Wild symbol (no matter how many are visible on the reel) Can replace any symbol except Wild or Bonus 3.3. Stacked Bonus and Wild Exists only on reel 3. The Bonus can award one of the following: Only additive values: a random value is chosen between 10 and 500 and the random value is multiplied by the total bet of the spin that awarded the bonus round (average 12x total bet); the resulting amount is split into random parts for the bonus round. Or additive values and Progressive Jackpot The Bonus symbol acts as a Wild symbol (no matter how many are visible on the reel); can replace any symbol except Free Spin or Wild. During the Bonus round, the player has to choose the question marks to uncover bonus amounts, as well as: The Gun – awards the Progressive Jackpot and ends the Bonus round The Handcuffs – end the Bonus round 3.4. Wild When stacked WILD is not fully visible on the reels, it transforms into regular WILD . The WILD symbol replaces any other symbols except stacked wild. 3.5. Progressive Jackpot The progressive can be won at any bet, only during the Bonus Round. With every bet, the base progressive jackpot value (the progressive pool) is increased with 0.5% of that bet. Note : The base progressive value (progressive pool) is a value stored in Euros and it is associated to a coin value of 10 Euros (which may not be available for you to select in the game): 1,000,000.00 seed + any 0.5% increments from all bets. The Progressive Jackpot counters display the progressive jackpot value for the currently selected coin value. The displayed jackpot value is proportional to the selected coin value and is a portion of the progressive pool, calculated depending on the currently selected coin value. Note : The maximum available progressive is paid when playing with the maximum available coin value. The Jackpot value is refreshed once every 3 seconds. Depending on the clients’ internet service provider as well as their hardware, server-to-client delays will vary from player to player and from message to message. Between two successive refreshes of the Progressive Jackpot counter, it is possible for two or more players to win the jackpot in close succession. In this case, the first player that wins the Jackpot is awarded the Progressive Jackpot amount in full, while the subsequent winner is awarded the minimum guaranteed Progressive Jackpot, as well as 0.5% of the bets placed between the two successive Jackpot wins. 4. Autospin feature The loss limit setting allows stopping the autospin feature automatically when the selected limit plus your cumulative winnings minus your cumulative bets is less than 0. Note: The autospin feature does not automatically start free spins or the bonus round – player input is required. 4.1. Flash version Click the AUTO SPIN button to open the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window, where you can set up the autospin feature. On the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window, you can set up the following: Loss limit – enter a number for the loss limit value or use the left and the right arrow buttons to select a number for the loss limit value Stop if WIN reaches – to enable this setting, click the button on its left side and then enter a number for the WIN value or use the left and the right arrow buttons to select a number for the WIN value; click the button on its left side again to disable it Stop if JACKPOT is won - (only for games with Progressive Jackpots or with a specific Jackpot value displayed) - to enable this setting, click the button on its left side; click the button on its left side again to disable it Number of AUTO SPINS to play – use the left and the right arrow buttons to select the number of autospins Click START to close the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window and start the autospin feature with the currently selected bet and number of autospins or click CANCEL to close the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window without starting the autospin feature. Click the STOP xx/yy button to stop the autospin feature at any time; xx represents the remaining number of autospins and yy represents the number of autospins to play that you selected on the AUTO SPINS SETTINGS window. 5. Other game buttons 5.1. Flash version The following buttons are available: i – click to open the paytable where you can view: information about the payout for the winning combinations, in coins information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payout or specific awards short game rules STOP – (available only while the reels are spinning) click this button to stop the reels faster SKIP – (available during winning animations) click this button to skip winning animations game options button - in the top left corner of the game screen, click the wrench symbol to open the game options window where you can move sliders to manage winning, game and background sounds or the general volume; click SAVE to close the options window and save any changes you make or click CANCEL to close the options window without saving sound button - in the top left corner of the screen, click the speaker symbol to toggle the game sound rules button – in the top left corner of the game screen, click the ? symbol to view detailed game rules in a new browser window history button – (in real mode only) in the top left corner of the game screen, click the clock symbol to view the gameplay history close button – in the top left corner of the game screen, click X to close the game full screen button – in the top left corner of the game screen, click the button on the left of X to go to full screen mode; to exit full screen, click the button again or press ESC on your keyboard BACK - when you are in the paytable, click BACK to return to the main game screen Last modification date: 3/30/2017