Cash Camel 1. Overview The goal is to obtain a winning combination on a winning line spread across the reels. Game specifications : Type Slots Number of reels 5 Number of rows 3 Number of lines 20 (cannot be changed) Number of coins you can bet per line 1 (cannot be changed) Progressive No Double feature No Auto spin feature Yes Wild symbols Yes Multiplier symbols No Scatter symbols Yes Bonus round Yes Free s pins Yes Instant win No RTP 95.97% Jackpot 500 coins per line, during normal spins The game disconnects if you do not take any actions for a specific number of consecutive minutes (this number varies depending on jurisdiction); the session recovery feature will save the game progress so that the next time the game is loaded, you can continue where you left off. In the event of technical difficulties resulting a dropped connection to the game server, the game you were playing is saved automatically and will load the next time you establish a connection to the game server. You will not be able to reconnect to the game server for the first 30 seconds after the disconnection. Note : In case of malfunction all pays and play are voided; any bet that was not yet accepted will be voided, any bet that was unsettled will be refunded. 2. How to Play Note: If you do not have enough money to play a game, the bet can be set to the minimum selectable amount through a dialog window informing about this. All winning lines pay from left to right. Wins on different lines are all added. Only the highest winning combination on each line is paid. Winnings from free spins are added to the total win. On the info bar located at the bottom of the main game screen, you can view the current BET, your BALANCE and your current WIN, in your currency, and your current CREDIT, in coins. 2.1. Desktop version To play, follow these steps: Click and then select a coin value from the COIN VALUE list. Note: The total bet, in coins, is displayed in the TOTAL BET box. Click to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won, in coins, according to the paytable, is shown in the WINNINGS box. For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. The total amount won, in your currency, is shown on the info bar (WIN) and is the total amount you won in coins multiplied by the coin value. 3. Special Symbols and Features 3.1. Wild The Wild symbol can replace any other symbols, except Scatter, to form winning combinations. 3.2. Scatter During normal spins, three or more Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels award Cash Camel Free Spins, according to the paytable. 3.3. Cash Camel Free Spins During Cash Camel Free Spins, one or more Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels award additional Cash Camel Free Spins, according to the paytable (for Cash Camel Free Spins). During Cash Camel Free Spins, if a Wild appears on the whole third reel (stacked wild), it increases the win Multiplier value by one, up to x10. Note : Cactus Free Spins cannot be triggered during Cash Camel Free Spins. 3.4. Cactus Bonus During normal spins, if a Wild appears on the whole third reel (stacked wild), it triggers the Cactus Bonus round where you have to pick one of the barrels in order to randomly win 5, 7, 8 or 10 Cactus Free Spins. Reel three is Wild and remains in place during Cactus Free Spins. In addition, during each Cactus Free Spin, every time you get a winning combination, the symbols that form that combination remain in place while the reels respin (the respin is also free) - the winning combination is not yet paid. Also, any other winning symbols from next respins are held. Note : A respin does not decrease the remaining number of Cactus Free Spins. If after a respin you get more winning combinations, the previous winning symbols as well as the new winning symbols remain in place while the reels respin again - the winning combinations are not yet paid. This continues until the final win (formed by all the held symbols) cannot be improved any further (no other symbols that can be held appear) at which point the final win is paid and the Cactus Free Spins resume. Note : Cash Camel Free Spins cannot be triggered during Cactus Free Spins. 4. Auto spin feature The loss limit setting allows stopping the auto spin feature automatically when the selected limit plus your cumulative winnings minus your cumulative bets is less than 0. Note : The auto spin feature does not automatically start free spins or the bonus round – player input is required. 4.1. Desktop version Click the AUTO SPIN button to open the AUTO SPIN settings window where you can set up the following: Number of auto spins : click the current Number of auto spin value, use the on-screen number pad to enter a value (tap X to clear your selection and start again) and then confirm your selection; click to close the on-screen number pad without confirming move the slider for this setting left or right to set a lower or a higher value Stop if a win reaches - to enable this setting, move the adjacent On/Off switch to On (move to Off to disable it) and then you can: click + to select a higher value or click – to select a lower value click the current value, use the on-screen number pad to enter a value (tap X to clear your selection and start again) and then confirm your selection; click to close the on-screen number pad without confirming Stop if JACKPOT is won - (only for games with Progressive Jackpots) - to enable this setting, move the adjacent On/Off switch to On; move to Off to disable it Loss limit : click + to select a higher value or click – to select a lower value click the current loss limit value, use the on-screen number pad to enter a value (tap X to clear your selection and start again) and then confirm your selection; click to close the on-screen number pad without confirming Click ACTIVATE to close the AUTO SPIN settings window and start the auto spin feature with the currently selected bet and auto spin setup. Click CANCEL to close the AUTO SPIN settings window without starting the auto spin feature. Click the STOP AUTO SPIN button to stop the auto spin feature at any time. 5. Other game buttons 5.1. Desktop version The following buttons are available: Click to open the paytable where you can view: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in coins information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts or specific awards the game lines and basic game rules (available only while the reels are spinning) Click this button to stop the reels faster. (available during winning animations) Click this button to skip winning animations. SETTINGS PANNEL In the top right corner of the main game screen, click the settings button (list symbol) to open the Settings panel where you can manage sound volumes, enable/disable the turbo feature, view gameplay history or view detailed game rules. Note : To close the Settings panel, you can click anywhere on the main game screen or click FULLSCREEN In the Settings panel, click this button to go to full screen mode; to exit full screen mode, click this button again or press ESC on your keyboard. SOUND In the Settings panel, click this button to open the sounds and volume panel where you can use sliders to manage Winning, Effects and Music volumes or the General Volume. Note : To quickly mute all game sounds, in the Settings panel, move the On/Off switch adjacent to SOUND to OFF (move to ON to enable sounds). HISTORY (in real mode only) In the Settings panel, click this button to view the gameplay history. TURBO In the Settings panel, move the On/Off switch adjacent to TURBO to ON to enable the turbo feature which speeds up the gameplay (spin time is reduced to a minimum); move to OFF to disable this feature. RULES In the Settings panel, click this button to view detailed game rules in a new browser window. Last modification date: 2/19/2018