Cherry Trio 1. Overview The goal is to obtain a winning combination on a winning line spread across the reels. Game specifications : Type Slots Number of reels 3 Number of rows 3 Number of lines 5 (cannot be changed) Number of coins you can bet per line 1 (cannot be changed) Progressive No Double feature No Autospin feature Yes Wild symbols Yes Multiplier symbols No Scatter symbols No Bonus round No Free spins Yes (respins) Instant win No RTP 97.00% Jackpot 1000 coins The game disconnects if you do not take any actions for a specific number of consecutive minutes (this number varies depending on jurisdiction); the session recovery feature will save the game progress so that the next time the game is loaded, you can continue where you left off. In the event of technical difficulties resulting a dropped connection to the game server, the game you were playing is saved automatically and will load the next time you establish a connection to the game server. You will not be able to reconnect to the game server for the first 30 seconds after the disconnection. Note : In case of malfunction all pays and play are voided; any bet that was not yet accepted will be voided, any bet that was unsettled will be refunded. 2. How to Play Note: If you do not have enough money to play a game, the bet can be set to the minimum selectable amount through a dialog window informing about this. All winning lines pay from left to right. Wins on different selected lines are all added. Only the highest winning combination on each selected line is paid. On the info bar located under the main game buttons, you can view the current BET, your BALANCE and your current WIN, in your currency and your CREDIT in coins. 2.1. Flash version To play, follow these steps: Use the coin value select buttons to choose a coin value. The coin value select buttons are located on the main game screen under the COIN VALUE box that shows the currently selected coin value. Note : The current bet amount, in coins, is displayed in the BET box. Click SPIN to place the bet and spin the reels once. The total amount won, in coins, according to the paytable, is shown in the WIN box. For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. The total amount won, in your currency, is shown on the info bar ( WIN ) and is the total amount you won in coins multiplied by the coin value. 3. Special Symbols and Features 3.1. Cherry Wild The Cherry Wild symbol pays according to the paytable and can replace any other symbols to form winning combinations. 3.2. Respins If during a normal spin the Cherry Wild symbol appears: on one whole reel (one symbol on each row of the reel), you win two free respins during which that reel is Wild and does not spin (only the other two reels spin) on two whole reels (one symbol on each row of each reel), you win one free respin during which those reels are Wild and do not spin (only the other reel spins) on all rows of all reels , you win the 1000 coins jackpot If the autospin feature is active and you win respins, the autospin feature is paused, the respins are played and then autospin resumes. 4. Autospin feature The loss limit setting allows stopping the autospin feature automatically when the selected limit plus your cumulative winnings minus your cumulative bets is less than 0. 4.1. Flash version Click the AUTO SPIN button, to open the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window where you can set up the autospin feature. On the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window, you can set up the following: Loss limit - enter a number for the loss limit value or use the left and the right arrow buttons to select a number for the loss limit value Stop if WIN reaches - to enable this setting, click the button on its left side and then enter a number for the WIN value or use the left and the right arrow buttons to select a number for the WIN value; click the button on its left side again to disable it Stop if JACKPOT is won - (only for games with Progressive Jackpots or with a specific Jackpot value displayed) - to enable this setting, click the button on its left side; click the button on its left side again to disable it Number of AUTO SPINS to play - use the left and the right arrow buttons to select the number of auto spins Click START to close the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window and start the autospin feature with the currently selected bet and number of auto spins or click CANCEL to close the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window without starting the autospin feature. Click the STOP AUTOSPIN button to stop the autospin feature at any time. 5. Other game buttons 5.1. Flash version The following buttons are available: i - click to open the paytable where you can view: information about the payout for the winning combinations, in coins information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts or specific awards the game lines and basic game rules SETTINGS window – in the top-right corner of the main game screen, click the settings button (list symbol) to open the Settings window where you can manage sound volumes, enable/disable the turbo feature, view gameplay history or view detailed game rules Note : To close the Settings window you can click anywhere on the main game screen or, in the top-right corner of the Settings window, click the return button. SOUND - in the Settings window, click SOUND to open the sounds and volume panel where you can use sliders to manage Effects, Music and General volumes Note : To quickly mute or unmute all game sounds, in the SETTINGS window, click the button displayed on the right side of SOUND. TURBO - in the Settings window, click TURBO to enable the turbo feature which speeds up the gameplay (spin time is reduced to a minimum); click again to disable Note : You cannot enable or disable the turbo feature while the autospin feature is active. RULES -in the Settings window, click RULES to view detailed game rules in a new browser window HISTORY - (in real mode only) in the Settings window, click HISTORY to view the gameplay history FULL SCREEN - click the full screen button in the top-left corner of the main game screen to go to full screen mode; to exit full screen, click the button again or press ESC on your keyboard Last modification date: 4/5/2017