Dalai Panda 1. Overview The goal is to obtain a winning combination on a winning line spread across the reels. Game specifications : Type Slots Number of reels 6 (2 sets, 3 reels each) Number of rows 3 Number of ways 27 ways for each set of reels - during normal spins 729 ways - during Free Spins 729 ways left to right and 729 ways rigth to left, during Extended Win feature Number of coins you can bet 30 Progressive No Double feature No Auto spin feature Yes Wild symbols Yes Multiplier symbols Yes Scatter symbols Yes(Bonus symbol) Bonus round Yes Free s pins No Instant win No RTP 95.81% Jackpot 729 000 coins(500 coins per each way, during Extended Win feature) The game disconnects if you do not take any actions for a specific number of consecutive minutes (this number varies depending on jurisdiction); the session recovery feature will save the game progress so that the next time the game is loaded, you can continue where you left off. In the event of technical difficulties resulting in a dropped connection to the game server, the game you were playing is saved automatically and will load the next time you establish a connection to the game server. You will not be able to reconnect to the game server for the first 30 seconds after the disconnection. Note : In case of malfunction all pays and play are voided; any bet that was not yet accepted will be voided, any bet that was unsettled will be refunded. 2. How to Play Note: If you do not have enough money to play a game, the bet can be set to the minimum selectable amount through a dialog window informing about this. For the reels set on the left, all winning ways pay from left to right. For the reels set on the right, all winning ways pay from right to left. For the Extended Wins feature, winning ways pay from left to right or from right to left. During Free Spins, winnings are paid from left to right. Winnings on different ways are all added. Only the highest winning combination on each way is paid. Winnings from Free Spins are added to the total win. Note: The number of adjacent winning symbols (ways) is calculated by multiplying the number of winning symbols on each reel. For example, if there is 1 winning symbol on reel 1, 1 winning symbol on reel 2 and 2 winning symbols on reel 3, then the number of adjacent winning symbols is 1 x 1 x 2 = 2. In this case, the number of reels involved in the win is 3 – in the pay table, you can view the gain for 3 reels for the winning symbol. During normal spins, for each reel set, only payouts for up to 3 reels apply. During Free Spins and for the Extended Wild feature, payouts for up to 6 reels apply. On the info bar(s), you can view the current BET, your BALANCE and your current WIN, in your currency, and your current CREDIT, in coins. 2.1. Desktop version To play, follow these steps: Click and then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value. Note: The total bet, in your currency, is displayed above the currently selected coin value. Click to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won, in coins, according to the pay table, is shown in the Win popup. For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the pay table for that winning combination. The total amount won, in your currency, is shown on the info bar (WIN) and is the total amount you won in coins multiplied by the coin value. 2.2. Mobile version To play, follow these steps: Tap to open the settings screen. On the settings screen, tap then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value. Tap to return to the main screen. Note: The total bet, in your currency, is displayed above the currently selected coin value. Tap to spin the reels one time. The total amount won, in coins, according to the pay table, is shown in the Win popup. For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the pay table for that winning combination. The total amount won, in your currency, is shown on the info bar (WIN) and is the total amount you won in coins multiplied by the coin value. 3. Special Symbols and Features 3.1. Wild During normal spins, the panda throws Wild symbols in random positions on the reel. The Wild symbol replaces any other symbol, except Bonus, to form winning combinations. 3.2. Extended Wins Randomly, during normal spins, when a winning combination can be formed with symbols from both sets of reels and there is already at least one winning combination on either sets (3 reels involved in a win), then the two sets are joined and winning combinations are paid accordingly, extending the initial winning combination. The initial winning combination is not paid. Only the extended winning combination is paid. Any other winning combinations (3 reels involved in a win) are paid as usual. Note : A winning combination involving 6 reels will be paid twice: once left to right and once right to left. 3.3. Extended Wins 3 or more Bonus symbols anywhere on the reels pay according to the pay table and trigger Free Spins (3x Bonus symbols only award Free Spins, no coins). The number of Free Spins depends on the number of Free Spins collected in the Free Spins Bank for the currently selected coin value and current currency. There will always be at least 5 Free Spins in the Free Spins Bank. Whenever you have a spin with winnings on both sets of reels (also applies to Extended Win feature), the Free Spins Bank counter increases by 1. Note : Each coin value (for each currency) has its own Free Spins Bank. The Free Spins Bank resets to 5 after the current Free Spins round ends. When a game session resumes (for example, in case of recovery feature activation), Free Spins collected in the Free Spins Bank, are restored in subsequent game sessions played in the same currency. During Free Spins, between 2 and 6 Bonus symbols anywhere on the reels award additional Free Spins, according to the pay table. 3.4. Wild Reels During a Free Spin, one or two reels can turn into a Wild Reel. 3.5. Random Wilds During a Free Spin, the panda can throw a random number of Wilds, one Wild per reel. 3.6. Win Multiplier After a Free Spin with the Wild Reels feature or with the Random Wilds feature ends, randomly, you can also win a 2x multiplier. The multiplier applies only to winnings of that Free Spin. 4. Auto spin feature The loss limit setting allows stopping the auto spin feature automatically when the selected limit plus your cumulative winnings minus your cumulative bets is less than 0. 4.1. Desktop version Click the AUTO SPIN button to open the SPIN settings window where you can set up the following: Number of auto spins : click + or - to select the number of auto spins to play; Advanced settings : Loss limit : click the current loss limit value, use the on-screen number pad to enter a value and then confirm your selection (click to clear your selection and start again); click to close the on-screen number pad without confirming; Stop if a win reaches : click the current value, use the on-screen number pad to enter a value and then confirm your selection (click to clear your selection and start again); click to close the on-screen number pad without confirming; Stop if JACKPOT is won : (only for games with Progressive Jackpots) - to enable this setting, move the adjacent On/Off switch to On; move to Off to disable it. Click ACTIVATE to close the SPIN settings window and start the auto spin feature with the currently selected bet and auto spin setup. Click anywhere outside the settings window to close it without starting the auto spin feature. Click the STOP AUTO SPIN button to stop the auto spin feature at any time. 4.2. Mobile version Tap to open the SPIN settings screen, tap and then set up the following: Number of auto spins : tap + or - to select the number of auto spins to play; Advanced settings : Loss limit : tap the current loss limit value, use the on-screen number pad to enter a value and then confirm your selection (tap to clear your selection and start again); tap to close the on-screen number pad without confirming; Stop if a win reaches : tap the current value, use the on-screen number pad to enter a value and then confirm your selection (tap to clear your selection and start again); tap to close the on-screen number pad without confirming; Stop if JACKPOT is won : (only for games with Progressive Jackpots) - to enable this setting, move the adjacent On/Off switch to On; move to Off to disable it. Tap ACTIVATE to close the SPIN settings screen and start the auto spin feature with the currently selected bet and auto spin setup. Tap to close the settings screen without starting the auto spin feature. To stop the Auto Spin at any time, on the main game screen, tap . 5. Other game buttons 5.1. Desktop version The following buttons are available: Click to open the pay table where you can view: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in coins; information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts or specific awards; the game lines and basic game rules. (available only while the reels are spinning) Click this button to stop the reels faster. (available during winning animations) Click this button to skip winning animations. In the bottom left side of the game screen, click this button to open the settings panel. In the bottom right side of the game screen, click this button to go to full screen mode; to exit full screen mode, click or press ESC on your keyboard. In the settings panel, click this button to toggle the game's sound. (in real mode only) In the settings panel, click this button to view the gameplay history in a new browser window. In the settings panel, click this button to close the game and open the home website, in the same browser window. RULES In the pay table, click this button to view detailed game rules in a new browser window. TURBO (available only for specific jurisdictions) On the SPIN settings window, move the On/Off switch adjacent to TURBO to ON to enable the turbo feature which speeds up the gameplay (spin time is reduced to a minimum); move to OFF to disable this feature. 5.2. Mobile version The following buttons are available: On the main screen, tap this button to open the settings screen. Tap to close the settings screen. On the settings screen, tap this button to open the pay table where you can view: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in coins; information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts or specific awards; the game lines, basic game rules. On the settings screen, tap this button to open the options screen. On the options screen, tap this button to toggle the game's sound. (in real mode only) On the settings screen, tap this button and then tap HISTORY to view the gameplay history in a new browser window. On the options screen, tap the Home button to close the game and open the home website, in the same browser window. (available while the reels are spinning or when the auto spin feature is active) Click this button to stop the reels faster or to stop the auto spin feature. (available during winning animations) Tap this button to skip winning animations. RULES In the pay table, tap this button to view detailed game rules in a new browser window. TURBO (available only for specific jurisdictions) On the SPIN settings screen, move the On/Off switch adjacent to TURBO to ON to enable the turbo feature which speeds up the gameplay (spin time is reduced to a minimum); move to OFF to disable this feature. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Bet Range Min Bet : €0.30 Max Bet : €21 Last modification date: 7/9/2020