Diamond Wild 1. Overview The goal is to obtain a winning combination on a winning line spread across the reels. Game specifications : Type Slots Number of reels 5 Number of rows 3 Number of lines 20 (cannot be changed) Number of coins you can bet per line 1 to 10 Progressive Yes Double feature No Autospin feature Yes Wild symbols Yes Multiplier symbols No Scatter symbols No Bonus round No Free s pins Yes Instant win No RTP 93.20% to 95.20% Jackpot Progressive The game disconnects if you do not take any actions for a specific number of consecutive minutes (this number varies depending on jurisdiction); the session recovery feature will save the game progress so that the next time the game is loaded, you can continue where you left off. In the event of technical difficulties resulting in a dropped connection to the game server, the game you were playing is saved automatically and will load the next time you establish a connection to the game server. You will not be able to reconnect to the game server for the first 30 seconds after the disconnection. Note : In case of malfunction all pays and play are voided; any bet that was not yet accepted will be voided, any bet that was unsettled will be refunded. 2.1. Desktop version To play, follow these steps: Click and then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value. Note: The total bet, in your currency, is displayed above the currently selected coin value. Click to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won, in coins, according to the pay table, is shown in the Win popup. For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the pay table for that winning combination. The total amount won, in your currency, is shown on the info bar (WIN) and is the total amount you won in coins multiplied by the coin value. 2.2. Mobile version To play, follow these steps: Tap to open the settings screen. On the settings screen, tap then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value. Tap to return to the main screen. Note: The total bet, in your currency, is displayed above the currently selected coin value. Tap to spin the reels one time. The total amount won, in coins, according to the pay table, is shown in the Win popup. For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the pay table for that winning combination. The total amount won, in your currency, is shown on the info bar (WIN) and is the total amount you won in coins multiplied by the coin value. 3. Special Symbols and Features 3.1. Wild The Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except Free Games and Diamond. 3.2. Free games Three or more Free Games symbols anywhere on the reels award 8 free games with winnings doubled. Free games can be won during Free games. The winnings from the Diamond symbol are not doubled during the free games. The bet amount and lines played in the spin that triggered the free games remain the same for the awarded free games and cannot be changed until the free games are completed. 3.3. Progressive Jackpot The RTP displayed in the Overview section includes the Progressive Jackpot RTP as well. Note : You cannot win the Progressive Jackpot during free spins. Five or more Diamond symbols appearing anywhere on the reels at max bet (maximum number of coins and lines) qualify for the Progressive Jackpot winnings. Any other type of bet (not max bet) pays according to the paytable. With every bet, the base progressive jackpot value (the progressive pool) is increased with 0.5% of that bet and with 0.25% of that bet for the 8x and 9x diamond symbol jackpots. Note : The base progressive value (progressive pool) is a value stored in Euros and it is associated to a coin value of 10 Euros (which may not be available for you to select in the game): 5x diamond symbol – 20,000.00 seed + any 0.5% increments from all bets 6x diamond symbol – 100,000.00 seed + any 0.5% increments from all bets 7x diamond symbol – 200.000 .00 seed + any 0.5% increments from all bets 8x diamond symbol – 2,000,000.00 seed + any 0.25% increments from all bets 9x diamond symbol – 5,000,000.00 seed + any 0.25% increments from all bets The Progressive Jackpot counters display the progressive jackpot value for the currently selected coin value. The displayed jackpot value is proportional to the selected coin value and is a portion of the progressive pool, calculated depending on the currently selected coin value. Note : The maximum available progressive is paid when playing with the maximum available coin value. Jackpot Seed examples (in your currency): Coin value 0.01 5x Diamond 6x Diamond 7x Diamond 8x Diamond 9x Diamond Jackpot Seed Value 20 100 200 2000 5000 Coin value 0.02 5x Diamond 6x Diamond 7x Diamond 8x Diamond 9x Diamond Jackpot Seed Value 40 200 400 4000 10000 The Jackpot value is refreshed once every 3 seconds. Depending on the clients’ internet service provider as well as their hardware, server-to-client delays will vary from player to player and from message to message. Between two successive refreshes of the Progressive Jackpot counter, it is possible for two or more players to win the jackpot in close succession. In this case, the first player that wins the Jackpot is awarded the Progressive Jackpot amount in full, while the subsequent winner is awarded the minimum guaranteed Progressive Jackpot, as well as 0.5% of the bets placed between the two successive Jackpot wins. 4. Auto spin feature The loss limit setting allows stopping the auto spin feature automatically when the selected limit plus your cumulative winnings minus your cumulative bets is less than 0. 4.1. Desktop version Click the AUTO SPIN button to open the SPIN settings window where you can set up the following: Number of auto spins : click + or - to select the number of auto spins to play; Advanced settings : Loss limit : click the current loss limit value, use the on-screen number pad to enter a value and then confirm your selection (click to clear your selection and start again); click to close the on-screen number pad without confirming; Stop if a win reaches : click the current value, use the on-screen number pad to enter a value and then confirm your selection (click to clear your selection and start again); click to close the on-screen number pad without confirming; Stop if JACKPOT is won : (only for games with Progressive Jackpots) - to enable this setting, move the adjacent On/Off switch to On; move to Off to disable it. Click ACTIVATE to close the SPIN settings window and start the auto spin feature with the currently selected bet and auto spin setup. Click anywhere outside the settings window to close it without starting the auto spin feature. Click the STOP AUTO SPIN button to stop the auto spin feature at any time. 4.2. Mobile version Tap to open the SPIN settings screen, tap and then set up the following: Number of auto spins : tap + or - to select the number of auto spins to play; Advanced settings : Loss limit : tap the current loss limit value, use the on-screen number pad to enter a value and then confirm your selection (tap to clear your selection and start again); tap to close the on-screen number pad without confirming; Stop if a win reaches : tap the current value, use the on-screen number pad to enter a value and then confirm your selection (tap to clear your selection and start again); tap to close the on-screen number pad without confirming; Stop if JACKPOT is won : (only for games with Progressive Jackpots) - to enable this setting, move the adjacent On/Off switch to On; move to Off to disable it. Tap ACTIVATE to close the SPIN settings screen and start the auto spin feature with the currently selected bet and auto spin setup. Tap to close the settings screen without starting the auto spin feature. To stop the Auto Spin at any time, on the main game screen, tap . 5. Other game buttons 5.1. Desktop version The following buttons are available: Click to open the pay table where you can view: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in coins; information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts or specific awards; the game lines and basic game rules. (available only while the reels are spinning) Click this button to stop the reels faster. (available during winning animations) Click this button to skip winning animations. In the bottom left side of the game screen, click this button to open the settings panel. In the bottom right side of the game screen, click this button to go to full screen mode; to exit full screen mode, click or press ESC on your keyboard. In the settings panel, click this button to toggle the game's sound. (in real mode only) In the settings panel, click this button to view the gameplay history in a new browser window. In the settings panel, click this button to close the game and open the home website, in the same browser window. RULES In the pay table, click this button to view detailed game rules in a new browser window. TURBO (available only for specific jurisdictions) On the SPIN settings window, move the On/Off switch adjacent to TURBO to ON to enable the turbo feature which speeds up the gameplay (spin time is reduced to a minimum); move to OFF to disable this feature. 5.2. Mobile version The following buttons are available: On the main screen, tap this button to open the settings screen. Tap to close the settings screen. On the settings screen, tap this button to open the pay table where you can view: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in coins; information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts or specific awards; the game lines, basic game rules. On the settings screen, tap this button to open the options screen. On the options screen, tap this button to toggle the game's sound. (in real mode only) On the settings screen, tap this button and then tap HISTORY to view the gameplay history in a new browser window. On the options screen, tap the Home button to close the game and open the home website, in the same browser window. (available while the reels are spinning or when the auto spin feature is active) Click this button to stop the reels faster or to stop the auto spin feature. (available during winning animations) Tap this button to skip winning animations. RULES In the pay table, tap this button to view detailed game rules in a new browser window. TURBO (available only for specific jurisdictions) On the SPIN settings screen, move the On/Off switch adjacent to TURBO to ON to enable the turbo feature which speeds up the gameplay (spin time is reduced to a minimum); move to OFF to disable this feature. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 7/9/2020