Disco Double How to Play Note: If you do not have enough money to play a game, the bet can be set to the minimum selectable amount through a dialog window informing about this. All winning lines pay from left to right. Wins on different selected lines are all added. Only the highest winning combination on each selected line is paid. Winnings from free spins are added to the total win. On the info bar located at the bottom of the main game screen, you can view the current BET, your BALANCE and your current WIN, in your currency, and your current CREDIT, in coins. To play, follow these steps: Click Select coin value button and then select a coin value from the COIN VALUE list. Note: The total bet, in coins, is displayed in the TOTAL BET box. Click Spin button FL to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won, in coins, according to the paytable, is shown in the WINNINGS box. For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. The total amount won, in your currency, is shown on the info bar (WIN) and is the total amount you won in coins multiplied by the coin value. Special Symbols and Features Wild The Wild symbol can replace any other symbols, except Scatter (Disco Double), to form winning combinations. Free spins Three or more Scatter symbols (not replaced by Wild) anywhere on the reels trigger 10 Free Spins. Winnings from Scatter and other normal symbols from the spins that triggers the Free Spins are added to your balance and also to the total win of the Free Spins round. During Free Spins, if a Double symbol lands on the 3rd reel, the current total win from the Free Spins round is doubled. Note: During the Free Spins, you are not allowed to change the coin value. Free Spins cannot be retriggered but Scatters will pay according to the paytable. Win capping Note: Win capping applies to normal spins and to free spins as well. On each spin, you can win a maximum of 10 000 coins. When the maximum payout is reached (10 000 coins) during a spin, the winning combination that causes the maximum payout to be reached is capped so that you will not win more than 10 000 coins. Any other winning combinations that follow on that spin are cancelled. Autospin feature The loss limit setting allows stopping the autospin feature automatically when the selected limit plus your cumulative winnings minus your cumulative bets is less than 0. Note: The autospin feature does not automatically start free spins – player input is required. Desktop version Click the AUTO SPIN button Start autospin button FL to open the AUTO SPIN settings window where you can set up the following: Number of auto spins: click the current Number of auto spin value, use the on-screen number pad to enter a value (tap X to clear your selection and start again) and then confirm your selection; click autospin-pad-return to close the on-screen number pad without confirming move the slider for this setting left or right to set a lower or a higher value Stop if a win reaches - to enable this setting, move the adjacent On/Off switch to On (move to Off to disable it) and then you can: click + to select a higher value or click – to select a lower value click the current value, use the on-screen number pad to enter a value (tap X to clear your selection and start again) and then confirm your selection; click autospin-pad-return to close the on-screen number pad without confirming Stop if JACKPOT is won - (only for games with Progressive Jackpots) - to enable this setting, move the adjacent On/Off switch to On; move to Off to disable it Loss limit: click + to select a higher value or click – to select a lower value click the current loss limit value, use the on-screen number pad to enter a value (tap X to clear your selection and start again) and then confirm your selection; click autospin-pad-return to close the on-screen number pad without confirming Click ACTIVATE to close the AUTO SPIN settings window and start the auto spin feature with the currently selected bet and auto spin setup. Click CANCEL to close the AUTO SPIN settings window without starting the auto spin feature. Click the STOP AUTO SPIN button Stop autospin button FL to stop the auto spin feature at any time. Other game buttons Click to open the paytable where you can view: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in coins information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts or specific awards the game lines and basic game rules (available only while the reels are spinning) Click this button to stop the reels faster. (available during winning animations) Click this button to skip winning animations Setting Panel In the top right corner of the main game screen, click the settings button (list symbol) to open the Settings panel where you can manage sound volumes, enable/disable the turbo feature, view gameplay history or view detailed game rules. Note: To close the Settings panel, you can click anywhere on the main game screen or click FullScreen In the Settings panel, click this button to go to full screen mode; to exit full screen mode, click this button again or press ESC on your keyboard. Sound In the Settings panel, click this button to open the sounds and volume panel where you can use sliders to manage Winning, Effects and Music volumes or the General Volume. Note: To quickly mute all game sounds, in the Settings panel, move the On/Off switch adjacent to SOUND to OFF (move to ON to enable sounds). History (in real mode only) In the Settings panel, click this button to view the gameplay history. Turbo In the Settings panel, move the On/Off switch adjacent to TURBO to ON to enable the turbo feature which speeds up the gameplay (spin time is reduced to a minimum); move to OFF to disable this feature. Rules In the Settings panel, click this button to view detailed game rules in a new browser window. Last modification date: 12/6/2017