Eye of the Amulet 1. Overview The goal is to obtain a winning combination on a winning line spread across the reels. Game specifications : Type Slots Number of reels 5 Number of rows 4 Number of lines 40 (cannot be changed) Number of coins you can bet 2 0 (cannot be changed) Progressive No Double feature No Auto spin feature Yes Wild symbols Yes Multiplier symbols No Scatter symbols Yes Bonus round Yes Free s pins Yes Instant win No RTP 96.51% Jackpot 250 coins per line, during normal spins The game disconnects if you do not take any actions for a specific number of consecutive minutes (this number varies depending on jurisdiction); the session recovery feature will save the game progress so that the next time the game is loaded, you can continue where you left off. In the event of technical difficulties resulting a dropped connection to the game server, the game you were playing is saved automatically and will load the next time you establish a connection to the game server. You will not be able to reconnect to the game server for the first 30 seconds after the disconnection. Note : In case of malfunction all pays and play are voided; any bet that was not yet accepted will be voided, any bet that was unsettled will be refunded. 2. How to Play Note: If you do not have enough money to play a game, the bet can be set to the minimum selectable amount through a dialog window informing about this. All winning lines pay from left to right. Wins on different lines are all added. Only the highest winning combination on each line is paid. Winnings from free spins are added to the total win. On the info bar located at the bottom of the main game screen, you can view the current BET, your BALANCE and your current WIN, in your currency, and your current CREDIT, in coins. 2.1. Desktop version To play, follow these steps: Click and then select a coin value from the COIN VALUE list. Note: The total bet, in coins, is displayed in the TOTAL BET box. Click to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won, in coins, according to the paytable, is shown in the WINNINGS box. For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. The total amount won, in your currency, is shown on the info bar (WIN) and is the total amount you won in coins multiplied by the coin value. 2.2. Mobile version To play, follow these steps: Tap to show the coin value selection then swipe up or down to choose a coin value from the COIN VALUE list Tap to return to the main screen. Note: The total bet, in your currency, is displayed on the info bar (BET). Tap the Spin button to spin the reels one time. The total amount won, in coins, according to the paytable, is shown in the Win popup. For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. The total amount won, in your currency, is shown on the info bar (WIN) and is the total amount you won in coins multiplied by the coin value. 3. Special Symbols and Features 3.1. Wild The Wild symbol can replace any other symbols, except Scatter (Amulet), to form winning combinations. 3.2. Scatter Three or more Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels award Free Spins, according to the paytable, and trigger the Bonus Wheel round. Note : Free Spins start when the Bonus Wheel round ends. 3.3. Free Spins During Free Spins, two or more Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels award additional Free Spins: 2 Scatters award 3 extra Free Spins 3 Scatters award 10 extra Free Spins 4 Scatters award 20 extra Free Spins 5 Scatters award 30 extra Free Spins Note : The maximum amount of Free Spins that you can play during one round is 100. 3.4. Bonus Wheel To start the Bonus Wheel round, click or tap START , or wait for the wheel to start spinning automatically. On each spin of the Bonus Wheel, you can win: additional Free Spins - these are added to the current number of Free Spins you won from Scatters a multiplier that applies to all winnings from the Free Spins that will start when the Bonus Wheel round ends - the initial multiplier you can win is 2x; after you win it, the next multiplier you can win will be 3x and so on, up to the max multiplier you can win: 5x one or more of the high paying symbols will act as Wild during the Free Spins that will start when the Bonus Wheel round ends Note: As only the highest win on each line is always awarded, a high paying symbol transformed into Wild might pay its usual amount, according to the paytable, if the amount from the combination formed as Wild is less than the amount of the combination from the paytable for that high paying symbol. The Bonus Wheel round ends when the wheel lands on Start Free Spins . 3.5. Sandstorm Bonus Randomly, at the start of any normal paid spin, the Sandstorm Bonus can start and you can win one of the following: Wild reels: 1 to 3 reels can become Wild Extra Wilds: 1 to 10 positions on the reels can become Wild 5 of a kind: at least one line of "5 of a kind" with high paying symbols will form Bonus Wheel round trigger (three or more Scatter symbols) Note : It is possible not to win any of the above awards from the Sandstorm Bonus. 4. Auto spin feature The loss limit setting allows stopping the auto spin feature automatically when the selected limit plus your cumulative winnings minus your cumulative bets is less than 0. Note : The auto spin feature does not automatically start free spins – player input is required. 4.1. Desktop version Click the AUTO SPIN button to open the AUTO SPIN settings window where you can set up the following: Number of auto spins : click the current Number of auto spin value, use the on-screen number pad to enter a value (tap X to clear your selection and start again) and then confirm your selection; click to close the on-screen number pad without confirming move the slider for this setting left or right to set a lower or a higher value Stop if a win reaches - to enable this setting, move the adjacent On/Off switch to On (move to Off to disable it) and then you can: click + to select a higher value or click – to select a lower value click the current value, use the on-screen number pad to enter a value (tap X to clear your selection and start again) and then confirm your selection; click to close the on-screen number pad without confirming Stop if JACKPOT is won - (only for games with Progressive Jackpots) - to enable this setting, move the adjacent On/Off switch to On; move to Off to disable it Loss limit : click + to select a higher value or click – to select a lower value click the current loss limit value, use the on-screen number pad to enter a value (tap X to clear your selection and start again) and then confirm your selection; click to close the on-screen number pad without confirming Click ACTIVATE to close the AUTO SPIN settings window and start the auto spin feature with the currently selected bet and auto spin setup. Click CANCEL to close the AUTO SPIN settings window without starting the auto spin feature. Click the STOP AUTO SPIN button to stop the auto spin feature at any time. 4.2. Mobile version Tap the Auto Spin button to open the AUTO SPIN settings window where you can set up the following: Number of auto spins to play : tap the current Number of auto spin value, use the on-screen number pad to enter a value (tap X to clear your selection and start again) and then confirm your selection; tap to close the on-screen number pad without confirming move the slider for this setting left or right to set a lower or a higher value Stop if a win reaches - to enable this setting, move the adjacent On/Off switch to On (move to Off to disable it) and then you can: tap + to select a higher value or tap – to select a lower value tap the current value, use the on-screen number pad to enter a value (tap X to clear your selection and start again) and then confirm your selection; tap to close the on-screen number pad without confirming Stop if JACKPOT is won - (only for games with Progressive Jackpots) - to enable this setting, move the adjacent On/Off switch to On; move to Off to disable it Loss limit : tap + to select a higher value or tap – to select a lower value tap the current loss limit value, use the on-screen number pad to enter a value (tap X to clear your selection and start again) and then confirm your selection; tap to close the on-screen number pad without confirming Tap ACTIVATE to close the AUTO SPIN settings window and start the auto spin feature with the currently selected bet and auto spin setup. Tap to close the AUTO SPIN settings window without starting the auto spin feature. To stop the Auto Spin at any time, on the main game screen, tap . 5. Other game buttons 5.1. Desktop version The following buttons are available: Click to open the paytable where you can view: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in coins information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts or specific awards the game lines and basic game rules (available only while the reels are spinning) Click this button to stop the reels faster. (available during winning animations) Click this button to skip winning animations. SETTINGS PANNEL In the top right corner of the main game screen, click the settings button (list symbol) to open the Settings panel where you can manage sound volumes, enable/disable the turbo feature, view gameplay history or view detailed game rules. Note : To close the Settings panel, you can click anywhere on the main game screen or click . FULLSCREEN In the Settings panel, click this button to go to full screen mode; to exit full screen mode, click this button again or press ESC on your keyboard. SOUND In the Settings panel, click this button to open the sounds and volume panel where you can use sliders to manage Winning, Effects and Music volumes or the General Volume. Note : To quickly mute all game sounds, in the Settings panel, move the On/Off switch adjacent to SOUND to OFF (move to ON to enable sounds). HISTORY (in real mode only) In the Settings panel, click this button to view the gameplay history. TURBO In the Settings panel, move the On/Off switch adjacent to TURBO to ON to enable the turbo feature which speeds up the gameplay (spin time is reduced to a minimum); move to OFF to disable this feature. RULES In the Settings panel, click this button to view detailed game rules in a new browser window. 5.2. Mobile version The following buttons are available: On the main screen, tap the Settings button to open the Settings panel where you can view the available options. In the Settings panel, tap the Info button to open the paytable where you can view: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in coins information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts or specific awards the game lines, basic game rules In the Settings panel, tap the Settings button to open the SETTINGS window where you can use sliders to manage Winning, Effects and Music volumes or the General Volume. In the Settings panel, tap the Turbo button to enable the turbo feature which speeds up the gameplay (spin time is reduced to a minimum). In the Settings panel, tap the Sound button to toggle the general game sound (you can also open the SETTINGS window to manage sound volumes). In the Settings panel, tap the Clock button to view the gameplay history. In the Settings panel, tap the Rules button to view detailed game rules in a new browser window. On the main screen, tap the Home button to close the game and open the home website, in the same browser window. In the Settings panel, in the SETTINGS window or in the paytable, tap this button to return to the main screen. (available during winning animations) Tap this button to skip winning animations. Last modification date: 12/12/2017