Forest Mania How to Play Note: If you do not have enough money to play a game, the bet can be set to the minimum selectable amount through a dialog window informing about this. All winning lines pay from left to right. Winnings on different selected lines are all added. Only the highest winning combination on each selected line is paid. Winnings from free spins are added to the total win. Note: On the info bar located under the main game buttons, you can view the current BET, your BALANCE and your current WIN, in your currency, and your current CREDIT, in coins. To play, follow these steps: Use the coin value select buttons Select coin value buttons to choose a coin value. The coin value select buttons are located on the main game screen under the COIN VALUE box that shows the currently selected coin value. Note: The current bet amount, in coins, is displayed in the BET box. Click Spin button FL to place the bet and spin the reels once. The total amount won, in coins, is shown in the WIN box. For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. The total amount won, in your currency, is shown on the info bar (WIN) and is the total amount you won in coins multiplied by the coin value. Special Symbols and Features Wild The Wild symbol replaces any other symbol to form winning combinations. Random Wild At random, all instances of one random the symbol on both sets of reels become Wild. Wild Reel At random, between one and three random reels from the first set of reels become Wild and so do their corresponding reels from the second set. Free Spins Between three and 10 free spins are triggered randomly. Additional free spins can be triggered during free spins. Note: During free spins, both the Random Wild feature and the Wild Reel feature occur more frequently than during normal spins; only one of the two Wild features can be active during any type of spin. Autospin feature The loss limit setting allows stopping the autospin feature automatically when the selected limit plus your cumulative winnings minus your cumulative bets is less than 0. Note: The autoplay feature does not automatically start free spins – player input is required. Click the AUTO SPIN button Start autospin button FL to open the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window where you can set up the autospin feature. On the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window, you can set up the following: Loss limit - enter a number for the loss limit value or use the left and the right arrow buttons to select a number for the loss limit value Stop if WIN reaches - to enable this setting, click the button on its left side and then enter a number for the WIN value or use the left and the right arrow buttons to select a number for the WIN value; click the button on its left side again to disable it Stop if JACKPOT is won - (only for games with Progressive Jackpots or with a specific Jackpot value displayed) - to enable this setting, click the button on its left side; click the button on its left side again to disable it Number of AUTO SPINS to play - use the left and the right arrow buttons to select the number of autospins Click START to close the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window and start the autospin feature with the currently selected bet and number of autospins or click CANCEL to close the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window without starting the autospin feature. Click the STOP AUTOSPIN button Stop autospin button FL to stop the autospin feature at any time. Other game buttons The following buttons are available: i - click to open the paytable where you can view: information about the payout for the winning combinations, in coins information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts or specific awards the game lines and basic game rules STOP button - (available only while the reels are spinning) click this button to stop the reels faster SKIP button - (available during winning animations) click this button to skip winning animations SETTINGS window – next to the top-left corner of the second set of reel, click the settings button (list symbol) to open the Settings window where you can manage sound volumes, enable/disable the turbo feature, view gameplay history or view detailed game rules Note: To close the Settings window you can click anywhere on the main game screen or, in the top-right corner of the Settings window, click the return button. SOUND - in the Settings window, click SOUND to open the sounds and volume panel where you can use sliders to manage Effects, Music and General volumes Note: To quickly mute or unmute all game sounds, in the SETTINGS window, click the button displayed on the right side of SOUND. TURBO - in the Settings window, click TURBO to enable the turbo feature which speeds up the gameplay (spin time is reduced to a minimum); click again to disable Note: You cannot enable or disable the turbo feature while the autospin feature is active. RULES -in the Settings window, click RULES to view detailed game rules in a new browser window HISTORY - (in real mode only) in the Settings window, click HISTORY to view the gameplay history FULL SCREEN - click the full screen button in the top-left corner of the main game screen to go to full screen mode; to exit full screen, click the button again or press ESC on your keyboard Last modification date: 6/28/2017