Golden Jokers Double Up 1. Overview The goal is to obtain a winning combination on a winning way spread across the reels. Game specifications : Type Slots Number of reels 5 Number of rows 4 Number of ways 1024 Number of coins Bet: 20 Double Up Side Bet: 40 Progressive No Double feature No Auto spin feature Yes Wild symbols Yes Multiplier symbols Yes Scatter symbols Yes Bonus round Yes Free S pins Yes Instant win No RTP Standard play: 94.00 % Double Up Side Bet: 94.01 % The game disconnects if you do not take any actions for a specific number of consecutive minutes (this number varies depending on jurisdiction); the session recovery feature will save the game progress so that the next time the game is loaded, you can continue where you left off. In the event of technical difficulties resulting in a dropped connection to the game server, the game you were playing is saved automatically and will load the next time you establish a connection to the game server. You will not be able to reconnect to the game server for the first 30 seconds after the disconnection. Note : In case of malfunction all pays and play are voided; any bet that was not yet accepted will be voided, any bet that was unsettled will be refunded. 2. How to Play Note: If you do not have enough money to play a game, the bet can be set to the minimum selectable amount through a dialog window informing about this. All winning ways pay from left to right. Winnings on different ways are all added. Only the highest winning combination on each way is paid. Winnings from Free Spins are added to the total win. The auto spin feature does not automatically start free spins - player input is required.(Available only for specific jurisdictions) On the info bar, you can view the current BET, your BALANCE and your current WIN, displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 2.1. Desktop version To play, follow these steps: Click on the main screen, and then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value. Click to save the settings and return to the main screen. Note: The total BET is displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). Click to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won will be shown in the WIN field from the info bar, in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 2.2. Mobile version To play, follow these steps: Tap on the main screen, then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value. Tap to save the settings and return to the main screen. Note: The total BET is displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won will be shown in the WIN field from the info bar, in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. To toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 3. Special Symbols and Features 3.1. Wild The Wild symbol replaces any other symbols, except the Scatter symbols, to form winning combinations. Wilds only appear on Reels 2, 3 and 4 and only one Wild symbol per reel. During Free Spins , Wild symbols can randomly be x2 or x3 Wild Multiplier symbols, and multiply any wins they are part of. 3.2. Scatter Three or more Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels trigger the Bonus Wheel feature. 3 Scatter symbols will award 1 Wheel Spin 4 Scatter symbols will award 2 Wheel Spins 5 Scatter symbols will award 3 Wheel Spins 3.3. Double Up Side Bet Selecting the Double Up option will double the cost of each spin. All Scatter symbols will double in size and can land fully or partially in view to help trigger the Bonus Wheel feature (stacked scatters only count as one symbol, whether they land fully or partially in view). Note: Double Up option does not increase the payout values for any symbols or cash prizes. 3.4. Bonus Wheel feature Three or more Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels trigger the Bonus Wheel feature . Every spin of the Bonus Whee l will award a cash prize or Free Spins . For multiple Bonus Wheel spins, the prizes won on EACH spin will be awarded (Cash, Free Spins or a combination of both). All prizes won during Bonus Wheel feature will be added to balance at the end of the feature. On each spin of the Bonus Wheel the player will win one of the following 8 awards: Cash Prizes - GRAND 10,000 coins, MAJOR 2,000 coins, MINI 1,000 coins Free Spins - 15, 12, 10 or 8 Free Spins Note : The wheel does not represent a real device or physics, so segments selected may not have the same probabilities. Note: The values displayed on the award panels are shown in the selected currency/coin. 3.5. Free Spins Free Spins can only be triggered from the Bonus Wheel. During Free Spins , Top-paying Golden Joker symbol will appear both single and stacked. During Free Spins , Wild symbols can randomly be x2 or x3 Wild Multiplier symbols, and multiply any wins they are part of. Wild symbols can only appear on Reels 2, 3 & 4 and only one Wild is possible per reel. Two or more Wild Multiplier symbols will multiply each other, up to a maximum of x27. Extra Free Spins can be won from Scatter symbols during Free Spins , according to the paytable. Note: History application keys. Bonus_Picks= Wheel Spins. CASH PRIZE WIN= Cash Prize. SIDE_BET|1= Double Up Active. SIDE_BET|0= Double Up Inactive. Spin * WON x50= MINI WON. Spin * WON x100= MAJOR WON. Spin * WON x500= GRAND WON. 4. Other game buttons 4.1. Desktop version The following buttons are available: Click this button to toggle the game sound on or off. Click this button to open the PAYOUTS tab, where you can view several screens: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in either credit or your real currency - to toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area. information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts, or specific awards; basic game rules. To navigate among the various screens in the PAYOUTS tab, click on the left and right arrows at the bottom of the screen. RULES In the last of the screens from the PAYOUTS tab, click this button to view detailed game rules, in a new browser window. (in real mode only) This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Click on it to view the gameplay history, in a new browser window. This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Click on it to close the game and to open the home website, in the same browser window. (available while the reels are spinning) Click this button to stop the reels earlier. (available during winning animations) Click this button to skip the winning animations. (available only for specific jurisdictions) Click this button to activate Turbo mode. The Turbo mode speeds up the gameplay - the spin time is reduced to a minimum. 4.2. Mobile version The following buttons are available: Tap this button to toggle the game sound on or off. Tap this button to open the PAYOUTS tab, where you can view several screens: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in either credit or your real currency - to toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area. information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts, or specific awards; basic game rules. To navigate among the various screens in the PAYOUTS tab, tap on the left and right arrows at the bottom of the screen. RULES In the last of the screens from the PAYOUTS tab, tap this button to view detailed game rules, in a new browser window. (in real mode only) This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap on it to view the gameplay history in a new browser window. This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap on it to close the game and to open the home website, in the same browser window. (available while the reels are spinning) Tap this button to stop the reels earlier. (available during winning animations) Tap this button to skip the winning animations. (available only for specific jurisdictions) Tap this button to activate Turbo mode. The Turbo mode speeds up the gameplay - the spin time is reduced to a minimum. 5. Auto spin feature The loss limit setting allows stopping the auto spin feature automatically when the selected limit, plus your cumulative winnings, and minus your cumulative bets, is less than 0. 5.1. Desktop version Click the AUTO SPIN button to open the AUTO SPIN settings window where you can set up the following: Number of auto spins : click + or - to select the number of auto spins to play. Loss limit : click + or - to select the value of the loss limit; Stop if a win reaches : click + or - to select the value of the maximum win; Stop if JACKPOT is won (only for games with Progressive Jackpots): to enable this setting, tick the checkbox ; to disable it, remove the tick. Click the ACTIVATE button to close the AUTO SPIN settings window and to start the auto spin feature with the currently selected bet and auto spin setup. Click the CLOSE button to close the window without starting the auto spin feature. Click the STOP AUTO SPIN button to stop the auto spin feature at any time. 5.2. Mobile version Tap the AUTO SPIN button to open the AUTO SPIN settings window where you can set up the following: Number of auto spins : tap + or - to select the number of auto spins to play. Loss limit : tap + or - to select the value of the loss limit; Stop if a win reaches : tap + or - to select the value of the maximum win; Stop if JACKPOT is won (only for games with Progressive Jackpots): to enable this setting, tick the checkbox ; to disable it, remove the tick. Tap the ACTIVATE button to close the SPIN settings window and to start the auto spin feature with the currently selected bet and auto spin setup. Tap the CLOSE button to close the window without starting the auto spin feature. Tap the STOP AUTO SPIN button to stop the auto spin feature at any time. Last modification date: 5/20/2022