Happy Birds 1. Overview The goal is to obtain a winning combination on at least one of 243 ways spread across the reels. Game specifications: Type Slots Number of reels 5 Number of rows 3 Number of ways 243 Number of coins 25 Progressive No Double feature No Autospin feature Yes Wild symbols Yes Multiplier symbols No Scatter symbols No Bonus round Yes Free s pins Yes Instant win No RTP 95.64% Jackpot 125000 Coins (during bonus round) The game disconnects if you do not take any actions for a specific number of consecutive minutes (this number varies depending on jurisdiction); the session recovery feature will save the game progress so that the next time the game is loaded, you can continue where you left off. In the event of technical difficulties resulting a dropped connection to the game server, the game you were playing is saved automatically and will load the next time you establish a connection to the game server. You will not be able to reconnect to the game server for the first 30 seconds after the disconnection. Note : In case of malfunction all pays and play are voided; any bet that was not yet accepted will be voided, any bet that was unsettled will be refunded. 2. How to Play Note: If you do not have enough money to play a game, the bet can be set to the minimum selectable amount through a dialog window informing about this. All winning ways pay from left to right. Winnings on different ways are all added. Only the highest winning combination on each way is paid. Winnings from the bonus round and free spins are added to the total win. Winnings depend on the number of adjacent winning symbols (or ways). The number of adjacent winning symbols is calculated by multiplying the number of winning symbols on each reel. For example, if there is 1 winning symbol on reel 1, 1 winning symbol on reel 2 and 2 winning symbols on reel 3, then the number of adjacent winning symbols is 1 x 1 x 2 = 2. In this case, the number of reels involved in the win is 3 - in the paytable, you can view the gain for 3 reels for the winning symbol. 2.1. Flash version Note : On the info bar located under the main game buttons, you can view the current BET, your BALANCE and your current WINNINGS, in your currency. To play, follow these steps: Use the coin value select button to choose a coin value. The coin value select button is located in the bottom-right side of the main game screen and shows the currently selected coin value. Click one of the BET buttons to place a bet and spin the reels one time or you can use the left and right arrows on your keyboard to select a BET and then click SPIN . To place the same bet again and spin the reel one more time, click SPIN . Note : BET 1 places a bet of 1x number of coins, BET 2 places a bet of 2x number of coins, BET 3 places a bet of 3x number of coins, BET 4 places a bet of 4x number of coins and BET 5 places a bet of 5x number of coins. Your bet will be: the coin bet (BET 1, 2, 3, 4 or 5) times 25 coins times coin value . The total amount won, in your currency, according to the paytable, is shown in the WINNINGS box. For each winning combination, the amount won is the number of adjacent winning symbols multiplied by the amount shown in the paytable for the number of reels involved in the win. 3. Special Symbols and Features 3.1. Wild The Wild symbol replaces any other symbol except Bonus and Magic Hoop, during normal spins and free spins. 3.2. Free Spins Free spins are triggered when the Magic Hoop symbol appears anywhere on reels 2 and 4, at the same time – a random number of free spins are awarded. During each free spin, one of the following will occur: one or more random symbols on the screen (except on reel 1) become wild, only if, by becoming wild a winning combination is formed a random reel, except reel 1, becomes wild, only if, by becoming wild, a winning combination is formed 4 adjacent symbols on the screen (except on reel 1) forming a 2x2 square become wild, only if, by becoming wild, a winning combination is formed Note : During free spins, Bonus and Magic Hoop symbols are not transformed into wild. During free spins, other free spins can be triggered; there is no limit to how many times free spins are re-triggered. During free spins, the amount bet remains the same as the bet on the spin that has triggered the free spins and cannot be changed. 3.3. Bonus Three or more Bonus symbols anywhere on the screen trigger the bonus round. When the bonus round starts you have to pick one of the three birds. During the bonus round, click the balloons you want to target and shot in order to win a prize: a random amount – each amount won is added to the total bonus win, after the current multiplier is applied x2 to x10 multipliers – each multiplier is applied to the next amount you win The current multiplier is displayed on the left side of the screen in the MULTIPLIER box. The current winnings are displayed on the right side of the screen in the WIN box. A summary of the amounts won for each awarded multiplier is displayed at the end of the bonus round. The total bonus winnings are added to the total winnings. 4. Autospin feature The loss limit setting allows stopping the autospin feature automatically when the selected limit plus your cumulative winnings minus your cumulative bets is less than 0. Note: The autospin feature does not automatically start free spins or the bonus round - player input is required. 4.1. Flash version Click the AUTO SPIN button to open the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window where you can set up the autospin feature. On the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window, you can set up the following: Loss limit - enter a number for the loss limit value or use the left and the right arrow buttons to select a number for the loss limit value Stop if WIN reaches - to enable this setting, click the button on its left side and then enter a number for the WIN value or use the left and the right arrow buttons to select a number for the WIN value; click the button on its left side again to disable it Stop if JACKPOT is won - (only for games with Progressive Jackpots or with a specific Jackpot value displayed) - to enable this setting, click the button on its left side; click the button on its left side again to disable it Number of AUTO SPINS to play - use the left and the right arrow buttons to select the number of autospins Click START to close the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window and start the autospin feature with the currently selected bet and number of autospins or click CANCEL to close the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window without starting the autospin feature. Click the STOP xx/yy button to stop the autospin feature at any time; xx represents the remaining number of autospins and yy represents the number of autospins to play that you selected on the AUTO SPINS SETTINGS window. 5. Other game buttons 5.1. Flash version The following buttons are available: PAYTABLE - click to open the paytable where you can view: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in your currency information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts or specific awards the available keyboard shortcuts and short game rules STOP - (available only while the reels are spinning) click this button to stop the reels faster SKIP - (available during winning animations) click this button to skip winning animations settings window button - in the top-right corner of the main game screen, click the settings button (cog symbol) to open the Settings window where you can toggle fullscreen mode, manage sound volumes, view gameplay history or view detailed game rules Note : To close the Settings window you can click anywhere on the main game screen, or, in the top-left corner of the Settings window, click the return button. sound button - in the Settings window, click SOUND to open the sounds and volume panel where you can use sliders to manage Winning, Game and Background sounds or the general Volume; click SAVE to save any changes you make Note : To quickly mute or unmute all game sounds, in the Settings window, click the button displayed on the right side of SOUND. rules button - in the Settings window, click RULES to view detailed game rules in a new browser window history button - (in real mode only) in the Settings window, click HISTORY to view the gameplay history full screen button - in the Settings window, click FULLSCREEN to go to full screen mode; to exit full screen, click the button again or press ESC on your keyboard tooltips button - in the top-left corner of the main game screen, click the keyboard key symbol to open the tooltips window that shows available shortcuts; click anywhere on the screen to close this window BACK - when you are in the paytable, click BACK to return to the main game screen Last modification date: 3/30/2017