Heavy Metal: Warriors 1. Overview The goal is to obtain a winning combination on at least one of 243 ways spread across the reels. Game specifications: Type Slots Number of reels 5 Number of rows 3 Number of ways 243 Number of coins 40 Progressive No Double feature No Autoplay feature Yes Wild symbols Yes Multiplier symbols No Scatter symbols No Bonus round Yes Free spins Yes Instant win No RTP 96.29% at max bet Jackpot 5000 coins per way at max bet The game disconnects if you do not take any actions for a specific number of consecutive minutes (this number varies depending on jurisdiction); the session recovery feature will save the game progress so that the next time the game is loaded, you can continue where you left off. In the event of technical difficulties resulting a dropped connection to the game server, the game you were playing is saved automatically and will load the next time you establish a connection to the game server. You will not be able to reconnect to the game server for the first 30 seconds after the disconnection. Note : In case of malfunction all pays and play are voided; any bet that was not yet accepted will be voided, any bet that was unsettled will be refunded. 2. How to Play Note: If you do not have enough money to play a game, the bet can be set to the minimum selectable amount through a dialog window informing about this. All winning ways pay from left to right. Winnings on different ways are all added. The winnings from Free Spins and bonuses are added to the total balance. Only the highest winning combination on each way is paid. 2.1. Flash version Note : On the info bar located under the main game buttons, you can view the current BET, your BALANCE and your current WINNINGS, in your currency. To play, follow these steps: Use the coin value select button to choose a coin value. Click one of the BET buttons to place a bet and spin the reels one time or you can use the left and right arrows on your keyboard to select a BET and then click SPIN . To place the same bet again and spin the reel one more time, click SPIN . Note: BET 1 places a bet of 1x number of coins, BET 2 places a bet of 2x number of coins, BET 3 places a bet of 3x number of coins, BET 4 places a bet of 4x number of coins and BET 5 places a bet of 5x number of coins. Your bet will be: the coin bet (BET 1, 2, 3, 4 or 5) times 40 coins times coin value . The total bet, in your currency, is displayed on each of the BET buttons. The total amount won, according to the paytable, is shown in the WINNINGS box. For each winning combination, the amount won is the number of adjacent winning symbols multiplied by the amount shown in the paytable for the number of reels involved in the win. The number of adjacent winning symbols is calculated by multiplying the number of winning symbols on each reel. For example, if there is 1 winning symbol on reel 1, 1 winning symbol on reel 2 and 2 winning symbols on reel 3, then the number of adjacent winning symbols is 1 x 1 x 2 = 2. In this case, the number of reels involved in the win is 3 – in the paytable, you can view the gain for 3 reels for the winning symbol. 3. Special Symbols and Features 3.1. Wild The normal Wild symbol replaces any other symbols, except Bonus . During normal spins, the normal Wild symbol can appear only on reels 2, 3 and 4 – the normal Wild symbol does not appear during free spins. The normal Wild symbol extends on the whole reel, no matter where on that reel it appears, and only if it forms a winning combination. In addition to any normal winnings, when you get one or more extended Wilds, you also win one free respin. The respin starts after winnings are paid and, during the respin, any extended Wilds remain in place. If during the free respin other Wilds extend then, for the new respin, the previous extended Wild(s) and the new extended Wild(s) remain extended. Note : Up to three consecutive free respins are possible. 3.2. Bonus During normal and during free spins, 3 to 5 Bonus symbols anywhere on the reels transform into Pick Me symbols. You have to choose one of the Pick Me symbols to win a random number of free spins (between 10 and 30). In addition, during normal spins, 3 to 5 Bonus symbols anywhere on the reels also pay an extra amount, as shown in the paytable. 3.3. Super Bonus Wild The Super Bonus Wild can appear only during free spins, and only on reel 5: if it appears in the top position on reel 5, then the symbols in the top positions on reels 3 and 4 are transformed into Wilds if it appears in the middle position on reel 5, then the symbols in the middle positions on reels 3 and 4 are transformed into Wilds if it appears in the bottom position on reel 5, then the symbols in the bottom positions on reels 3 and 4 are transformed into Wilds 4. Autospin feature The loss limit setting allows stopping the autospin feature automatically when the selected limit plus your cumulative winnings minus your cumulative bets is less than 0. Note : The autoplay feature does not automatically play the Instant bonus round – player input is required. 4.1. Flash version Click the AUTO SPIN button to open the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window where you can set up the autospin feature. On the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window, you can set up the following: Loss limit - enter a number for the loss limit value or use the left and the right arrow buttons to select a number for the loss limit value Stop if WIN reaches - to enable this setting, click the button on its left side and then enter a number for the WIN value or use the left and the right arrow buttons to select a number for the WIN value; click the button on its left side again to disable it Stop if JACKPOT is won - (only for games with Progressive Jackpots or with a specific Jackpot value displayed) - to enable this setting, click the button on its left side; click the button on its left side again to disable it Number of AUTO SPINS to play - use the left and the right arrow buttons to select the number of autospins Click START to close the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window and start the autospin feature with the currently selected bet and number of autospins or click CANCEL to close the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window without starting the autospin feature. Click the STOP xx/yy button to stop the autospin feature at any time; xx represents the remaining number of autospins and yy represents the number of autospins to play that you selected on the AUTO SPINS SETTINGS window. 5. Other game buttons 5.1. Flash version The following buttons are available: PAYTABLE – click to open the paytable where you can view: information about the payout for the winning combinations, in your currency information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts or specific awards the keyboard shortcuts and short game rules SKIP – (available during winning animations) click this button to skip winning animations settings window button – in the top-right corner of the main game screen, click the settings button to open the Settings window where you can manage sound volumes, view gameplay history or view detailed game rules Note : To close the Settings window you can click anywhere on the main game screen, or, in the top-left corner of the Settings window, click the return button. sound button – in the Settings window, click SOUND to open the sounds and volume panel where you can use sliders to manage Winning, Game and Background sounds or the general Volume; click SAVE to save any changes you make Note : To quickly mute or unmute all game sounds, in the Settings window, click the button displayed on the right side of SOUND. rules button – in the Settings window, click RULES to view detailed game rules in a new browser window history button – (in real mode only) in the Settings window, click HISTORY to view the gameplay history full screen button – in the Settings window, click FULLSCREEN to go to full screen mode; to exit full screen, click the button again or press ESC on your keyboard. SHORTCUTS button – in the top-left corner of the game screen, click the SHORTCUTS button to view available keyboard shortcuts BACK – when you are in the paytable, click BACK to return to the main game screen Last modification date: 5/25/2017