Hot Spin 1. Overview Note : This game is available in portrait mode only. The goal is to obtain a winning combination on a winning line spread across the reels. Game specifications : Type Slots Number of reels 5 Number of rows 3 Number of lines 20 (cannot be changed) Number of coins you can bet 20 (cannot be changed) Progressive No Double feature No Autospin feature Yes Wild symbols Yes Multiplier symbols No Scatter symbols Yes (Bonus symbol) Bonus round Yes Free s pins Yes (Hot Spins) Instant win No RTP 96% Jackpot 500 coins on each line, during normal spins 2. How to Play Note: If you do not have enough money to play a game, the bet can be set to the minimum selectable amount through a dialog window informing about this. All winning lines pay from left to right. Winnings on different lines are all added. Only the highest winning combination on each line is paid. Winnings from the bonus round are added to the total win. Note : The auto spin feature does not automatically start free spins – player input is required. On the info bar(s), you can view the current BET, your BALANCE and your current WIN, in your currency, and your current CREDIT, in coins. 2.1. Desktop version To play, follow these steps: Click and then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value. Note: The total bet, in your currency, is displayed above the currently selected coin value. Click to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won, in coins, according to the pay table, is shown in the Win popup. For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the pay table for that winning combination. The total amount won, in your currency, is shown on the info bar (WIN) and is the total amount you won in coins multiplied by the coin value. 2.2. Mobile version To play, follow these steps: Tap to open the settings screen. On the settings screen, tap then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value. Tap to return to the main screen. Note: The total bet, in your currency, is displayed above the currently selected coin value. Tap to spin the reels one time. The total amount won, in coins, according to the pay table, is shown in the Win popup. For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the pay table for that winning combination. The total amount won, in your currency, is shown on the info bar (WIN) and is the total amount you won in coins multiplied by the coin value. 3. Special Symbols and Features 3.1. Wild The Wild symbol replaces any other symbols, except the Bonus symbol. 3.2. Hot Wheel Bonus 3 Bonus symbols anywhere on reels 1, 3 and 5 trigger the Hot Wheel Bonus round. Note : Bonus symbols can appear only on reels 1, 3 and 5. During the Hot Wheel Bonus round, the Inner Hot Wheel awards randomly up to 15 Hot Spins (Free Spins) and the Outer Hot Wheel awards randomly one of the following special features: 10 Wilds - 10 Wilds will randomly land on the reels during each Hot Spin; Super Win Spins - awards at least one winning line on every Hot Spin and a random multiplier: X2, X3, X4 (the multiplier remains the same during all current Hot Spins); Wild Reels - 1, 2 or 3 random reels will turn into Wild Reels on each Hot Spin; In Sync - 2 or 3 random reels will spin in sync on each Hot Spin; 6 Mystery Symbols - 6 random positions on the reels will turn into Mystery Symbol positions and will remain so until the end of the current Hot Spins (each Mystery Symbol position will have the same symbol at the end of the Hot Spin); 7 Wilds - 7 Wilds will randomly land on the reels during each Hot Spin; Super In Sync - 3 or 4 random reels will spin in sync on each Hot Spin; 5 Wilds - 5 Wilds will randomly land on the reels during each Hot Spin; 8 Mystery Symbols - 8 random positions on the reels will turn into Mystery Symbol positions and will remain so until the end of the current Hot Spins (each Mystery Symbol position will have the same symbol at the end of the Hot Spin); Super Wild Reels - 3, 4 or 5 random reels will turn into Wild Reels on each Hot Spin; Win Spins - awards at least one winning line on every Hot Spin; Mega Reel - reels 1, 2 and 3 or 2, 3 and 4 will turn into mega reels (same symbol on each position of the reels) on each Hot Spin. Note : During the Hot Wheel Bonus round, you cannot change the coin value. Winnings from the Hot Wheel Bonus round are added to the total win. 3.3. Hot Spin Randomly, any normal spin can turn into a Hot Spin with one of the special features described in section 3.2. Hot Wheel Bonus . 4. Auto spin feature The loss limit setting allows stopping the auto spin feature automatically when the selected limit plus your cumulative winnings minus your cumulative bets is less than 0. 4.1. Desktop version Click the AUTO SPIN button to open the SPIN settings window where you can set up the following: Number of auto spins: click + or - to select the number of auto spins to play; Advanced settings: Loss limit: click the current loss limit value, use the on-screen number pad to enter a value and then confirm your selection (click button to clear your selection and start again); click to close the on-screen number pad without confirming; Stop if a win reaches: click the current value, use the on-screen number pad to enter a value and then confirm your selection (click button to clear your selection and start again); click to close the on-screen number pad without confirming; Stop if JACKPOT is won: (only for games with Progressive Jackpots) - to enable this setting, move the adjacent On/Off switch to On ; move to Off to disable it. Click ACTIVATE to close the SPIN settings window and start the auto spin feature with the currently selected bet and auto spin setup. Click anywhere outside the settings window to close it without starting the auto spin feature. Click the STOP AUTO SPIN button to stop the auto spin feature at any time. 4.2. Mobile version Tap to open the SPIN settings screen, tap and then set up the following: Number of auto spins: tap + or - to select the number of auto spins to play; Advanced settings: Loss limit: tap the current loss limit value, use the on-screen number pad to enter a value and then confirm your selection (tap to clear your selection and start again); tap to close the on-screen number pad without confirming; Stop if a win reaches : tap the current value, use the on-screen number pad to enter a value and then confirm your selection (tap to clear your selection and start again); tap to close the on-screen number pad without confirming; Stop if JACKPOT is won: (only for games with Progressive Jackpots) - to enable this setting, move the adjacent On/Off switch to On; move to Off to disable it. Tap ACTIVATE to close the SPIN settings screen and start the auto spin feature with the currently selected bet and auto spin setup. Tap Return button to close the settings screen without starting the auto spin feature. To stop the Auto Spin at any time, on the main game screen, tap . 5. Other game buttons 5.1. Desktop version The following buttons are available: Click to open the pay table where you can view: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in coins; information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts or specific awards; the game lines and basic game rules. (available only while the reels are spinning) Click this button to stop the reels faster. (available during winning animations) Click this button to skip winning animations. In the bottom left side of the game screen, click this button to open the settings panel. In the bottom right side of the game screen, click this button to go to full screen mode; to exit full screen mode, click or press ESC on your keyboard. n the settings panel, click this button to toggle the game's sound. (in real mode only) In the settings panel, click this button to view the gameplay history in a new browser window. In the settings panel, click this button to close the game and open the home website, in the same browser window. RULES In the pay table, click this button to view detailed game rules in a new browser window. TURBO (available only for specific jurisdictions) On the SPIN settings window, move the On/Off switch adjacent to TURBO to ON to enable the turbo feature which speeds up the gameplay (spin time is reduced to a minimum); move to OFF to disable this feature. 5.2. Mobile version The following buttons are available: On the main screen, tap this button to open the settings screen. Tap to close the settings screen. On the settings screen, tap this button to open the pay table where you can view information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in coins; information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts or specific awards; the game lines, basic game rules. On the settings screen, tap this button to open the options screen. On the options screen, tap this button to toggle the game's sound. (in real mode only) On the settings screen, tap this button and then tap HISTORY to view the gameplay history in a new browser window. On the options screen, tap the Home button to close the game and open the home website, in the same browser window. (available while the reels are spinning or when the auto spin feature is active) Click this button to stop the reels faster or to stop the auto spin feature. (available during winning animations) Tap this button to skip winning animations. RULES In the pay table, tap this button to view detailed game rules in a new browser window. TURBO (available only for specific jurisdictions) On the SPIN settings screen, move the On/Off switch adjacent to TURBO to ON to enable the turbo feature which speeds up the gameplay (spin time is reduced to a minimum); move to OFF to disable this feature. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 7/9/2020