Illusions 2 1. How to Play Note: If you do not have enough money to play a game, the bet can be set to the minimum selectable amount through a dialog window informing about this. All winning lines pay from left to right. Wins on different selected lines are all added. Only the highest winning combination on each selected line is paid. Winnings from free spins are added to the total win. Note: On the info bar located under the main game buttons, you can view the current BET, your BALANCE and your current WINNINGS, in your currency. To play, follow these steps: Use the coin value select button to choose a coin value. The coin value select button is located in the bottom-left side of the main game screen and shows the currently selected coin value. Use the LINE BET button to choose the amount of coins you want to bet on each active line. Use the LINES button to choose the number of active lines. Note: The current bet amount, in your currency, is displayed in the BET box. Click SPIN to place the bet and spin the reels once. You can click the BET MAX button to place the maximum bet (maximum number of coins per line) for the currently selected coin value and spin the reels once. The total amount won, in your currency, according to the paytable, is shown in the WINNINGS box. For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination multiplied by the coin value and by the line bet. Special Symbols and Features Wild Reel (Trick symbol) This symbol appears only during free spins and can replace any other symbol except Wild multiplier, Scatter and Bonus; when this symbol appears, it will remain throughout the free spins. Note: More than one Wild Reel (Trick symbol) symbols can appear during free spins. Special Symbols and Features Wild Reel (Trick symbol) This symbol appears only during free spins and can replace any other symbol except Wild multiplier, Scatter and Bonus; when this symbol appears, it will remain throughout the free spins. Note: More than one Wild Reel (Trick symbol) symbols can appear during free spins. Wild Replaces any symbols except Wild Reel (Trick symbol), Wild multiplier, Scatter and Bonus. Wild Multipliers The Wild multiplier symbols replace any symbol except Wild, Wild Reel (Trick symbol), Scatter and Bonus. The number shown on the multiplier symbol will multiply the wins per line. If several multiplier symbols are present on a winning active line, the total multiplier will be calculated by multiplying the numbers shown on the Wild multiplier symbols. Example: A three symbol combination in which one symbol is a normal symbol, and two symbols are X2, the total multiplier is X4. Scatter Scatters pay anywhere on the reels, according to the paytable. Bonus Three or more Bonus symbols anywhere on the reels, award 5, 8 or 15 free spins (depending on the player’s choice during the bonus round) in Base game and in Free spins. Note: During the free spins, you are not allowed to change the coin value. The bonus can be won during free spins. Once the Bonus round is started, the player has to choose the desired Free Spins from: 5 Free Spins with a 6X multiplier 8 Free Spins with a 3X multiplier 15 Free Spins with a 1X multiplier These multipliers apply only to the specific free spins. Note: The Free Spins awarded by the Bonus round are played with the same bet lines, bet per line and coin value as the round that activated the Free Spins - during the free spins, you are not allowed to change the coin value. The Bonus can be won indefinitely during free spins – when three or more Bonus symbols appear scattered on the reels. The multiplier chosen when starting the free spins is valid only for those specific free spins. Any Bonus won during free spins will be added to a 'stack' of collected symbols; in the Flash version, the stack is displayed on the left side of the game screen, in the Mobile version, the number of symbols in the stack is displayed in the top-right side of the game screen. The Wild Reel symbol can appear on any reel but only during the free spins. When a Wild Reel symbol appears, it will extend and remain in place until the free games of that type are completed. The Wild Reel symbol can appear on any reel and more than one can be active at the same time; it replaces any symbol except Wild multipliers, Scatter and Bonus. If free spins are won during free spins, the extended reels are reset when each set of free spins is completed. After completing the Free Spins and upon returning to the normal game screen, the winnings are added to the final balance. Autospin feature The loss limit setting allows stopping the autospin feature automatically when the selected limit plus your cumulative winnings minus your cumulative bets is less than 0. Note: The autospin feature does not automatically start the bonus round or free spins – player input is required. Flash version Click the AUTO SPIN button to open the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window, where you can set up the autospin feature. On the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window, you can set up the following: Loss limit – enter a number for the loss limit value or use the left and the right arrow buttons to select a number for the loss limit value Stop if WIN reaches – to enable this setting, click the button on its left side and then enter a number for the WIN value or use the left and the right arrow buttons to select a number for the WIN value; click the button on its left side again to disable it Stop if JACKPOT is won - (only for games with Progressive Jackpots or with a specific Jackpot value displayed) - to enable this setting, click the button on its left side; click the button on its left side again to disable it Number of AUTO SPINS to play – use the left and the right arrow buttons to select the number of autospins Click START to close the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window and start the autospin feature with the currently selected bet and number of autospins or click CANCEL to close the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window without starting the autospin feature. Click the STOP xx/yy button to stop the autospin feature at any time; xx represents the remaining number of autospins and yy represents the number of autospins to play that you selected on the AUTO SPINS SETTINGS window. Last modification date: 5/23/2017