Jumbo Stampede Overview The goal is to obtain a winning combination on a winning way spread across the reels. Game specifications : Type Slots Number of reels 6 Number of rows 4 Number of ways 4096 Number of coins 20 Progressive No Double feature No Auto spin feature Yes Wild symbols Yes Multiplier symbols No Scatter symbols Yes Bonus round No Free S pins Yes Instant win No RTP 95.94% 2. How to Play Note: If you do not have enough money to play a game, the bet can be set to the minimum selectable amount through a dialog window informing about this. All winning ways pay from left to right. Winnings on different ways are all added. Only the highest winning combination on each way is paid. Winnings from Free Spins are added to the total win. Note: The number of adjacent winning symbols (ways) is calculated by multiplying the number of winning symbols on each reel. For example, if there is 1 winning symbol on reel 1, 1 winning symbol on reel 2 and 2 winning symbols on reel 3, then the number of adjacent winning symbols is 1 x 1 x 2 = 2. In this case, the number of reels involved in the win is 3 – in the paytable, you can view the gain for 3 reels for the winning symbol. The auto spin feature does not automatically start Free Spins – player input is required. On the info bar(s), you can view the current BET, your BALANCE and your current WIN, in your currency, and your current CREDIT, in coins. 2.1. Desktop version To play, follow these steps: Click and then use the + and - buttons to to select a coin value. Note: The total bet, in your currency, is displayed above the currently selected coin value. Click to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won, in coins, according to the pay table, is shown in the Win popup. For each winning combination, the amount won is the number of adjacent winning symbols multiplied by the amount shown in the paytable for the number of reels involved in the win. The total amount won, in your currency, is shown on the info bar (WIN) and is the total amount you won in coins multiplied by the coin value. 2.2. Mobile version To play, follow these steps: Tap to open the settings screen. On the settings screen, tap then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value. Tap to return to the main screen. Note: The total bet, in your currency, is displayed above the currently selected coin value. Tap to spin the reels one time. The total amount won, in coins, according to the pay table, is shown in the Win popup. For each winning combination, the amount won is the number of adjacent winning symbols multiplied by the amount shown in the paytable for the number of reels involved in the win. The total amount won, in your currency, is shown on the info bar (WIN) and is the total amount you won in coins multiplied by the coin value. 3. Special Symbols and Features 3.1. Wild The Wild symbol replaces any other symbols, except Scatter, to form winning combinations. Wild symbols appear only on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5, only one Wild per reel. During Free Spins, when a Wild symbol lands on a reel, it transforms into a X2 or X3 symbol. The X2 symbol will act as if there are 2 Wilds on that reel and the X3 symbol will act as if there are 3 Wilds on that reel. Example : Consider the example below. On Reel 2, a Wild transforms into a X3 symbol and on Reel 3 a Wild transforms into a X2 symbol. Along with the actual Q symbols on those reels, it would mean that on Reel 2 you have 5 x Q symbols and on Reel 3 you have 4 x Q symbols , resulting in a win of 20 ways of 4-of-a-kind Queens: 1 x 5 x 4 x 1 = 20 Ways. Reel 1 Reel 2 Reel 3 Reel 4 Reel 5 Reel 6 Row 1 Q x x x x x Row 2 x Q X2 x x x Row 3 x X3 Q x x x Row 4 x Q Q Q x x Result: 1Q 5Q 4Q 1Q - - 20 Ways 3.2. Scatter Three or more Scatter symbols (elephant amulet) anywhere on the reels pay according to the paytable. During Free Spins, two or more Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels award additional Free Spins, according to the paytable. 3.3. Free Spins During Free Spins, Jumbo symbols (elephant) and Wilds that substitute Jumbo symbols pay even if not on adjacent reels, according to the paytable. Jumbo symbols (elephant) in Free Spins have the same payout values as Jumbo symbols in the base game, according to the paytable. Note: During Free Spins, the amount bet remains the same as the bet on the spin that has triggered the Free Spins and cannot be changed. During Free Spins, Jumbo symbols (Elephants) are blue to show that they are paying on non adjacent reels. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 7/9/2020