Kobushi 1. Overview The goal is to obtain a winning combination on a winning line spread across the reels. Game specifications : Type Slots Number of reels 5 Number of rows 3 Number of lines 1 to 30 Number of coins you can bet per line 1 to 5 Progressive Yes Double feature No Autospin feature Yes Wild symbols Yes Multiplier symbols No Scatter symbols Yes Bonus round Yes Free s pins Yes Instant win No RTP 95.10% - 97.50% Jackpot Progressive The game disconnects if you do not take any actions for a specific number of consecutive minutes (this number varies depending on jurisdiction); the session recovery feature will save the game progress so that the next time the game is loaded, you can continue where you left off. In the event of technical difficulties resulting a dropped connection to the game server, the game you were playing is saved automatically and will load the next time you establish a connection to the game server. You will not be able to reconnect to the game server for the first 30 seconds after the disconnection. Note : In case of malfunction all pays and play are voided; any bet that was not yet accepted will be voided, any bet that was unsettled will be refunded. 2. How to Play Note: If you do not have enough money to play a game, the bet can be set to the minimum selectable amount through a dialog window informing about this. All winning lines pay from left to right. Wins on different selected lines are all added. Only the highest winning combination on each selected line is paid. Winnings from free spins and scatters are added to the total win. 2.1. Flash version Note : On the info bar located under the main game buttons, you can view the current BET, your BALANCE and your current WINNINGS, in your currency. To play, follow these steps: Use the coin value select button to choose a coin value. The coin value select button is located in the bottom-left side of the main game screen and shows the currently selected coin value. Use the LINE BET button to choose the amount of coins you want to bet on each active line. Use the LINES button to choose the number of active lines. Note : The current bet amount, in your currency, is displayed in the BET box. Click SPIN to place the bet and spin the reels once. You can click the BET MAX button to place the maximum bet (maximum number of coins per line and maximum number of lines) for the currently selected coin value and spin the reels once. The total amount won, in your currency, according to the paytable, is shown in the WINNINGS box. For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination multiplied by the coin value and by the line bet. 3. Special Symbols and Features 3.1. Wild Replaces any symbol except Scatter, Kobushi bonus and Big cat bonus symbols. 3.2. Scatter Scatters pay anywhere on the reels, according to the paytable. 3.3. Bonus Bonus Kobushi: three or more Kobushi Bonus symbols anywhere on the reels start the bonus. Once the bonus starts, all the symbols on the reels will transform into KOBUSHI Pick Me! symbols. During the Kobushi Bonus: you can select KOBUSHI Pick Me! symbols until, instead of a prize, a Cat is found any first two selected KOBUSHI Pick Me! symbols will always award wins the amount that can be won during Bonus Kobushi depends on the amount bet; for each Bonus Kobushi , a prize is awarded randomly from 2 to 500, the random prize is then multiplied by the amount bet during the spin that awarded the Bonus Kobushi and the resulting prize is split into random parts for the KOBUSHI Pick Me! symbols if a Jackpot Kobushi or Jackpot Sushi symbol is found, the bonus round ends; it is not possible to win the Sushi Jackpot and Kobushi Jackpot on the first KOBUSHI Pick Me! symbol uncovered the wins from Bonus Kobushi are added to the final game balance Bonus Big Cat: three or more Big Cat symbols anywhere on the reels start the bonus. During the Bonus Big Cat, the player will receive: a random number of free spins between 5 and 20 a win multiplier (X2 to X5) a special "wild" symbol (chosen randomly from one of the 10 normal symbols) special "wild"(labelled as extra wild) symbols can replace all symbols except Scatter, Bonus(Big Cat) and Wild symbols during free spins, a normal Wild on the middle of any reel will extend across the reel and remain for the current remaining free spins; the extended wild is not applicable for free spins re-triggers. For the further respective re-triggers, if during those free spins a normal Wild appears on the middle of any reel, it will extend across the reel and remain for the respective remaining free spins Note : The wild expansion cannot cover scatter or bonus, but can only cover new extra wild or normal symbols. During the Free spins, the Bonus Kobushi symbols will not appear. Bonus Big Cat feature can be retriggered during free spins and will award 5 to 20 additional free spins which are random. All retriggered Bonus Big Cat free spins are played with a random multiplier higher than the previous one, but not higher than X5, and with one symbol acting as a special "wild". Special "wild" acts as the normal wild symbols (including payouts). The special "wild" symbol becomes a normal symbol once the retriggered specific bonus Big Cat free spins are completed. If free spins are retriggered, the new set of free spins will start with a new randomly chosen extra wild symbol, but only after the current free spins are finished. The maximum number of Free spins (including re-triggered) that can be won in a session is 100. If the maximum number of free spins has been reached, free spins will no longer be awarded. The Free Spins rounds are played with the same bet lines, bet per line and coin value as the round activated the Free Spins. All free spin wins during the bonus big cat round are multiplied by the respective free spins multiplier awarded. The wins from Bonus Big Cat Free spins are added to the final game balance. 3.4. Progressive Jackpot There are two available progressive jackpots: Sushi Jackpot and Kobushi Jackpot . The Progressive Jackpots can be won only during Bonus Kobushi round when clicking the KOBUSHI Pick Me! symbols. The progressive Jackpots can be won only while playing using the maximum number of coins and maximum number of lines. Note: Only one progressive jackpot can be won at a time during Bonus Kobushi . With every bet, the base progressive jackpot value (the progressive pool) is increased with 0.5% of that bet. Note : The base progressive value (progressive pool) is a value stored in Euros and it is associated to a bet of 10 Euros (which may not be available for you to select in the game): Sushi Jackpot – 50,000.00 seed + any 0.5% increments from all bets Kobushi Jackpot –250,000.00 seed + any 0.5% increments from all bets The Progressive Jackpot counters display the progressive jackpot value for the currently selected coin value. The displayed jackpot value is proportional to the selected coin value and is a portion of the progressive pool, calculated depending on the currently selected coin value. Note : The maximum available progressive is paid when playing with the maximum available coin value. The Jackpot value is refreshed once every 3 seconds. Depending on the clients’ internet service provider as well as their hardware, server-to-client delays will vary from player to player and from message to message. Between two successive refreshes of the Progressive Jackpot counter, it is possible for two or more players to win the jackpot in close succession. In this case, the first player that wins the Jackpot is awarded the Progressive Jackpot amount in full, while the subsequent winner is awarded the minimum guaranteed Progressive Jackpot, as well as 0.5% of the bets placed between the two successive Jackpot wins. 4. Autospin feature The loss limit setting allows stopping the autospin feature automatically when the selected limit plus your cumulative winnings minus your cumulative bets is less than 0. Note : The autospin feature does not automatically start the bonus round or free spins - player input is required. 4.1. Flash version Click the AUTO SPIN button to open the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window, where you can set up the autospin feature. On the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window, you can set up the following: Loss limit - enter a number for the loss limit value or use the left and the right arrow buttons to select a number for the loss limit value Stop if WIN reaches - to enable this setting, click the button on its left side and then enter a number for the WIN value or use the left and the right arrow buttons to select a number for the WIN value; click the button on its left side again to disable it Stop if JACKPOT is won - (only for games with Progressive Jackpots or with a specific Jackpot value displayed) - to enable this setting, click the button on its left side; click the button on its left side again to disable it Number of AUTO SPINS to play - use the left and the right arrow buttons to select the number of autospins Click START to close the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window and start the autospin feature with the currently selected bet and number of autospins or click CANCEL to close the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window without starting the autospin feature. Click the STOP xx/yy button to stop the autospin feature at any time; xx represents the remaining number of autospins and yy represents the number of autospins to play that you selected on the AUTO SPINS SETTINGS window. 5. Other game buttons 5.1. Flash version The following buttons are available: i - click to open the paytable where you can view: information about the payout for the winning combinations, in coins information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payout or specific awards the available keyboard shortcuts, the game lines and short game rules STOP - (available only while the reels are spinning) click this button to stop the reels faster SKIP - (available during winning animations) click this button to skip winning animations game options button - in the top left corner of the game screen, click the wrench symbol to open the game options window where you can move sliders to manage winning, game and background sounds or the general volume; click SAVE to close the options window and save any changes you make or click CANCEL to close the options window without saving sound button - in the top left corner of the screen, click the speaker symbol to toggle the game sound rules button - in the top left corner of the game screen, click the ? symbol to view detailed game rules in a new browser window history button - (in real mode only) in the top left corner of the game screen, click the clock symbol to view the gameplay history close button - in the top right corner of the game screen, click X to close the game full screen button - in the top right corner of the game screen, click the button next to X to go to full screen mode; to exit full screen, click the button again or press ESC on your keyboard BACK - when you are in the paytable, click BACK to return to the main game screen Last modification date: 3/30/2017