Lost Boys Loot Game Rules 1. Overview The goal is to obtain a winning combination on a winning line spread across the reels. Game specifications : Type Slots Number of reels 5 Number of rows 3 Number of lines 20 (cannot be changed) Number of coins you can bet 1 - per line (cannot be changed) Progressive No Double feature No Auto spin feature Yes Wild symbols Yes (Hook, single and stacked. Tink) Multiplier symbols No Scatter symbols Yes Bonus round Yes Free s pins Yes, Two Instant win No RTP 96.01% The game disconnects if you do not take any actions for a specific number of consecutive minutes (this number varies depending on jurisdiction); the session recovery feature will save the game progress so that the next time the game is loaded, you can continue where you left off. In the event of technical difficulties resulting in a dropped connection to the game server, the game you were playing is saved automatically and will load the next time you establish a connection to the game server. You will not be able to reconnect to the game server for the first 30 seconds after the disconnection. Note: In case of malfunction all pays and play are voided; any bet that was not yet accepted will be voided, any bet that was unsettled will be refunded. 2. How to Play Note: If you do not have enough money to play a game, the bet can be set to the minimum selectable amount through a dialog window informing about this. All winning lines pay from left to right. Wins on different lines are all added. Only the highest winning combination on each line is paid. Winnings from free spins are added to the total win. The auto spin feature does not automatically start free spins – player input is required. On the info bar(s), you can view the current BET, your BALANCE and your current WIN, in your currency, and your current CREDIT, in coins. 2.1. Desktop version To play, follow these steps: 1.Click and then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value and the number of coins to bet per line. Note: The total bet, in your currency, is displayed above the currently selected coin value. 2.Click to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won, in coins, according to the pay table, is shown in the Win popup. For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the pay table for that winning combination. The total amount won, in your currency, is shown on the info bar (WIN) and is the total amount you won in coins multiplied by the coin value. 2.2. Mobile version To play, follow these steps: 1.Tap to open the settings screen. 2.On the settings screen, tap then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value and the number of coins to bet per line. Tap to return to the main screen. Note: The total bet, in your currency, is displayed above the currently selected coin value. 3.Tap to spin the reels one time. The total amount won, in coins, according to the pay table, is shown in the Win popup. For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the pay table for that winning combination. The total amount won, in your currency, is shown on the info bar (WIN) and is the total amount you won in coins multiplied by the coin value. 3. Special Symbols and Features 3.1. Wild The Wild symbol replaces any other symbols, except the Pan or Chest Bonus symbols, to form winning combinations. There are four Wild symbols found in the game, a single Hook Wild (normal and beaten up), a Tink Wild and a stacked Hook Wild . Note : If no specific payouts for Wild are displayed in the pay table, a combination formed exclusively with Wild will pay just like the highest paying symbol, if that combination is the highest winning combination on a line. 3.2. Tick-Tock's Wild Chomp During any paid spin Tick-Tock the Croc can appear beneath the reels. If a Hook Wild lands, Tick-Tock will jump out of the water and chomp Hook which will cause any symbols beneath the Wild to also turn Wild . NOTE : This will only happen when a Wild symbol is present on reels. 3.3. Tink’s Touch Randomly triggered during any paid spin, Tink will appear on screen and turn 3-5 random symbols into Wilds with her magic wand. 3.4. Duelling Free Spins 3 or more Pan Bonus Symbols anywhere on the reels will trigger the Duelling Free Spins round for 10, 20 or 30 Free Spins . During Free Spins , if a Hook Extended Wild appears on any reel, and there is no Pan Bonus symbol in view, the Multiplier level is increased by one each time, with no maximum. If 3 or more Pan Bonus Symbols land on the reels additional Free Spins will be awarded: 3 x Pan = +10 extra Free Spins 4 x Pan = +20 extra Free Spins 5 x Pan = +30 extra Free Spins If BOTH Pan Bonus Symbol and Hook Extended Wild symbol land on the same spin they will duel/fight on screen. The outcome of the duel will award either additional Free Spins (if Pan wins) or a random added Multiplier amount (if Hook wins). 3.5. Hook’s Treasure Trap Free Spins Landing a Hook Extended Wild fully on reel 3 will trigger Hook’s Treasure Trap Free Spins. Spin the ship wheel to win 5, 8, 10 or 12 Free Spins and set sail for the Lost Boys Hideout. During these Free Spins , the Hook Extended Wild will remain as a sticky Wild on reel 3. Hook will fire off traps onto any winning symbols locking them in place until no more of the same symbols land on a win line. 3.6. Lost Boys Bonus If the Treasure Chest Bonus symbol lands anywhere on the reels it will trigger the Lost Boys Bonus . Pick 3 Chests to reveal cash prizes or one of the Free Spins rounds. Cash prizes (multiplied by Total Bet): x2/ x5/ x10/ x15/ x30/ x50. 10 Duelling Free Spins. 5 Hook’s Treasure Trap Free Spins. 4. Auto spin feature The loss limit setting allows stopping the auto spin feature automatically when the selected limit plus your cumulative winnings minus your cumulative bets is less than 0. 4.1. Desktop version Click the AUTO SPIN button to open the SPIN settings window where you can set up the following: Number of auto spins: click + or - to select the number of auto spins to play; Advanced settings: Loss limit: click the current loss limit value, use the on-screen number pad to enter a value and then confirm your selection (click button to clear your selection and start again); click to close the on-screen number pad without confirming; Stop if a win reaches: click the current value, use the on-screen number pad to enter a value and then confirm your selection (click button to clear your selection and start again); click to close the on-screen number pad without confirming; Stop if JACKPOT is won: (only for games with Progressive Jackpots) - to enable this setting, move the adjacent On/Off switch to On ; move to Off to disable it. Click ACTIVATE to close the SPIN settings window and start the auto spin feature with the currently selected bet and auto spin setup. Click anywhere outside the settings window to close it without starting the auto spin feature. Click the STOP AUTO SPIN button to stop the auto spin feature at any time. 4.2. Mobile version Tap to open the SPIN settings screen, tap and then set up the following: Number of auto spins: tap + or - to select the number of auto spins to play; Advanced settings: Loss limit: tap the current loss limit value, use the on-screen number pad to enter a value and then confirm your selection (tap to clear your selection and start again); tap to close the on-screen number pad without confirming; Stop if a win reaches : tap the current value, use the on-screen number pad to enter a value and then confirm your selection (tap to clear your selection and start again); tap to close the on-screen number pad without confirming; Stop if JACKPOT is won: (only for games with Progressive Jackpots) - to enable this setting, move the adjacent On/Off switch to On; move to Off to disable it. Tap ACTIVATE to close the SPIN settings screen and start the auto spin feature with the currently selected bet and auto spin setup. Tap Return button to close the settings screen without starting the auto spin feature. To stop the Auto Spin at any time, on the main game screen, tap . 5. Other game buttons 5.1. Desktop version The following buttons are available: Click to open the pay table where you can view: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in coins; information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts or specific awards; the game lines and basic game rules. (available only while the reels are spinning) Click this button to stop the reels faster. (available during winning animations) Click this button to skip winning animations. In the bottom left side of the game screen, click this button to open the settings panel. In the bottom right side of the game screen, click this button to go to full screen mode; to exit full screen mode, click or press ESC on your keyboard. n the settings panel, click this button to toggle the game's sound. (in real mode only) In the settings panel, click this button to view the gameplay history in a new browser window. In the settings panel, click this button to close the game and open the home website, in the same browser window. RULES In the pay table, click this button to view detailed game rules in a new browser window. TURBO (available only for specific jurisdictions) On the SPIN settings window, move the On/Off switch adjacent to TURBO to ON to enable the turbo feature which speeds up the gameplay (spin time is reduced to a minimum); move to OFF to disable this feature. 5.2. Mobile version The following buttons are available: On the main screen, tap this button to open the settings screen. Tap to close the settings screen. On the settings screen, tap this button to open the pay table where you can view information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in coins; information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts or specific awards; the game lines, basic game rules. On the settings screen, tap this button to open the options screen. On the options screen, tap this button to toggle the game's sound. (in real mode only) On the settings screen, tap this button and then tap HISTORY to view the gameplay history in a new browser window. On the options screen, tap the Home button to close the game and open the home website, in the same browser window. (available while the reels are spinning or when the auto spin feature is active) Click this button to stop the reels faster or to stop the auto spin feature. (available during winning animations) Tap this button to skip winning animations. RULES In the pay table, tap this button to view detailed game rules in a new browser window. TURBO (available only for specific jurisdictions) On the SPIN settings screen, move the On/Off switch adjacent to TURBO to ON to enable the turbo feature which speeds up the gameplay (spin time is reduced to a minimum); move to OFF to disable this feature. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 7/9/2020