Legend of Loki Overview The goal is to obtain a winning combination on a winning line spread across the reels. Game specifications : Type Slots Number of reels 5 Number of rows 3 Number of lines 20 (cannot be changed) Number of coins you can bet 20 (cannot be changed) Progressive No Double feature No Auto spin feature Yes Wild symbols Yes Multiplier symbols No Scatter symbols Yes Bonus round No Free s pins Yes Instant win No RTP 96.23% Jackpot 500 coins per line, during normal spins The game disconnects if you do not take any actions for a specific number of consecutive minutes (this number varies depending on jurisdiction); the session recovery feature will save the game progress so that the next time the game is loaded, you can continue where you left off. In the event of technical difficulties resulting a dropped connection to the game server, the game you were playing is saved automatically and will load the next time you establish a connection to the game server. You will not be able to reconnect to the game server for the first 30 seconds after the disconnection. Note : In case of malfunction all pays and play are voided; any bet that was not yet accepted will be voided, any bet that was unsettled will be refunded. How to Play Note: If you do not have enough money to play a game, the bet can be set to the minimum selectable amount through a dialog window informing about this. All winning lines pay from left to right, except Scatters. Winnings on different lines are all added. Only the highest winning combination on each line is paid. Winnings from Scatters and Free Spins are added to the total win. On the info bar located at the bottom of the main game screen, you can view the current BET, your BALANCE and your current WIN, in your currency, and your current CREDIT, in coins. Desktop version To play, follow these steps: Click and then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value. Note: The total bet, in your currency, is displayed above the currently selected coin value. Click to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won, in coins, according to the paytable, is shown in the Win popup. For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. The total amount won, in your currency, is shown on the info bar (WIN) and is the total amount you won in coins multiplied by the coin value. Special Symbols and Features Wild The Wild symbol can replace any other symbols, except Scatters, to form winning combinations. Scatter During normal spins, three or more Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels award a number of coins, according to the paytable, and trigger 10 Free Spins. Free Spins At the start of the Free Spins round, one random symbol (except Wild and Scatter) is chosen to be "sticky" during the Free Spins round. Every time that symbol appears on the reels during a free spin, it will remain in place until the Free Spins round ends. Note : Free Spins cannot be retriggered. Winnings from Free Spins are added to the total win. Wild Strike At random, at the start of a normal spin, Loki's sceptre will strike random positions on the reels turning them into Wild symbols. The Wild symbols remain in place until the spin ends - any Wilds on the reels act as in normal gameplay. Storm Shower Randomly, at the end of a normal spin with no winnings, lightning will strike random positions on the reels turning them into a normal symbol (the same one for each hit position) or into Wild. Any resulting winnings will be awarded when the storm ends. Stacked Respin When the whole first reel (leftmost reel) is occupied by the same symbol (except Scatter and Wild), not substituted by a Wild, a respin is awarded. During the respin, the symbols on the first reel remain in place. In addition, if other instances of the symbol on the first reel or Wilds appear anywhere else on the reels during the respin, another respin is awarded with those symbol instances or Wilds remaining in place. When no other instances of the symbol on the first reel or Wilds appear anywhere else on the reels during a respin, the amount you won during the respin(s) will be added to the total win and the normal gameplay resumes. Auto spin feature The loss limit setting allows stopping the auto spin feature automatically when the selected limit plus your cumulative winnings minus your cumulative bets is less than 0. Note : The auto spin feature does not automatically start free spins – player input is required. Desktop version Click the AUTO SPIN button to open the SPIN settings window where you can set up the following: Number of auto spins : click + or - to select the number of auto spins to play; Advanced settings : Loss limit : click the current loss limit value, use the on-screen number pad to enter a value and then confirm your selection (click to clear your selection and start again); click to close the on-screen number pad without confirming; Stop if a win reaches : click the current value, use the on-screen number pad to enter a value and then confirm your selection (click to clear your selection and start again); click to close the on-screen number pad without confirming; Stop if JACKPOT is won : (only for games with Progressive Jackpots) - to enable this setting, move the adjacent On/Off switch to On; move to Off to disable it. Click ACTIVATE to close the SPIN settings window and start the auto spin feature with the currently selected bet and auto spin setup. Click anywhere outside the settings window to close it without starting the auto spin feature. Click the STOP AUTO SPIN button to stop the auto spin feature at any time. Other game buttons Desktop version The following buttons are available: Click to open the paytable where you can view: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in coins; information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts or specific awards; the game lines and basic game rules. (available only while the reels are spinning) Click this button to stop the reels faster. (available during winning animations) Click this button to skip winning animations. In the bottom left side of the game screen, click this button to open the settings panel. In the bottom right side of the game screen, click this button to go to full screen mode; to exit full screen mode, click or press ESC on your keyboard. In the settings panel, click this button to toggle the game's sound. (in real mode only) In the settings panel, click this button to view the gameplay history in a new browser window. In the settings panel, click this button to close the game and open the home website, in the same browser window. RULES In the paytable, click this button to view detailed game rules in a new browser window. TURBO (available only for specific jurisdictions) In the SPIN settings window, move the On/Off switch adjacent to TURBO to ON to enable the turbo feature which speeds up the gameplay (spin time is reduced to a minimum); move to OFF to disable this feature. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 7/9/2020