Luxury Rome 1. Overview The goal is to obtain a winning combination on a winning line spread across the reels. Game specifications : Type Slots Number of reels 5 Number of rows 3 Number of lines 9 (cannot be changed) Number of coins you can bet per line 1 (cannot be changed) Progressive No Double feature No Autospin feature Yes Wild symbols Yes Multiplier symbols No Scatter symbols Yes Bonus round Yes Free s pins Yes Instant win No RTP 96.49% at max bet Jackpot 9000 coins, at max bet 4950 coins, from Wheel bonus, at max bet The game disconnects if you do not take any actions for a specific number of consecutive minutes (this number varies depending on jurisdiction); the session recovery feature will save the game progress so that the next time the game is loaded, you can continue where you left off. In the event of technical difficulties resulting a dropped connection to the game server, the game you were playing is saved automatically and will load the next time you establish a connection to the game server. You will not be able to reconnect to the game server for the first 30 seconds after the disconnection. Note : In case of malfunction all pays and play are voided; any bet that was not yet accepted will be voided, any bet that was unsettled will be refunded. 2. How to Play Note: If you do not have enough money to play a game, the bet can be set to the minimum selectable amount through a dialog window informing about this. All winning lines pay from left to right. Winnings on different selected lines are all added. Only the highest winning combination on each selected line is paid. Winnings from Scatter and bonus rounds are added to the total win. 2.1. Flash version Note : On the info bar located under the main game buttons, you can view the current BET, your BALANCE and your current WIN, in your currency, and your current CREDIT, in coins. To play, follow these steps: Use the coin value select buttons to choose a coin value. The coin value select button s are located on the main game screen under the COIN VALUE box that shows the currently selected coin value. Note : The current bet amount, in coins, is displayed in the BET box. Click to place the bet and spin the reels once. The total amount won, in coins, is shown in the WIN box. For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. The total amount won, in your currency, is shown on the info bar (WIN), and is the total amount you won in coins multiplied by the coin value. 3. Special Symbols and Features 3.1. Wild The Wild symbol replaces any other symbols, except Scatter and any bonus symbols. 3.2. Scatter Scatters pay anywhere on the reels and award: 2 Scatter symbols, 2 x total bet 3 Scatter symbols, 5 x total bet 4 Scatter symbols, 25 x total bet 5 Scatter symbols, 200 x total bet Note : The Scatter winnings shown in the paytable are in coins and are already multiplied by the total bet. 3.3. Instant bonus 3, 4 or 5 Instant bonus symbols anywhere on the reels trigger the Instant bonus round. During this type of bonus round, click or tap each Instant bonus symbol in order to win a random prize. Each Instant bonus symbol can award: a random number of free spins, between 1 and 10 a random multiplier of the total bet, between 5 x total bet and 50 x total bet Note : During free spins, you cannot win additional free spins. 3.4. Wheel bonus 3, 4 or 5 Wheel bonus symbols anywhere on the reels trigger the Wheel bonus round. During this type of bonus round, you can win a random number of coins, between 15 and 550 x total bet. 4. Autospin feature The loss limit setting allows stopping the autospin feature automatically when the selected limit plus your cumulative winnings minus your cumulative bets is less than 0. Note : The autoplay feature does not automatically start any bonus rounds – player input is required. 4.1. Flash version Click the AUTO SPIN button to open the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window where you can set up the autospin feature. On the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window, you can set up the following: Loss limit – enter a number for the loss limit value or use the left and the right arrow buttons to select a number for the loss limit value Stop if WIN reaches – to enable this setting, click the button on its left side and then enter a number for the WIN value or use the left and the right arrow buttons to select a number for the WIN value; click the button on its left side again to disable it Stop if JACKPOT is won - (only for games with Progressive Jackpots or with a specific Jackpot value displayed) - to enable this setting, click the button on its left side; click the button on its left side again to disable it Number of AUTO SPINS to play – use the left and the right arrow buttons to select the number of autospins Click START to close the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window and start the autospin feature with the currently selected bet and number of autospins or click CANCEL to close the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window without starting the autospin feature. Click the STOP AUTOSPIN button to stop the autospin feature at any time. 5. Other game buttons 5.1. Flash version The following buttons are available: i – click to open the paytable where you can view: information about the payout for the winning combinations, in coins information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payout or specific awards the game lines and short game rules – (available only while the reels are spinning) click this button to stop the reels faster – (available during winning animations) click this button to skip winning animations settings window button – in the top-right corner of the main game screen, click the settings button to open the Settings window where you can manage sound volumes, view gameplay history or view detailed game rules Note : To close the Settings window you can click anywhere on the main game screen, or, in the top-right corner of the Settings window, click the return button. rules button – in the Settings window, click RULES to view detailed game rules in a new browser window history button – (in real mode only) in the Settings window, click HISTORY to view the gameplay history full screen button – click the button in the top-left corner of the main game screen to go to full screen mode; to exit full screen, click the button again or press ESC on your keyboard Last modification date: 3/30/2017