Lucky Stripes 1. Overview The goal is to obtain a winning combination on a winning line spread across the reels. Game specifications : Type Slots Number of reels 3 Number of rows 3 Number of lines 1 (cannot be changed) Number of coins you can bet per line 1 (cannot be changed) Progressive No Double feature No Autospin feature Yes Wild symbols Yes Multiplier symbols Yes Scatter symbols Yes Bonus round Yes Free s pins Yes Instant win No RTP 95.92% The game disconnects if you do not take any actions for a specific number of consecutive minutes (this number varies depending on jurisdiction); the session recovery feature will save the game progress so that the next time the game is loaded, you can continue where you left off. In the event of technical difficulties resulting a dropped connection to the game server, the game you were playing is saved automatically and will load the next time you establish a connection to the game server. You will not be able to reconnect to the game server for the first 30 seconds after the disconnection. Note : In case of malfunction all pays and play are voided; any bet that was not yet accepted will be voided, any bet that was unsettled will be refunded. 2. How to Play Note: If you do not have enough money to play a game, the bet can be set to the minimum selectable amount through a dialog window informing about this. On the info bar(s), you can view the current BET, your BALANCE and your current WIN, in your currency, and your current CREDIT, in coins.. Note : On the info bar located under the main game buttons, you can view the current BET, your BALANCE and your current WINNINGS, in your currency. To play, follow these steps: Click Select coin value button and then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value. Note: The total bet, in your currency, is displayed above the currently selected coin value. Click Select coin value button to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won, in coins, according to the pay table, is shown in the Win popup. For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the pay table for that winning combination. The total amount won, in your currency, is shown on the info bar (WIN) and is the total amount you won in coins multiplied by the coin value. 3. Special Symbols and Features 3.1. Wild The Wild symbol replaces any other symbols, to form winning combinations. Note: The Wild symbol can only appear on Reels 1 and 3. 3.2.Rockin Repins Two Wild symbols on Reels 1 and 3 with one Rockin' Respins symbol on Reel 2 will trigger the Rockin' Respins. During the Rockin' Respins feature, the middle reel will spin multiple times with sticky Wilds on Reels 1 and 3. The middle reel will continue to spin until the Collect symbol lands and stops the Rockin' Respins round. The winnings are added in real time to the balance on each respin. Note: Maximum number of respins = 30 4. Autospin feature The loss limit setting allows stopping the autospin feature automatically when the selected limit plus your cumulative winnings minus your cumulative bets is less than 0. Click the AUTO SPIN button to open the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window, where you can set up the autospin feature. On the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window, you can set up the following: Loss limit – enter a number for the loss limit value or use the left and the right arrow buttons to select a number for the loss limit value Stop if WIN reaches – to enable this setting, click the button on its left side and then enter a number for the WIN value or use the left and the right arrow buttons to select a number for the WIN value; click the button on its left side again to disable it Stop if JACKPOT is won - (only for games with Progressive Jackpots or with a specific Jackpot value displayed) - to enable this setting, click the button on its left side; click the button on its left side again to disable it Number of AUTO SPINS to play – use the left and the right arrow buttons to select the number of autospins Click START to close the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window and start the autospin feature with the currently selected bet and number of autospins or click CANCEL to close the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window without starting the autospin feature. Click the STOP xx/yy button to stop the autospin feature at any time; xx represents the remaining number of autospins and yy represents the number of autospins to play that you selected on the AUTO SPINS SETTINGS window. 5. Other game buttons The following buttons are available: i – click to open the paytable where you can view: information about the payout for the winning combinations, in coins information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payout or specific awards STOP – (available only while the reels are spinning) click this button to stop the reels faster SKIP – (available during winning animations) click this button to skip winning animations game options button - in the top right corner of the game screen, click the wrench symbol to open the game options window where you can move sliders to manage winning, game and background sounds or the general volume; click SAVE to close the options window and save any changes you make or click CANCEL to close the options window without saving sound button - in the top right corner of the screen, click the speaker symbol to toggle the game sound rules button – in the top right corner of the game screen, click the ? symbol to view detailed game rules in a new browser window history button – (in real mode only) in the top right corner of the game screen, click the clock symbol to view the gameplay history close button – in the top right corner of the game screen, click X to close the game full screen button – in the top right corner of the game screen, click the button next to X to go to full screen mode; to exit full screen, click the button again or press ESC on your keyboard BACK - when you are in the paytable, click BACK to return to the main game screen The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 7/9/2020