Lucky Leprechaun 1. Overview The goal is to obtain a winning combination on a winning line spread across the reels. Game specifications: Type Slots Number of reels 5 Number of rows 3 Number of lines 1 to 30 Number of coins you can bet per line 1 to 5 Progressive Yes Double feature Yes Autospin feature Yes Wild symbols Yes Multiplier symbols No Scatter symbols No Bonus round Yes Free s pins Yes Instant win No RTP Less than Max Bet: 94.70% Max Bet: 97.30% Jackpot Progressive The game disconnects if you do not take any actions for a specific number of consecutive minutes (this number varies depending on jurisdiction); the session recovery feature will save the game progress so that the next time the game is loaded, you can continue where you left off. In the event of technical difficulties resulting a dropped connection to the game server, the game you were playing is saved automatically and will load the next time you establish a connection to the game server. You will not be able to reconnect to the game server for the first 30 seconds after the disconnection. Note : In case of malfunction all pays and play are voided; any bet that was not yet accepted will be voided, any bet that was unsettled will be refunded. 2. How to Play Note: If you do not have enough money to play a game, the bet can be set to the minimum selectable amount through a dialog window informing about this. All winning lines pay from left to right. Wins on different selected lines are all added. Only the highest winning combination on each selected line is paid. Winnings from free spins, double round and bonus rounds are added to the total win. 2.1. Flash version Note : On the info bar located under the main game screen, you can view the current Bet, your Balance and your current Winnings, in your currency. To play, follow these steps: Use the coin value select button to choose a coin value. The coin value select button is located in the bottom-left side of the main game screen and shows the currently selected coin value. Use the LINE BET button to choose the amount of coins you want to bet on each active line. Use the LINES button to choose the number of active lines Note : The current bet amount, in your currency, is displayed in the BET box. Click SPIN to place the bet and spin the reels once. You can click the BET MAX button to place the maximum bet (maximum number of coins per line and maximum number of lines) for the currently selected coin value and spin the reels once. The total amount won, in your currency, according to the paytable, is shown in the WINNINGS box. For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination multiplied by the coin value and multiplied by the number of coins bet per line. 2.3.1. How to play double (gamble) (for Flash version only) To play Double/Gamble, you must get at least a winning combination at the end of a game and then click the GAMBLE button; click COLLECT to proceed as normal, without playing Double/Gamble. Double/Gamble cannot be used when the game is in autospin mode. If you want to play a double/gamble round using an amount won while playing in autospin mode, you must first stop the Autospin feature before the next spin starts. Use the – and + buttons to adjust the odds that the needle stops in the WIN zone (blue). The winnings are proportional to the Win / Lose zones; the possible win is shown just above the GAMBLE button. When you adjust the win/loose zones through + and - symbols, the double up values will be adjusted as well. The double up value is calculated as win amount * multiplier (1.25, 1.5, 2, 3, 4, 6 and 8). After you chose the odds, click the GAMBLE button to spin the needle. If the needle stops in the Blue zone, you win and if it stops in the red zone, you lose the amount bet. You can spin the needle up to three times, each time with the previous amount won as the bet. Before spinning the needle, you can forfeit the following needle spins and collect the amount won until then. To do so, click the QUIT button. Note : The Double/Gamble option is not available for winnings from Bonus Lucky Leprechaun free spins and Progressive Bonus. Winning truncation The truncation is performed on the coins won after each winning Double/Gamble round (only if truncation is necessary) as shown in the following examples. Example 1: Coin value is 0.01, with 5 coins bet per line and 30 active lines. The base game win is 1.50 (in your currency) at coin value 0.01, meaning 150 coins. 1.50 / 0.01 = 150 coins 150 * 1.25 = 187.5 coins; this is truncated to 187 coins. 187 * 0.01 = 1.87 (in your currency) Example 2: Coin value 0.02, with 5 coins bet per line and 30 active lines. The base game win is 3.00 (in your currency), at coin value 0.02, meaning 150 coins. 3.00 / 0.02 = 150 coins 150 * 1.25 = 187.5 coins; this is truncated to 187. 187 * 0.02 = 3.74 (in your currency) 3. Special Symbols and Features 3.1. Wild The Wild symbol replaces any symbols except Lucky Leprechauns and Progressive Bonus. During Free Spins, the Wild symbols remain in the same place until the free spins are completed. 3.2. Lucky Leprechaun Bonus Three or more Lucky Leprechaun symbols anywhere on the reels start the Lucky Leprechaun Bonus round. Once the Bonus Lucky Leprechaun starts, 12 boxes are presented and the player will have to pick three of them; cumulated, the three chosen boxes will award a minimum of 10 free spins and a maximum of 50 Free Spins. After the three boxes are picked, the player gets to choose one of three Leprechaun Hats, revealing a multiplier that applies to the free spins won. The multipliers that can be found are X2 through X10. The minimum amount of free spins that can be won is 10 with X2 multiplier; the maximum amount of free spins that can be won is 50, with X10 multiplier per bonus Lucky Leprechaun round. All wild symbols appearing during free spins remain in place for the remaining Free Spins. Progressive symbols do not appear during Free Spins. If the bonus is retriggered (three or more Lucky Leprechaun symbols anywhere on the screen), 5 more free spins are added, with the same multiplier. The maximum number of free spins that can be won per free spin round (including the retriggered free spins) is 100. During the Free spins, the number of active lines and coins per line cannot be changed and remain the same as per the spin that activated the Bonus Lucky Leprechaun. The wins from the Free Spins are added to the total balance. 3.3. Progressive Jackpot Five Progressive Bonus symbols anywhere on the reels award the Bronze Progressive Jackpot. Six Progressive Bonus symbols anywhere on the reels award the Silver Progressive Jackpot. Seven of more Progressive Bonus symbols anywhere on the reels award the Gold Progressive Jackpot. The progressive jackpots cannot be won during free spins. Progressive Jackpots can be won only at max bet. With every bet, the base progressive jackpot value (the progressive pool) is increased with 0.5% of that bet. Note : The base progressive value (progressive pool) is a value stored in Euros and it is associated to a coin value of 10 Euros (which may not be available for you to select in the game): Gold Jackpot – 500,000.00 seed + any 0.5% increments from all bets Silver Jackpot – 25,000.00 seed + any 0.5% increments from all bets Bronze Jackpot – 10,000.00 seed + any 0.5% increments from all bets The Progressive Jackpot counters display the progressive jackpot value for the currently selected coin value. The displayed jackpot value is proportional to the selected coin value and is a portion of the progressive pool, calculated depending on the currently selected coin value. Note : The maximum available progressive is paid when playing with the maximum available coin value. Jackpot Seed examples (in your currency): Coin value 0.01 Bronze Jackpot Silver Jackpot Gold Jackpot Jackpot Seed Value 10 25 500 Coin value 0.02 Bronze Jackpot Silver Jackpot Gold Jackpot Jackpot Seed Value 20 50 1000 The Jackpot value is refreshed once every 3 seconds. Depending on the clients’ internet service provider as well as their hardware, server-to-client delays will vary from player to player and from message to message. Between two successive refreshes of the Progressive Jackpot counter, it is possible for two or more players to win the jackpot in close succession. In this case, the first player that wins the Jackpot is awarded the Progressive Jackpot amount in full, while the subsequent winner is awarded the minimum guaranteed Progressive Jackpot, as well as 0.5% of the bets placed between the two successive Jackpot wins. 4. Autospin feature The loss limit setting allows stopping the autospin feature automatically when the selected limit plus your cumulative winnings minus your cumulative bets is less than 0. Note : The autospin feature does not automatically start the bonus round or free spins – player input is required. 4.1. Flash version Click the AUTO SPIN button to open the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window where you can set up the autospin feature. On the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window, you can set up the following: Loss limit - enter a number for the loss limit value or use the left and the right arrow buttons to select a number for the loss limit value Stop if WIN reaches - to enable this setting, click the button on its left side and then enter a number for the WIN value or use the left and the right arrow buttons to select a number for the WIN value; click the button on its left side again to disable it Stop if JACKPOT is won - (only for games with Progressive Jackpots or with a specific Jackpot value displayed) - to enable this setting, click the button on its left side; click the button on its left side again to disable it Number of AUTO SPINS to play - use the left and the right arrow buttons to select the number of autospins Click START to close the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window and start the autospin feature with the currently selected bet and number of autospins or click CANCEL to close the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window without starting the autospin feature. Click the STOP xx/yy button to stop the autospin feature at any time; xx represents the remaining number of autospins and yy represents the number of autospins to play that you selected on the AUTO SPINS SETTINGS window. 5. Other game buttons 5.1. Flash version The following buttons are available: i - click to open the paytable where you can view: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in coins information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts or specific awards the game lines and short game rules STOP – (available only while the reels are spinning) click this button to stop the reels faster game options button - in the top left corner of the game screen, click the wrench symbol to open the game options window where you can move sliders to manage winning, game and background sounds or the general volume; click SAVE to close the options window and save any changes you make or click CANCEL to close the options window without saving sound button - in the top left corner of the screen, click the speaker symbol to toggle the game sound rules button – in the top left corner of the game screen, click the ? symbol to view detailed game rules in a new browser window history button – (in real mode only) in the top left corner of the game screen, click the clock symbol to view the gameplay history close button – in the top right corner of the game screen, click X to close the game full screen button – in the top right corner of the game screen, click the button next to X to go to full screen mode; to exit full screen, click the button again or press ESC on your keyboard BACK - when you are in the paytable, click BACK to return to the main game screen Last modification date: 4/5/2017