Megaboy 1. Overview The goal is to obtain a winning combination on a winning line spread across the reels. Game specifications : Type Slots Number of reels 5 Number of rows 3 Number of lines 25 (cannot be changed) Number of coins you can bet per line 1 (cannot be changed) Progressive No Double feature No Autospin feature Yes Wild symbols Yes Multiplier symbols Yes (during special game modes) Scatter symbols No Bonus round No Free s pins No Instant win No RTP 95.54% at max bet Jackpot 150000 coins, during game mode 2 with x3 multiplier The game disconnects if you do not take any actions for a specific number of consecutive minutes (this number varies depending on jurisdiction); the session recovery feature will save the game progress so that the next time the game is loaded, you can continue where you left off. In the event of technical difficulties resulting a dropped connection to the game server, the game you were playing is saved automatically and will load the next time you establish a connection to the game server. You will not be able to reconnect to the game server for the first 30 seconds after the disconnection. Note : In case of malfunction all pays and play are voided; any bet that was not yet accepted will be voided, any bet that was unsettled will be refunded. 2. How to Play Note: If you do not have enough money to play a game, the bet can be set to the minimum selectable amount through a dialog window informing about this. All winning lines pay from left to right. Winnings on different selected lines are all added. Only the highest winning combination on each selected line is paid. 2.1. Flash version Note : On the info bar located under the main game buttons, you can view the current BET, your BALANCE and your current WIN, in your currency, and your current CREDIT, in coins. To play, follow these steps: Use the coin value select buttons to choose a coin value. The coin value select buttons are located on the main game screen under the COIN VALUE box that shows the currently selected coin value. Note : The current bet amount, in coins, is displayed in the BET box. Click to place the bet and spin the reels once. The total amount won, in coins, is shown in the WIN box. For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. The total amount won, in your currency, is shown on the info bar (WIN) and is the total amount you won in coins multiplied by the coin value. 3. Special Symbols and Features 3.1. Wild The Wild symbol can replace any other symbols, except the mode triggering symbols, to form a winning combination. 3.2. Wild power-ups (game modes) One of the two special game modes/power-up levels can be triggered when the corresponding special character appears on the middle row of the third reel (you can view the corresponding special characters for each game mode/level power-up in the paytable). The special characters can appear only on the third reel and always behave as a Wild symbol - the special characters appear only during normal gameplay and not while you are in a special game mode. When a special game mode is triggered, you will play 10 special spins. During each special spin, you can win, at random, one of the power-ups specific for the triggered game mode. Note : You cannot change the coin value while the game is in a special mode/power-up level. 3.2.1. Level 1 Power-ups During this mode, stacks of low paying symbols (the last five normal symbols you can view on the PAYOUTS page in the paytable) will appear on the reels. At the end of a spin, you can view the power-up you won, if any, in the top-left corner of the main screen. The power-ups you can win during this game mode are: - when you win this power-up, winnings from the spin that has just ended are multiplied by two (x2); normal Wild symbols can also appear on the reels - when you win this power-up, Wild symbols expand, by one position, in a "+" formation (one position up, down, left and right); there can be up to three expanded Wilds on the reels, at the end of a spin Note : A Wild will fully expand only if its current location allows it, otherwise, it will expand on positions where it is possible. For example, if a Wild appears on the top row of the first reel, it will only expand one position down and one position to the right. - when you win this power-up, Wild symbols will extend on the whole reel where they initially appear; there can be up to three extended Wilds on the reels, at the end of a spin - when you win this power-up, one random normal symbol (all its instances currently on the reels) transforms into Wild; normal Wild symbols can also appear on the reels 3.2.2. Level 2 Power-ups During this mode, stacks of high paying symbols (the first five normal symbols you can view on the PAYOUTS page in the paytable) will appear on the reels. At the end of a spin, you can view the power-up you won, if any, in the top-right corner of the main screen. The power-ups you can win during this game mode are: - when you win this power-up, winnings from the spin that has just ended are multiplied by three (x3); normal Wild symbols can also appear on the reels - when you win this power-up, Wild symbols expand, by one position diagonally, in an "x" formation (one position top left corner, top right corner, lower left corner and lower right corner); there can be up to three expanded Wilds on the reels, at the end of a spin Note : A Wild will fully expand only if its current location allows it, otherwise, it will expand on positions where it is possible. For example, if a Wild appears on the top row of the first reel, it will only expand one position in the lower right corner. - when you win this power-up, Wilds expand one position to the right or one position to the left, or both; there can be up to five expanded Wilds on the reels, at the end of a spin - when you win this power-up, one or two Wilds on the reels will each transform into Wild two to five random symbols on the reels 4. Autospin feature The loss limit setting allows stopping the autospin feature automatically when the selected limit plus your cumulative winnings minus your cumulative bets is less than 0. Note : The autoplay feature does not automatically start any bonus rounds – player input is required. 4.1. Flash version Click the AUTO SPIN button to open the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window where you can set up the autospin feature. On the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window, you can set up the following: Loss limit – enter a number for the loss limit value or use the left and the right arrow buttons to select a number for the loss limit value Stop if WIN reaches – to enable this setting, click the button on its left side and then enter a number for the WIN value or use the left and the right arrow buttons to select a number for the WIN value; click the button on its left side again to disable it Stop if JACKPOT is won - (only for games with Progressive Jackpots or with a specific Jackpot value displayed) - to enable this setting, click the button on its left side; click the button on its left side again to disable it Number of AUTO SPINS to play – use the left and the right arrow buttons to select the number of autospins Click START to close the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window and start the autospin feature with the currently selected bet and number of autospins or click CANCEL to close the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window without starting the autospin feature. Click the STOP AUTOSPIN button to stop the autospin feature at any time. 5. Other game buttons 5.1. Flash version The following buttons are available: i – click to open the paytable where you can view: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in coins information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts or specific awards the game lines and short game rules – (available only while the reels are spinning) click this button to stop the reels faster – (available during winning animations) click this button to skip winning animations settings window button – in the top-right corner of the main game screen, click the settings button to open the Settings window where you can manage sound volumes, view gameplay history or view detailed game rules Note : To close the Settings window you can click anywhere on the main game screen or, in the top-right corner of the Settings window, click the return button. rules button – in the Settings window, click RULES to view detailed game rules in a new browser window history button – (in real mode only) in the Settings window, click HISTORY to view the gameplay history full screen button – click the button in the top-left corner of the main game screen to go to full screen mode; to exit full screen, click the button again or press ESC on your keyboard Last modification date: 3/30/2017