Majestic Megaways 1. Overview The goal is to obtain a winning combination on a winning way spread across the reels. Game specifications: Type Slots Number of Reels 6 + top tracker (4 symbols) Symbols per reel 2 to 7 (on Reels 1 and 6) 3 to 7 (on Reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 - includes top tracker) Number of ways Up to 117,649 Megaways Number of coins you can bet 20 (cannot be changed) Progressive No Double Feature No Auto Spin Feature Yes Wild Symbols Yes Multiplier Symbols Yes Scatter Symbols Yes (Bonus, +5) Bonus Round Yes Free Spins Yes Instant Win No RTP Standard Play: 96.11% Majestic Bet: 96.86% The maximum win for a single game is £ 250,000 or 10,000xBet, whichever is reached first (or currency equivalent. Other operator limits may apply). The game disconnects if you do not take any actions for a specific number of consecutive minutes (this number varies depending on jurisdiction); the session recovery feature will save the game progress so that the next time the game is loaded, you can continue where you left off. In the event of technical difficulties resulting in a dropped connection to the game server, the game you were playing is saved automatically and will load the next time you establish a connection to the game server. You will not be able to reconnect to the game server for the first 30 seconds after the disconnection. Note : In case of malfunction all pays and play are voided; any bet that was not yet accepted will be voided, any bet that was unsettled will be refunded 3. SPECIAL SYMBOLS AND FEATURES 3.1. Megaways Megaways under license from Big Time Gaming. Each spin can have up to 117,649 ways to win. Wins are awarded for left to right adjacent symbols, starting on reel 1, regardless of size. 3.2. Wild The Wild symbol replaces any other symbols, except the Bonus symbols, to form winning combinations. Wilds only appear on the horizontal top tracker. Note : If no specific payouts for Wild are displayed in the pay table, a combination formed exclusively with Wild will pay just like the highest paying symbol, if that combination is the highest winning combination on a way. 3.3. Top Tracker The horizontal tracker on top of reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 will add a symbol to each reel it is above. 3.4. Cascading Wins Symbols spin into position to form a number of Megaways. Any win in view will start a Cascade. Symbols in winning combinations will explode and new symbols will drop into position. Cascades will continue until no new wins are formed. Winning symbols on the horizontal top tracker will be replaced by symbols shifting from right to left. Note : During cascading wins, the number of ways is fixed at the same amount as on the initial winning spin. Bonus symbols cannot be broken and will remain on screen until no more wins are formed. 3.5. Mystery symbol Randomly, on any spin a number of Mystery symbols can land in view. Note : All Mystery symbols will turn into the same symbol, except Wild or Bonus symbols. 3.6. Free Spins Landing 4 Bonus symbols anywhere on the reels will trigger 12 Free Spins. 5 more Free Spins will be added for each additional Bonus symbol, up to a maximum of 27 Free Spins. Further Free Spins can be won during the feature by landing 3 or 4 Bonus symbols on the top tracker only. Note : 3 Bonus symbols will award +5 Free Spins, while 4 Bonus symbols will award +10 Free Spins. During Free Spins, Bonus symbols can only appear on the top tracker. 3.7. Unlimited Multiplier An unlimited win multiplier, starting at x1, is active during Free Spins. After every cascading win during Free Spins, the multiplier will increase by x1. The new multiplier will apply to the next free spins win, whether it comes during the same series of cascades or on a later free spin. 3.8. Majestic Bet The Majestic Bet costs 75 x Total Bet ( 1,500 coins). A Majestic Bet spin is guaranteed to trigger the Free Spins Bonus. Bet Range Min Bet : €0.2 Max Bet : €3 The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 7/9/2020