Moriarty Megaways 1. Overview The goal is to obtain a winning combination on a winning way spread across the reels. Free Spins on mobile can only be played in landscape mode and the player will be asked to turn their device to play. Game specifications : Type Slots Number of reels 6 + top tracker (4 symbols) Symbols per reel 2 to 7 (on Reels 1 and 6) 3 to 7 (on Reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 - includes top tracker) Number of ways Up to 117,649 Megaways per reel Number of coins you can bet 20 (cannot be changed) Progressive No Double feature No Auto spin feature Yes Wild symbols Yes Multiplier symbols No Scatter symbols Yes (Bonus, +5) Bonus round Yes Free s pins Yes Instant win No RTP Standard Play: 95.98% Moriarty Bet: 96.46% The game disconnects if you do not take any actions for a specific number of consecutive minutes (this number varies depending on jurisdiction); the session recovery feature will save the game progress so that the next time the game is loaded, you can continue where you left off. In the event of technical difficulties resulting in a dropped connection to the game server, the game you were playing is saved automatically and will load the next time you establish a connection to the game server. You will not be able to reconnect to the game server for the first 30 seconds after the disconnection. Note : In case of malfunction all pays and play are voided; any bet that was not yet accepted will be voided, any bet that was unsettled will be refunded. 2. How to Play Note: If you do not have enough money to play a game, the bet can be set to the minimum selectable amount through a dialog window informing about this. All winning ways pay from left to right. Winnings on different ways are all added. Only the highest winning combination on each way is paid. Winnings from Free Spins are added to the total win. The auto spin feature does not automatically start free spins - player input is required. On the info bar, you can view the current BET, your BALANCE and your current WIN, displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 2.1. Desktop version To play, follow these steps: Click on the main screen, and then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value. Click to save the settings and return to the main screen. Note: The total BET is displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). Click to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won will be shown in the WIN field from the info bar, in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 2.2. Mobile version To play, follow these steps: Tap on the main screen, then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value. Tap to save the settings and return to the main screen. Note: The total BET is displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won will be shown in the WIN field from the info bar, in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. To toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 3. Special Symbols and Features 3.1. Megaways Megaways under license from Big Time Gaming. Each spin can have up to 117,649 ways to win per reel. Wins are awarded for left to right adjacent symbols, starting on reel 1, regardless of size. 3.2. Bonus symbol Landing 3 Bonus symbols anywhere on the reels will trigger 15 Free Spins. 5 more Free Spins will be added for each additional Bonus symbol, up to a maximum of 30 Free Spins . Any Bonus after the 3rd Bonus symbol will be shown as +5. 3.3. Wild Wild substitutes for all symbols, except Bonus , Mystery or special Sherlock and Watson symbols. Wild symbols can only be found on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 in the top tracker. 3.4. Mystery symbol Mystery symbols transform into any symbol except Wild , Bonus , Sherlock or Watson . Mystery symbols transform into the same symbol. Note: Mystery symbols are only available in Watson reels. 3.5. Sherlock symbol Only available in Free Spins on Moriarty reels. Collect 3 Sherlock symbols to unlock Sherlock reels. 3.6. Watson symbol Only available in Free Spins on Moriarty reels. Collect 3 Watson symbols to unlock Watson reels. 3.7. Top Tracker The horizontal tracker on top of reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 will add a symbol to each reel it is above. 3.8. Cascading Wins Symbols spin into position to form a number of Megaways . Any win in view will start a Cascade. Symbols in winning combinations will explode and new symbols will drop into position. Cascades will continue until no new wins are formed. Winning symbols on the horizontal top tracker will be replaced by symbols shifting from right to left. Note: During cascading wins, the number of ways is fixed at the same amount as on the initial winning spin. Bonus symbols cannot be broken and will remain on screen until no more wins are formed. 3.9. Free Spins Landing 3 or more Bonus symbols will trigger Free Spins . Each additional Bonus symbol will add +5 Free Spins , up to a maximum of 30 spins.. During Free Spins there will be 3 reel sets, Moriarty which will always be in play and two locked reels, Sherlock and Watson . Collect a total of 3 Sherlock or Watson special symbols during any spin in the Free Spins top tracker to unlock the respected reel for a single additional spin with the corresponding modifier active. Both reels can be triggered together in which case Watson plays out first, then Sherlock . Upon finishing either reel they will lock and the player will need to collect 3 more special symbols to active it again! Free Spins can be retriggered with 3 Bonus symbols landing on the top tracker only found on Watson and Sherlock reels. 3.9.1. Sherlock Max Megaways Sherlock's Max Megaways can be triggered on any spin. This will force the reels into a 117,649 way outcome. The multiplier starts at x1 and increases by one after every cascading win. Winnings are multiplied by the multiplier active at the time of the win. The multiplier ends when no more wins are made. Sherlocks Max Megaways uses Sherlock reels. The multiplier is only active for the current paid spin, and will NOT be carried over to Sherlock or Watson Reels in Free Spins (where a new unlimited multiplier is active). 3.9.2. Watson Mystery Symbols Watson's Mystery Symbols can be triggered on any spin. This will land Mystery symbols which will transform into the same paid symbol. The multiplier starts at x1 and increases by one after every cascading win. Winnings are multiplied by the multiplier active at the time of the win. The multiplier ends when no more wins are made. Watsons Mystery Symbols uses Watson reels. The multiplier is only active for the current paid spin, and will NOT be carried over to Sherlock or Watson Reels in Free Spins (where a new unlimited multiplier is active). 3.9.3. Unlimited Multiplier An Unlimited win multiplier, is active during Free Spins . After every cascading win during Free Spins , the multiplier will increase by x1. The new multiplier will apply to the next free spins win, whether it comes during the same series of cascades or on a later free spin. 3.10. Moriarty Bet The Moriarty Bet costs 150 x Total Bet ( 3,000 coins). A Moriarty Bet spin is guaranteed to trigger the Moriarty Free Spins Super Bonus feature with 3, 4, 5 or 6 scatter symbols. 3 Scatters award 15 Free Spins with +5 Free Spins awarded for each additional Scatter . Moriarty Free Spins Super Bonus features more Watson and Sherlock triggers than the normal Free Spins Bonus . Moriarty Guarantee is also available. Moriarty Free Spins Super Bonus is only available from the Moriarty Bet . 3.11. Moriarty Guarantee A Moriarty Guarantee will trigger if the total win from Free Spins is less than 10x the standard spin stake. The Moriarty Guarantee will award +5 Free Spins . The Moriarty Guarantee can happen multiple times and is only active from the Moriarty Free Spins Super Bonus game mode. 3.12. Reels Naming Moriarty , Sherlock and Watson names are all displayed above their own unique reel set. Note: History application keys combo= Cascading Wins SYMBOL_GRID_BOTTOM_LEFT= Watson reels SYMBOL_GRID_BOTTOM_RIGHT= Sherlock reels SYMBOL_GRID_TOP, MAIN_REELS= Moriarty reels Final_screen= Result Screen BONUS_BUY_ENTERED= Bonus buy FS_RETRIGGER= Free Spins MAX_MEGAWAYS= Sherlock's Max Megaways SWAP_ID_ = Watson's Mystery Symbols wins_cap_reached,FREE_SPINS_CANCELED= Win cap 4. Other game buttons 4.1. Desktop version The following buttons are available: Click this button to toggle the game sound on or off. Click this button to open the PAYOUTS tab, where you can view several screens: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in either credit or your real currency - to toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area. information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts, or specific awards; the game lines and basic game rules. To navigate among the various screens in the PAYOUTS tab, click on the left and right arrows at the bottom of the screen. RULES In the last of the screens from the PAYOUTS tab, click this button to view detailed game rules, in a new browser window. (in real mode only) This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Click on it to view the gameplay history, in a new browser window. This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Click on it to close the game and to open the home website, in the same browser window. (available while the reels are spinning) Click this button to stop the reels earlier. (available during winning animations) Click this button to skip the winning animations. (available only for specific jurisdictions) Click this button to activate Turbo mode. The Turbo mode speeds up the gameplay - the spin time is reduced to a minimum. 4.2. Mobile version The following buttons are available: Tap this button to toggle the game sound on or off. Tap this button to open the PAYOUTS tab, where you can view several screens: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in either credit or your real currency - to toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area. information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts, or specific awards; the game lines and basic game rules. To navigate among the various screens in the PAYOUTS tab, tap on the left and right arrows at the bottom of the screen. RULES In the last of the screens from the PAYOUTS tab, tap this button to view detailed game rules, in a new browser window. (in real mode only) This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap on it to view the gameplay history in a new browser window. This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap on it to close the game and to open the home website, in the same browser window. (available while the reels are spinning) Tap this button to stop the reels earlier. (available during winning animations) Tap this button to skip the winning animations. (available only for specific jurisdictions) Tap this button to activate Turbo mode. The Turbo mode speeds up the gameplay - the spin time is reduced to a minimum. 5. Auto spin feature The loss limit setting allows stopping the auto spin feature automatically when the selected limit, plus your cumulative winnings, and minus your cumulative bets, is less than 0. 5.1. Desktop version Click the AUTO SPIN button to open the AUTO SPIN settings window where you can set up the following: Number of auto spins : click + or - to select the number of auto spins to play. Loss limit : click + or - to select the value of the loss limit; Stop if a win reaches : click + or - to select the value of the maximum win; Stop if JACKPOT is won (only for games with Progressive Jackpots): to enable this setting, tick the checkbox ; to disable it, remove the tick. Click the ACTIVATE button to close the AUTO SPIN settings window and to start the auto spin feature with the currently selected bet and auto spin setup. Click the CLOSE button to close the window without starting the auto spin feature. Click the STOP AUTO SPIN button to stop the auto spin feature at any time. 5.2. Mobile version Tap the AUTO SPIN button to open the AUTO SPIN settings window where you can set up the following: Number of auto spins : tap + or - to select the number of auto spins to play. Loss limit : tap + or - to select the value of the loss limit; Stop if a win reaches : tap + or - to select the value of the maximum win; Stop if JACKPOT is won (only for games with Progressive Jackpots): to enable this setting, tick the checkbox ; to disable it, remove the tick. Tap the ACTIVATE button to close the SPIN settings window and to start the auto spin feature with the currently selected bet and auto spin setup. Tap the CLOSE button to close the window without starting the auto spin feature. Tap the STOP AUTO SPIN button to stop the auto spin feature at any time. Last modification date: 2/10/2022