Nacho Libre How to Play Note: If you do not have enough money to play a game, the bet can be set to the minimum selectable amount through a dialog window informing about this. All winning lines pay from left to right and from right to left. Wins on different selected lines are all added. Only the highest winning combination on each selected line is paid. Winnings from Scatter and free spins are added to the total win. Note : On the info bar located under the main game buttons, you can view the current BET, your BALANCE and your current WINNINGS, in your currency. To play, follow these steps: Use the coin value select button to choose a coin value. The coin value select button is located in the bottom-left side of the main game screen and shows the currently selected coin value. Use the LINE BET button to choose the amount of coins you want to bet on each active line. Note : The current bet amount, in your currency, is displayed in the BET box. Click SPIN to place the bet and spin the reels once. You can click the BET MAX button to place the maximum bet (maximum number of coins bet per line) for the currently selected coin value and spin the reels once. The total amount won, in your currency, according to the paytable, is shown in the WINNINGS box. For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. Special Symbols and Features Wild The Wild symbol replaces any other symbols except Scatter. When a Wild symbol is part of a winning combination, the amount won for that combination is doubled - this applies to both normal and extended wilds, during normal spins and during free spins. Scatter 3 or more Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels activate the Free Spins. In addition: 3 Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels, pay 5 x the total bet 4 Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels, pay 20 x the total bet 5 Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels, pay 500 x the total bet When the Free Spins are activated, before you start, you can choose the type of free spins: 15 Free Spins where Wild symbols extend on the whole reel, if they form a winning combination by extending 10 Free Spins where Wild symbols are normal (do not extend) and all wins are multiplied three times All winnings from free spins are added to the total balance. Autospin feature The loss limit setting allows stopping the autospin feature automatically when the selected limit plus your cumulative winnings minus your cumulative bets is less than 0. Note : The autospin feature does not automatically start free spins - player input is required. Click the AUTO SPIN button to open the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window where you can set up the autospin feature. On the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window, you can set up the following: Loss limit - enter a number for the loss limit value or use the left and the right arrow buttons to select a number for the loss limit value Stop if WIN reaches - to enable this setting, click the button on its left side and then enter a number for the WIN value or use the left and the right arrow buttons to select a number for the WIN value; click the button on its left side again to disable it Stop if JACKPOT is won - (only for games with Progressive Jackpots or with a specific Jackpot value displayed) - to enable this setting, click the button on its left side; click the button on its left side again to disable it Number of AUTO SPINS to play - use the left and the right arrow buttons to select the number of autospins Click START to close the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window and start the autospin feature with the currently selected bet and number of autospins or click CANCEL to close the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window without starting the autospin feature. Click the STOP xx/yy button to stop the autospin feature at any time; xx represents the remaining number of autospins and yy represents the number of autospins to play that you selected on the AUTO SPINS SETTINGS window. Other game buttons The following buttons are available: PAYTABLE - click to open the paytable where you can view: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in your currency information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts or specific awards the available keyboard shortcuts, the game lines and short game rules STOP - (available only while the reels are spinning) click this button to stop the reels faster SKIP - (available during winning animations) click this button to skip winning animations settings window button - in the top-right corner of the main game screen, click the settings button to open the Settings window where you can manage sound volumes, view gameplay history or view detailed game rules Note : To close the Settings window you can click anywhere on the main game screen, or, in the top-left corner of the Settings window, click the return button. sound button - in the Settings window, click SOUND to open the sounds and volume panel where you can use sliders to manage Winning, Game and Background sounds or the general Volume; click SAVE to save any changes you make Note : To quickly mute or unmute all game sounds, in the Settings window, click the button displayed on the right side of SOUND. rules button - in the Settings window, click RULES to view detailed game rules in a new browser window history button - (in real mode only) in the Settings window, click HISTORY to view the gameplay history full screen button - in the Settings window, click FULLSCREEN to go to full screen mode; to exit full screen, click the button again or press ESC on your keyboard BACK - when you are in the paytable, click BACK to return to the main game screen Last modification date: 5/25/2017