Neon Reels Mobile 1. Overview The goal is to obtain a winning combination on a winning line spread across the reels. Game specifications: Type Slots Number of reels 5 Number of rows 3 Number of lines 25 Number of coins you can bet per line 1 to 10 Progressive Yes Double feature No Autospin feature Yes Wild symbols Yes Multiplier symbols Yes (Wild) Scatter symbols Yes Bonus round No Free s pins Yes (Scatter) Instant win No RTP Less than max bet: 94.30% Max bet: 94.60% Jackpot Progressive The game disconnects if you do not take any actions for a specific number of consecutive minutes (this number varies depending on jurisdiction); the session recovery feature will save the game progress so that the next time the game is loaded, you can continue where you left off. In the event of technical difficulties resulting a dropped connection to the game server, the game you were playing is saved automatically and will load the next time you establish a connection to the game server. You will not be able to reconnect to the game server for the first 30 seconds after the disconnection. Note: In case of malfunction all pays and play are voided; any bet that was not yet accepted will be voided, any bet that was unsettled will be refunded. 2. How to Play Note: If you do not have enough money to play a game, the bet can be set to the minimum selectable amount through a dialog window informing about this. All winning lines pay from left to right. Wins on different selected lines are all added. Only the highest winning combination on each selected line is paid. Winnings from Scatter and free spins are added to the total win. 2.1. Flash version Note: On the info bar located under the main game buttons, you can view the current BET, your BALANCE and your current WIN, in your currency, and your current CREDIT, in coins. To play, follow these steps: Use the coin value select button to choose a coin value. The coin value select button is located in the bottom-left side of the main game screen and shows the currently selected coin value. Use the LINE BET button to choose the amount of coins you want to bet on each active line. Use the LINES button to choose the number of active lines. Note : The current bet amount, in coins, is displayed in the BET box. Click SPIN to place the bet and spin the reels once. You can click the BET MAX button to place the maximum bet (all lines active and maximum number of coins per line) for the currently selected coin value and spin the reels once. The total amount won, in coins, according to the paytable, is shown in the WIN box. For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination multiplied by the coin value. 3. Special Symbols and Features 3.1. Wild The Wild symbol replaces any other symbol, except Scatter and Jackpot symbols. 3.2. Scatter Three or more scatter symbols that appear anywhere on the reels trigger 10 free spins. Note : Free spins can be re-triggered. 3.3. Free spins During free spins (not during respins): 1 Wild symbol in a winning line pays 2 times that winning line 2 Wild symbols in a winning line pay 4 times that winning line 3 or more Wild symbols in a winning line pay 8 times that winning line 3.4. Diamond respins Two diamond symbols on the first reel (not replaced by wild) trigger two free diamond respins, during which the first reel is “frozen” as are all the diamonds and wilds on other reels. This means the first reel does not spin, all other diamonds and wilds stay in their place for the next 2 respins, and so will any additional diamonds and wilds that may show up in the first respin. During the two respins, the wilds do not multiply winning lines (as they do in free spins). In addition, during the respins, the diamonds on the first reel do not trigger more respins. The respins can be triggered during a round of free spins. In this case, the two respins will follow immediately (the wilds and diamonds freeze at this point), and only after that, the free spins will continue. Diamond respins can be awarded during free spins and free spins can be awarded during diamond respins. The Diamond respins will always be first to be completed, then the free spins. During a normal spin, you can win 10 free spins and 2 free diamond respins (in total, 12 spins that are free). 3.5. Progressive Jackpot Only 5X Jackpot symbols at maximum bet qualify for the Progressive Jackpot winnings. Any other combination pays according to the paytable. The Progressive Jackpot can be won during normal gameplay and during free spins. With every bet, the base progressive jackpot value (the progressive pool) is increased with 0.5% of that bet. Note : The base progressive value (progressive pool) is a value stored in Euros and it is associated to a coin value of 10 Euros (which may not be available for you to select in the game): 500,000.00 seed + any 0.5% increments from all bets. The Progressive Jackpot counters display the progressive jackpot value for the currently selected coin value. The displayed jackpot value is proportional to the selected coin value and is a portion of the progressive pool, calculated depending on the currently selected coin value. Note : The maximum available progressive is paid when playing with the maximum available coin value. The Jackpot seed value depends on the selected coin value. The seed value for specific coin value is determined by: base progressive value x coin value / 10. The Jackpot value is refreshed once every 3 seconds. Depending on the clients’ internet service provider as well as their hardware, server-to-client delays will vary from player to player and from message to message. Between two successive refreshes of the Progressive Jackpot counter, it is possible for two or more players to win the jackpot in close succession. In this case, the first player that wins the Jackpot is awarded the Progressive Jackpot amount in full, while the subsequent winner is awarded the minimum guaranteed Progressive Jackpot, as well as 0.5% of the bets placed between the two successive Jackpot wins. 4. Autospin feature The loss limit setting allows stopping the autospin feature automatically when the selected limit plus your cumulative winnings minus your cumulative bets is less than 0. Note : The autospin feature does not automatically start free spins - player input is required. 4.1. Flash version Click the AUTO SPIN button to open the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window where you can set up the autospin feature. On the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window, you can set up the following: Loss limit - enter a number for the loss limit value or use the left and the right arrow buttons to select a number for the loss limit value Stop if WIN reaches - to enable this setting, click the button on its left side and then enter a number for the WIN value or use the left and the right arrow buttons to select a number for the WIN value; click the button on its left side again to disable it Stop if JACKPOT is won - (only for games with Progressive Jackpots or with a specific Jackpot value displayed) - to enable this setting, click the button on its left side; click the button on its left side again to disable it Number of AUTO SPINS to play - use the left and the right arrow buttons to select the number of autospins Click START to close the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window and start the autospin feature with the currently selected bet and number of autospins or click CANCEL to close the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window without starting the autospin feature. Click the STOP xx/yy button to stop the autospin feature at any time; xx represents the remaining number of autospins and yy represents the number of autospins to play that you selected on the AUTO SPINS SETTINGS window. 5. Other game buttons 5.1. Flash version The following buttons are available: PAYTABLE - click to open the paytable where you can view: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in coins information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts or specific awards the game lines and short game rules STOP - (available only while the reels are spinning) click this button to stop the reels faster SKIP - (available during winning animations) click this button to skip winning animations settings window button - in the top-right corner of the main game screen, click the settings button to open the Settings window where you can manage sound volumes, view gameplay history or view detailed game rules Note : To close the Settings window you can click anywhere on the main game screen, or, in the top-right corner of the Settings window, click the return button. sound button - in the Settings window, click SOUND to open the sounds and volume panel where you can use sliders to manage Effects, Music and General volumes Note : To quickly mute or unmute all game sounds, in the Settings window, click the button displayed on the right side of SOUND. rules button - in the Settings window, click RULES to view detailed game rules in a new browser window history button - (in real mode only) in the Settings window, click HISTORY to view the gameplay history full screen button - in the top-left corner of the main game screen, click the fullscreen button to go to full screen mode; to exit full screen, click the button again or press ESC on your keyboard BACK - when you are in the paytable, click BACK to return to the main game screen Last modification date: 11/3/2020