Paranormal Activity Mobile How to Play Note: If you do not have enough money to play a game, the bet can be set to the minimum selectable amount through a dialog window informing about this. All winning ways pay from left to right, except Scatter winnings. Winnings on different ways are all added. The winnings from free spins and bonus are added to the total balance. Note: The number of matching winning symbols (ways) is calculated by multiplying the number of winning symbols on each reel. For example, if there is 1 winning symbol on reel 1, 1 winning symbol on reel 2 and 2 winning symbols on reel 3, then the number of matching winning symbols is 1 x 1 x 2 = 2. In this case, the number of reels involved in the win is 3 – in the paytable, you can view the gain for 3 reels for the winning symbol. On the info bar located under the main game buttons, you can view you can view the current Bet, your Balance and your current Win, in your currency, and your current Credit, in coins. To play, follow these steps: Click the coin value select button and then select a coin value from the list. The coin value select button is located on the right side of the BET box. Note: The total bet, in coins, is displayed in the BET box. Click to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won, in coins, according to the paytable, is shown in the WIN box. For each winning combination, the amount won is the number of matching winning symbols multiplied by the amount shown in the paytable for the number of reels involved in the win. The total amount won, in your currency, is shown on the info bar (Win), and is the total amount you won in coins multiplied by the coin value. Special Symbols and Features Wild Wild symbols can replace any other symbols, except Bonus and Scatter, to form winning combinations. Note : Wild symbols cannot appear on reel 1 Scatter Scatters pay anywhere on the reels, according to the paytable. Paranormal Activity spins At random, a normal paid spin can become a Paranormal Activity spin. During a Paranormal Activity spin, between 2 to 5 Wild symbols appear in random positions on the reels (except reel 1) and remain there until the spin ends. Note: Paranormal Activity spins and the Bonus round cannot be triggered at the same time. Paranormal Activity spins cannot be triggered during free spins. Bonus and free spins Bon us symbols can only appear on reels 1, 3 and 5. When a Bonus symbols appears anywhere on each of the three reels at the same time, the Bonus round is triggered. To start the Bonus round, click START - for the Flash version, or tap - for the Mobile version, and spin the Bonus wheel. Depending on where the wheel stops, you can win: Paranormal Free Spins - unlimited free spins until you have 5 winning free spins If a free spin does not result in a win, then that spin is not counted as being one of the five Paranormal Free Spins and the remaining free spins counter does not change. This type of free spins starts with an x1 multiplier that is applied to the first winning free spin. With each winning free spin, the multiplier that will be applied to the next winning free spin increases by one, up to x5 (the last winning free spin will have an x5 multiplier applied). Possessed Free Spins - 10 free spins during which stacked Wild symbols can appear on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 During this type of free spins, when stacked Wild symbols appear on any position of reels 2, 3, 4 or 5 (even if not fully visible), they will replace any symbols, except Bonus and Scatter, to form winning combinations. Demon Free Spins - 15 free spins with a special Demon symbol that can appear on any position of reel 3 During this type of free spins, when the Demon symbol appears anywhere on reel 3, it acts as a Wild symbol and it also transforms between 2 to 5 normal symbols on the reels (except on reel 1), at random, into Wild symbols. One of the 6 amounts of coins Note : Additional free spins cannot be triggered during free spins. Autospin feature The loss limit setting allows stopping the autospin feature automatically when the selected limit plus your cumulative winnings minus your cumulative bets is less than 0. Note : The autospin feature does not automatically start the bonus round or free spins – player input is required. Click the AUTO SPIN button to open the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window where you can set up the autospin feature. On the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window, you can set up the following: Loss limit - enter a number for the loss limit value or use the left and the right arrow buttons to select a number for the loss limit value Stop if WIN reaches - to enable this setting, click the button on its left side and then enter a number for the WIN value or use the left and the right arrow buttons to select a number for the WIN value; click the button on its left side again to disable it Stop if JACKPOT is won - (only for games with Progressive Jackpots or with a specific Jackpot value displayed) - to enable this setting, click the button on its left side; click the button on its left side again to disable it Number of AUTO SPINS to play - use the left and the right arrow buttons to select the number of auto spins Click START to close the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window and start the autospin feature with the currently selected bet and number of auto spins or click CANCEL to close the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window without starting the autospin feature. Click the STOP AUTOSPIN button to stop the autospin feature at any time. Other game buttons The following buttons are available: i - click to open the paytable where you can view: information about the payout for the winning combinations, in coins information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts or specific awards basic game rules - (available only while the reels are spinning) click this button to stop the reels faster - (available during winning animations) click this button to skip winning animations SETTINGS window – in the top-right corner of the main game screen, click the settings button (list symbol) to open the Settings window where you can manage sound volumes, enable/disable the turbo feature, view gameplay history or view detailed game rules Note : To close the Settings window you can click anywhere on the main game screen or, in the top-right corner of the Settings window, click the return button. SOUND - in the Settings window, click SOUND to open the sounds and volume panel where you can use sliders to manage Effects, Music and General volumes Note : To quickly mute or unmute all game sounds, in the SETTINGS window, click the button displayed on the right side of SOUND. TURBO - in the Settings window, click TURBO to enable the turbo feature which speeds up the gameplay (spin time is reduced to a minimum); click again to disable Note : You cannot enable or disable the turbo feature while the autospin feature is active. RULES -in the Settings window, click RULES to view detailed game rules in a new browser window HISTORY - (in real mode only) in the Settings window, click HISTORY to view the gameplay history FULL SCREEN - click the full screen button in the top-left corner of the main game screen to go to full screen mode; to exit full screen, click the button again or press ESC on your keyboard The theoretical return to player for this game is 96.75% The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 7/9/2020