Platoon Wild Progressive 1. Overview The goal is to obtain a winning combination on a winning line spread across the reels. Game specifications : Type Slots Number of reels 5 Number of rows 3 Number of lines 20 (cannot be changed) Number of coins you can bet per line 1 (cannot be changed) Progressive Progressive Double feature No Autospin feature Yes Wild symbols Yes Multiplier symbols No Scatter symbols Yes (the Jackpot symbol) Bonus round No Free s pins Yes Instant win No RTP 95.20% Jackpot For 9x Jackpot symbols: 50 000 coins, during free spins Progressive, during normal spins (for 5x, 6x, 7x and 8x Jackpot symbols please view the paytable) The game disconnects if you do not take any actions for a specific number of consecutive minutes (this number varies depending on jurisdiction); the session recovery feature will save the game progress so that the next time the game is loaded, you can continue where you left off. In the event of technical difficulties resulting a dropped connection to the game server, the game you were playing is saved automatically and will load the next time you establish a connection to the game server. You will not be able to reconnect to the game server for the first 30 seconds after the disconnection. Note : In case of malfunction all pays and play are voided; any bet that was not yet accepted will be voided, any bet that was unsettled will be refunded. 2. How to Play Note: If you do not have enough money to play a game, the bet can be set to the minimum selectable amount through a dialog window informing about this. All winning lines pay from left to right. Winnings on different selected lines are all added. Only the highest winning combination on each selected line is paid. Winnings from free spins are added to the total win. 2.1. Flash version Note : On the info bar located under the main game buttons, you can view the current BET, your BALANCE and your current WIN, in your currency, and your current CREDIT, in coins. To play, follow these steps: Use the coin value select buttons to choose a coin value. The coin value select buttons are located on the main game screen under the COIN VALUE box that shows the currently selected coin value. Note : The current bet amount, in coins, is displayed in the BET box. Click to place the bet and spin the reels once. The total amount won, in coins, is shown in the WIN box. For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. The total amount won, in your currency, is shown on the info bar (WIN) and is the total amount you won in coins multiplied by the coin value. 3. Special Symbols and Features 3.1. Wild The Wild symbol replaces any other symbols, except the Free Spins and Jackpot symbols. 3.2. Free Spins The Free Spin symbol can appear anywhere on any reels. When three Free Spin symbols appear anywhere on the reels, you win 8 FREE SPINS . All winnings, except Jackpot winnings, are doubled during Free Spins. Additional free spins can be triggered during free spins, that will add to the number of the remaining free spins. Note: During the free spins, the amount bet remains the same as on the spin that awarded the free spins. The coin value cannot be changed during free spins. After completing the Free Spins and upon returning to the normal game screen, the winnings are added to the total balance. 3.3. Jackpot During free spins only, three or more Jackpot symbols anywhere on the reels award a fixed amount, according to the paytable. 3.4. Progressive Jackpot During normal spins only, five or more Jackpot symbols award one of the Progressive Jackpot amounts, according to the paytable. With every bet, the base progressive jackpot value (the progressive pool) is increased with 0.5% of that bet. Note : The base progressive value (progressive pool) is a value stored in Euros and it is associated to a coin value of 10 Euros (which may not be available for you to select in the game): 5x Jackpot symbol – 20,000.00 seed + any 0.5% increments from all bets 6x Jackpot symbol – 100,000.00 seed + any 0.5% increments from all bets 7x Jackpot symbol – 200.000.00 seed + any 0.5% increments from all bets 8x Jackpot symbol – 2,000,000.00 seed + any 0.5% increments from all bets 9x Jackpot symbol – 5,000,000.00 seed + any 0.5% increments from all bets The Progressive Jackpot counters display the progressive jackpot value for the currently selected coin value. The displayed jackpot value is proportional to the selected coin value and is a portion of the progressive pool, calculated depending on the currently selected coin value. Note : The maximum available progressive is paid when playing with the maximum available coin value. The Jackpot value is refreshed once every 3 seconds. Depending on the clients’ internet service provider as well as their hardware, server-to-client delays will vary from player to player and from message to message. Between two successive refreshes of the Progressive Jackpot counter, it is possible for two or more players to win the jackpot in close succession. In this case, the first player that wins the Jackpot is awarded the Progressive Jackpot amount in full, while the subsequent winner is awarded the minimum guaranteed Progressive Jackpot, as well as 0.5% of the bets placed between the two successive Jackpot wins. 4. Autospin feature The loss limit setting allows stopping the autospin feature automatically when the selected limit plus your cumulative winnings minus your cumulative bets is less than 0. Note : The autoplay feature does not automatically start free spins – player input is required. 4.1. Flash version Click the AUTO SPIN button to open the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window where you can set up the autospin feature. On the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window, you can set up the following: Loss limit – enter a number for the loss limit value or use the left and the right arrow buttons to select a number for the loss limit value Stop if WIN reaches – to enable this setting, click the button on its left side and then enter a number for the WIN value or use the left and the right arrow buttons to select a number for the WIN value; click the button on its left side again to disable it Stop if JACKPOT is won - (only for games with Progressive Jackpots or with a specific Jackpot value displayed) - to enable this setting, click the button on its left side; click the button on its left side again to disable it Number of AUTO SPINS to play – use the left and the right arrow buttons to select the number of autospins Click START to close the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window and start the autospin feature with the currently selected bet and number of autospins or click CANCEL to close the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window without starting the autospin feature. Click the STOP AUTOSPIN button to stop the autospin feature at any time. 5. Other game buttons 5.1. Flash version The following buttons are available: i – click to open the paytable where you can view: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in coins information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts or specific awards the game lines and short game rules – (available only while the reels are spinning) click this button to stop the reels faster – (available during winning animations) click this button to skip winning animations settings window button – in the top-right corner of the main game screen, click the settings button (list symbol) to open the Settings window where you can manage sound volumes, view gameplay history or view detailed game rules Note : To close the Settings window you can click anywhere on the main game screen or, in the top-right corner of the Settings window, click the return button. sound button - in the Settings window, click SOUND to open the sounds and volume panel where you can use sliders to manage Effects, Music and General volumes Note : To quickly mute or unmute all game sounds, in the Settings window, click the button displayed on the right side of SOUND. rules button – in the Settings window, click RULES to view detailed game rules in a new browser window history button – (in real mode only) in the Settings window, click HISTORY to view the gameplay history full screen button – click the button in the top-left corner of the main game screen to go to full screen mode; to exit full screen, click the button again or press ESC on your keyboard Last modification date: 3/30/2017