Platoon How to Play Note: If you do not have enough money to play a game, the bet can be set to the minimum selectable amount through a dialog window informing about this. All winning lines pay from left to right. During Free spins, winning lines are paid from left to right and from right to left – winnings for lines with 5x same symbol are paid only once. Wins on different selected lines are all added. Only the highest winning combination on each selected line is paid. Winnings from respins and bonus are added to the total win. Note : On the info bar located under the main game buttons, you can view the current BET, your BALANCE and your current WINNINGS, in your currency. To play, follow these steps: Use the coin value select button to choose a coin value. The coin value select button is located in the bottom-left side of the main game screen and shows the currently selected coin value. Use the LINE BET button to choose the amount of coins you want to bet on each active line. Use the LINES button to choose the number of active lines. Note : The current bet amount, in your currency, is displayed in the TOTAL BET box. Click SPIN to place the bet and spin the reels once. You can click the BET MAX button to place the maximum bet (maximum number of coins per line) for the currently selected coin value and spin the reels once. The total amount won, in your currency, according to the paytable, is shown in the WINNINGS box. For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. Special Symbols and Features Wild Replaces any symbol except Bonus. Any winning line that uses one or more Wild symbols will pay x3. A Wild symbol anywhere on the screen awards a Respin. At the end of the Respin, it will move to the left of the screen by one reel – with the Wild’s new position, winning combinations are paid (if any exist). The Respins continue until all wild symbols exit the screen. The retriggered Respins are played using the same bet and coin value as the original spin. During Free Spins, wins from Respins are paid from left to right and from right to left – winnings for lines with 5x same symbol are paid only once. Note: 5 Wild symbols on a selected line pay the same as 5 x highest paying symbol on that line, multiplied by 3. Bonus Bonus – awards Free Spins, as well as bonus amounts based on the bet amount. Any winnings from Bonus are added to the total winnings. During free spins, the amount bet remains the same as the bet on the spin that has triggered the Bonus that awarded the free spins and cannot be changed. Autospin feature The loss limit setting allows stopping the autospin feature automatically when the selected limit plus your cumulative winnings minus your cumulative bets is less than 0. Note : The autospin feature does not automatically start the bonus round – player input is required. Click the AUTO SPIN button to open the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window, where you can set up the autospin feature. On the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window, you can set up the following: Loss limit – enter a number for the loss limit value or use the left and the right arrow buttons to select a number for the loss limit value Stop if WIN reaches – to enable this setting, click the button on its left side and then enter a number for the WIN value or use the left and the right arrow buttons to select a number for the WIN value; click the button on its left side again to disable it Stop if JACKPOT is won - (only for games with Progressive Jackpots or with a specific Jackpot value displayed) - to enable this setting, click the button on its left side; click the button on its left side again to disable it Number of AUTO SPINS to play – use the left and the right arrow buttons to select the number of autospins Click START to close the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window and start the autospin feature with the currently selected bet and number of autospins or click CANCEL to close the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window without starting the autospin feature. Click the STOP xx/yy button to stop the autospin feature at any time; xx represents the remaining number of autospins and yy represents the number of autospins to play that you selected on the AUTO SPINS SETTINGS window Other game buttons The following buttons are available: PAYTABLE – click to open the paytable where you can view: information about the payout for the winning combinations, in your currency information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payout or specific awards the available keyboard shortcuts, the game lines and short game rules STOP – (available only while the reels are spinning) click this button to stop the reels faster SKIP – (available during winning animations) click this button to skip winning animations settings window button – in the top-right corner of the main game screen, click the settings button to open the Settings window where you can toggle fullscreen mode, manage sound volumes, view gameplay history or view detailed game rules Note : To close the Settings window you can click anywhere on the main game screen, or, in the top-left corner of the Settings window, click the return button. sound button – in the Settings window, click SOUND to open the sounds and volume panel where you can use sliders to manage Winning, Game and Background sounds or the general Volume; click SAVE to save any changes you make Note : To quickly mute or unmute all game sounds, in the Settings window, click the button displayed on the right side of SOUND. rules button – in the Settings window, click RULES to view detailed game rules in a new browser window history button – (in real mode only) in the Settings window, click HISTORY to view the gameplay history full screen button – in the Settings window, click FULLSCREEN to go to full screen mode; to exit full screen, click the button again or press ESC on your keyboard BACK - when you are in the paytable, click BACK to return to the main game screen Last modification date: 5/30/2017