Phantasmic Fortunes 1. Overview Note: This game is available in portrait mode only. The goal is to obtain a winning combination on a winning way spread across the reels. Game specifications : Type Slots Number of reels 5 Number of rows 3 to 6 Number of ways 243 to 7776 Number of coins you can bet 20 (cannot be changed) Progressive No Double feature No Auto spin feature Yes Wild symbols Yes Multiplier symbols Yes Scatter symbols Yes Bonus round No Free s pins Yes Instant win No RTP 95.98% The game disconnects if you do not take any actions for a specific number of consecutive minutes (this number varies depending on jurisdiction); the session recovery feature will save the game progress so that the next time the game is loaded, you can continue where you left off. In the event of technical difficulties resulting in a dropped connection to the game server, the game you were playing is saved automatically and will load the next time you establish a connection to the game server. You will not be able to reconnect to the game server for the first 30 seconds after the disconnection. Note : In case of malfunction all pays and play are voided; any bet that was not yet accepted will be voided, any bet that was unsettled will be refunded. 2. How to Play Note: If you do not have enough money to play a game, the bet can be set to the minimum selectable amount through a dialog window informing about this. All winning ways pay from left to right. Winnings on different ways are all added. Only the highest winning combination on each way is paid. Winnings from Free Spins are added to the total win. The auto spin feature does not automatically start free spins - player input is required. On the info bar, you can view the current BET, your BALANCE and your current WIN, displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 2.1. Desktop version To play, follow these steps: Click on the main screen, and then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value. Click to save the settings and return to the main screen. Note: The total BET is displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). Click to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won will be shown in the WIN field from the info bar, in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 2.2. Mobile version To play, follow these steps: Tap on the main screen, then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value. Tap to save the settings and return to the main screen. Note: The total BET is displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won will be shown in the WIN field from the info bar, in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. To toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 3. Special Symbols and Features 3.1. Wild The Wild symbol replaces any other symbols, except the Scatter Symbols , to form winning combinations. Note: Wild symbols are only available on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. 3.2. Phantasmic and Magic Wild Symbols The Phantasmic and Magic Wild symbols are only available when the modifier is triggered. 3.3. Bonus Scatter Symbols 3x Scatter symbols triggers Phantasmic Free Spins . A Scatter symbol can occupy up to 2 normal symbol spaces and can land fully and partially in view. Note: Scatter symbols are only available on reels 2, 3 and 4. 3.4. Diamond Symbol Diamond - will increase the size of the reel on which it lands by one symbol, creating extra ways for the next spin. Note: More than one Diamond symbol can land per spin, but only one on each reel. 3.5. Xpanding Ways The game will always begin at 243 ways. If any Diamond symbol lands in view this will activate Xpanding Ways , boosting the size of the reel by 1 and increasing the number of ways. If a reel reaches an orb, this will trigger the corresponding prize and return back to 243 ways. 3.6. Orbs Orbs contain prizes which are revealed at the start of the game. Each time a Diamond symbol lands in view this will increase the reel, moving it closer to a prize. When a prize is won it will activate and then the reels will return back to their original size (243 ways). The Orbs will also reset and reveal new prizes. Orb prizes are saved for each bet level, changing bet size will display the relevant orbs. Up to two Orb prizes can be won on any spin - Orb prizes are as follows: Bet Multipliers, base game - 5x, 10x, 15x, 20x, 25x, 30x, 50x, 75x, 100x, 200x Bet Multipliers, Free Spins - 5x, 10x, 15x, 20x, 25x, 30x, 50x, 75x, 100x, 200x, 250x, 500x, 1000x; Bonus Orb (base game only) - Awards Phantasmic Free Spins ; Phantasmic Wild Orb (base game only) - Adds between 2, 3 or 4 stacked Phantasmic Wild symbols onto the reels. Each stacked Phantasmic Wild symbol will fill an entire reel, regardless of the number of symbols; Magic Wild Orb (base game only) - Adds 2, 3 or 4 random Magic Wild symbols . Up to 6 random Magic Wild symbols can be added in total across all reels; 3.7. Magic Boost After any Orb win or Bonus , Magic Boost can randomly be triggered. This will instantly increase the size of up to two reels to create additional winning ways from the start. 3.8. Free Spins Landing 3 or more Scatter symbols on reels 2, 3 and 4 will trigger the Phantasmic Free Spins . Scatter symbols occupy 2 symbol spaces and can land fully or partially in view to trigger the Bonus . Phantasmic Free Spins can also be triggered by reaching a Bonus Orb . Phantasmic Free Spins are active with the reels starting on a 243 ways layout. Any Diamond symbol which lands in view will expand the reel and increase the number of ways for the next spin. When an Orb without COLLECT is reached, the prize is awarded and that reel resets to 3 symbols deep. The Orb will also reset to contain both a new prize and COLLECT . Phantasmic Free Spins continue until reaching an orb with COLLECT inside. This will award the prize and end Phantasmic Free Spins . When a prize is won it will activate and then the reels will return back to their original size (243 ways). The Orbs will also reset and reveal new prizes. REELS_BOOST= Magic Boost. INFO PRIZES= Orb. CASH PRIZE= Orb Win. REELS_LAYOUT= Reels Layout. INFO PRE_MAGIC_WILDS= Before Magic Wild. INFO PRE_PHANTASMIC_WILDS= Before Phantasmic Wild. 4. Auto spin feature The loss limit setting allows stopping the auto spin feature automatically when the selected limit, plus your cumulative winnings, and minus your cumulative bets, is less than 0. 4.1. Desktop version Click the AUTO SPIN button to open the AUTO SPIN settings window where you can set up the following: Number of auto spins: click + or - to select the number of auto spins to play. Loss limit: click + or - to select the value of the loss limit; Stop if a win reaches: click + or - to select the value of the maximum win; Stop if JACKPOT is won (only for games with Progressive Jackpots): to enable this setting, tick the checkbox; to disable it, remove the tick. Click the ACTIVATE button to close the AUTO SPIN settings window and to start the auto spin feature with the currently selected bet and auto spin setup. Click the CLOSE button to close the window without starting the auto spin feature. Click the STOP AUTO SPIN button to stop the auto spin feature at any time. 4.2. Mobile version Tap the AUTO SPIN button to open the AUTO SPIN settings window where you can set up the following: Number of auto spins: tap + or - to select the number of auto spins to play. Loss limit: tap + or - to select the value of the loss limit; Stop if a win reaches: tap + or - to select the value of the maximum win; Stop if JACKPOT is won (only for games with Progressive Jackpots): to enable this setting, tick the checkbox; to disable it, remove the tick. Tap the ACTIVATE button to close the SPIN settings window and to start the auto spin feature with the currently selected bet and auto spin setup. Tap the CLOSE button to close the window without starting the auto spin feature. Tap the STOP AUTO SPIN button to stop the auto spin feature at any time. 5. Other Game Buttons 5.1. Desktop version The following buttons are available: Click this button to toggle the game sound on or off. Click this button to open the PAYOUTS tab, where you can view several screens: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in either credit or your real currency - to toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area. information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts, or specific awards; the game lines and basic game rules. To navigate among the various screens in the PAYOUTS tab, click on the left and right arrows at the bottom of the screen. Rules In the last of the screens from the PAYOUTS tab, click this button to view detailed game rules, in a new browser window (in real mode only) This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen. Click on it to view the gameplay history, in a new browser window. This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen. Click on it to close the game and to open the home website, in the same browser window. (available while the reels are spinning) Click this button to stop the reels earlier. (available during winning animations) Click this button to skip the winning animations. (available only for specific jurisdictions) Click this button to activate Turbo mode. The Turbo mode speeds up the gameplay - the spin time is reduced to a minimum. 5.2. Mobile version The following buttons are available: Click this button to toggle the game sound on or off. Tap this button to open the PAYOUTS tab, where you can view several screens: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in either credit or your real currency - to toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area. information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts, or specific awards; the game lines and basic game rules. To navigate among the various screens in the PAYOUTS tab, tap on the left and right arrows at the bottom of the screen Rules In the last of the screens from the PAYOUTS tab, click this button to view detailed game rules, in a new browser window (in real mode only) This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen. Click on it to view the gameplay history, in a new browser window. This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen. Click on it to close the game and to open the home website, in the same browser window. (available while the reels are spinning) Click this button to stop the reels earlier. (available during winning animations) Click this button to skip the winning animations. (available only for specific jurisdictions) Click this button to activate Turbo mode. The Turbo mode speeds up the gameplay - the spin time is reduced to a minimum. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 10/21/2020