Red Dragon Wild How to Play Note: If you do not have enough money to play a game, the bet can be set to the minimum selectable amount through a dialog window informing about this. All winning lines pay from left to right. Wins on different selected lines are all added. Only the highest winning combination on each selected line is paid. Winnings from Scatter and bonus rounds are added to the total win. Note : On the info bar located under the main game buttons, you can view the current BET, your BALANCE and your current WINNINGS, in your currency. To play, follow these steps: Use the coin value select button to choose a coin value. The coin value select button is located in the bottom-left side of the main game screen and shows the currently selected coin value. Use the LINE BET button to choose the amount of coins you want to bet on each active line. Use the LINES button to choose the number of active lines. Note : The current bet amount, in your currency, is displayed in the BET box. Click SPIN to place the bet and spin the reels once. You can click the BET MAX button to place the maximum bet (all lines active and maximum number of coins per line) for the currently selected coin value and spin the reels once. The total amount won, in your currency, according to the paytable, is shown in the WINNINGS box. For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination multiplied by the coin value multiplied by the line bet. Special Symbols and Features Dragon Wild replaces any symbol except Red Dragon Bonus and Extended Wild it can transform 1 to 5 normal symbols on the screen into Blue Dragon Wild symbols remains locked for all free spins (including retriggered free spins) only one Dragon Wild symbol can appear per base game spin only one Dragon Wild symbol can appear per free spin, but only if a Dragon Wild symbol is not locked for that specific spin Blue Dragon Wild replaces any symbol except Dragon Wild, Red Dragon Bonus and Extended Wild Extended Wild expands on the whole reel, if by expanding it will form at least one winning combination replaces any symbol except Red Dragon Bonus and Dragon Wild with no Dragon Wild symbol on the screen, a maximum of 3 expanding wilds can appear on the screen at the same time; this applies during base game spins as well as free spins with a Dragon Wild symbol already on the screen, a maximum 2 expanding wilds can appear on the screen at the same time; this applies during base game spins as well as free spins Red Dragon Bonus Three or more Red Dragon symbols anywhere on the screen trigger the Bonus Round, where free spins can be won. Bonus Three or more Red Dragon symbols anywhere on the screen trigger the Bonus Round. To play the Bonus round, click the boxes to be broken; any broken box can award free spins. The minimum number of free spins that can be won during the Bonus round is 10, while the maximum is 20. During normal spins, when the Bonus is triggered, it also awards additive values based on the total bet. 5 x total bet, for 3 Bonus symbols 10 x total bet, for 4 Bonus symbols 15 x total bet, for 5 Bonus symbols Note : When 3 or more Red Dragon symbols appear anywhere on the screen during Free Spins round, it will only award 5 additional free spins. The maximum number of free spins that can be won during a normal Bonus round is 100; this includes the initial free spins and additional free spins from retriggered Bonus rounds. Autospin feature The loss limit setting allows stopping the autospin feature automatically when the selected limit plus your cumulative winnings minus your cumulative bets is less than 0. Note : The autospin feature does not automatically start free spins – player input is required. Click the AUTO SPIN button to open the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window, where you can set up the autospin feature. On the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window, you can set up the following: Loss limit – enter a number for the loss limit value or use the left and the right arrow buttons to select a number for the loss limit value Stop if WIN reaches – to enable this setting, click the button on its left side and then enter a number for the WIN value or use the left and the right arrow buttons to select a number for the WIN value; click the button on its left side again to disable it Stop if JACKPOT is won - (only for games with Progressive Jackpots or with a specific Jackpot value displayed) - to enable this setting, click the button on its left side; click the button on its left side again to disable it Number of AUTO SPINS to play – use the left and the right arrow buttons to select the number of autospins Click START to close the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window and start the autospin feature with the currently selected bet and number of autospins or click CANCEL to close the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window without starting the autospin feature. Click the STOP xx/yy button to stop the autospin feature at any time; xx represents the remaining number of autospins and yy represents the number of autospins to play that you selected on the AUTO SPINS SETTINGS window. Other game buttons The following buttons are available: i – click to open the paytable where you can view: information about the payout for the winning combinations, in coins information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payout or specific awards the available keyboard shortcuts, the game lines and short game rules STOP – (available only while the reels are spinning) click this button to stop the reels faster SKIP – (available during winning animations) click this button to skip winning animations game options button - in the top left corner of the game screen, click the wrench symbol to open the game options window where you can move sliders to manage winning, game and background sounds or the general volume; click SAVE to close the options window and save any changes you make or click CANCEL to close the options window without saving sound button - in the top left corner of the screen, click the speaker symbol to toggle the game sound rules button – in the top left corner of the game screen, click the ? symbol to view detailed game rules in a new browser window history button – (in real mode only) in the top left corner of the game screen, click the clock symbol to view the gameplay history close button – in the top right corner of the game screen, click X to close the game full screen button – in the top right corner of the game screen, click the button next to X to go to full screen mode; to exit full screen, click the button again or press ESC on your keyboard BACK - when you are in the paytable, click BACK to return to the main game screen The theoretical return to player for this game is 95.74% The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 7/9/2020