Robo Smash 1. Overview The goal is to obtain a winning combination on a winning line spread across the reels. Game specifications: Type Slots Number of reels 5 Number of rows 3 Number of lines 15 (cannot be changed) Number of coins you can bet per line 1 (cannot be changed) Progressive No Double feature No Autospin feature Yes Wild symbols Yes Multiplier symbols No Scatter symbols No Bonus round No Free s pins Yes Instant win No RTP Max Bet: 96.55% Jackpot 500 coins per line at bet max during normal spins The game disconnects if you do not take any actions for a specific number of consecutive minutes (this number varies depending on jurisdiction); the session recovery feature will save the game progress so that the next time the game is loaded, you can continue where you left off. In the event of technical difficulties resulting a dropped connection to the game server, the game you were playing is saved automatically and will load the next time you establish a connection to the game server. You will not be able to reconnect to the game server for the first 30 seconds after the disconnection. Note : In case of malfunction all pays and play are voided; any bet that was not yet accepted will be voided, any bet that was unsettled will be refunded. 2. How to Play Note: If you do not have enough money to play a game, the bet can be set to the minimum selectable amount through a dialog window informing about this. All winning lines pay from left to right. Wins on different selected lines are all added. Only the highest winning combination on each selected line is paid. Winnings from free spins are added to the total win. 2.1. Flash version Note : On the info bar located under the main game screen, you can view the current Bet, your Balance and your current Win, in your currency, and your current Credit, in coins. To play, follow these steps: Use the coin value select buttons to choose a coin value. The coin value select buttons are located on the main game screen under the COIN VALUE box that shows the currently selected coin value. Note : The current bet amount, in coins, is displayed in the BET box. Click to place the bet and spin the reels once. The total amount won, in coins, according to the paytable, is shown in the WIN box. For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. The total amount won, in your currency, is shown on the info bar ( WIN ) and is the total amount you won in coins multiplied by the coin value. 2.2. Mobile version Note : On the info bar located under the main game screen, you can view the current Bet, your Balance and your current Win, in your currency, and your current Credit, in coins. To play, follow these steps: Tap to go to the settings menu and set up your bet by selecting the following: the coin value : on the right of the current coin value, tap + to select a higher value or tap – to select a lower value. Note: The total bet, in coins, is displayed in the settings menu, in the Total Bet box. Exit the settings menu and then, on the right side of the main game screen, tap to spin the reels one time. The total amount won, in coins, according to the paytable, is shown in the Win popup. For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. The total amount won, in your currency, is shown on the info bar ( Win ) and is the total amount you won in coins multiplied by the coin value. 3. Special Symbols and Features 3.1. Wild The Robot Wild symbol replaces any symbols and can only appear on reels 1 and 5. Note : There are two Robot Wild symbols, one representing each robot clan (the good and the bad). When a Robot Wild symbol appears in the middle of a reel, it will transform the whole reel in wild. 3.2. Free spins When a Robot Wild symbol appears in the middle of reel 1 and another one appears in the middle of reel 5, both will expand to the whole reel and trigger 5 free spins: 1st spin: the extended Robot Wild symbols remain on reels 1 and 5, while reels 2, 3, 4 spin - all winnings are paid according to the paytable (are not multiplied) 2nd spin: the extended Robot Wild symbols move on reels 2 and 4, while reels 1, 3, 5 spin - all winnings are multiplied by 2 3rd spin: the extended Robot Wild symbols move on reel 3, while reels 1, 2, 4, 5 spin - all winnings are multiplied by 3 4th spin: the extended Robot Wild symbols move back on reels 2 and 4, while reels 1, 3, 5 spin - all winnings are multiplied by 2 5th spin: the extended Robot Wild symbols move back on reels 1 and 5, while reels 2, 3, 4 spin - all winnings are paid according to the paytable (are not multiplied) 4. Autospin feature The loss limit setting allows stopping the autospin feature automatically when the selected limit plus your cumulative winnings minus your cumulative bets is less than 0. Note : The autospin feature does not automatically start the free spins – player input is required. 4.1. Flash version Click the AUTO SPIN button to open the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window where you can set up the autospin feature. On the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window, you can set up the following: Loss limit - enter a number for the loss limit value or use the left and the right arrow buttons to select a number for the loss limit value Stop if WIN reaches - to enable this setting, click the button on its left side and then enter a number for the WIN value or use the left and the right arrow buttons to select a number for the WIN value; click the button on its left side again to disable it Stop if JACKPOT is won - (only for games with Progressive Jackpots or with a specific Jackpot value displayed) - to enable this setting, click the button on its left side; click the button on its left side again to disable it Number of AUTO SPINS to play - use the left and the right arrow buttons to select the number of auto spins Click START to close the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window and start the autospin feature with the currently selected bet and number of auto spins or click CANCEL to close the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window without starting the autospin feature. Click the STOP AUTOSPIN button to stop the autospin feature at any time. 4.2. Mobile version To set up the Autospin , go to the settings menu and scroll to the Auto spin section. In the Auto spin section, you can set up the following: Number of auto spins to play – on the right of the current Autospin value, tap + to select a higher value or tap – to select a lower value; Loss limit : on the right of the current loss limit value, tap + to select a higher value or tap – to select a lower value tap the current loss limit value, use the on-screen number pad to enter a value and then confirm your selection; tap X to close the on-screen number pad without confirming Stop if win reaches – to enable this setting, tap the button on its left side (tap the same button again to disable it) and then you can: on the right of the current Win limit value, tap + to select a higher value or tap – to select a lower value tap the current Win limit value, use the on-screen number pad to enter a value and then confirm your selection; tap X to close the on-screen number pad without confirming Stop if JACKPOT is won - (only for games with Progressive Jackpots or with a specific Jackpot value displayed) - to enable this setting, tap the button on its left side; tap the button on its left side again to disable it To start the Autospin using the current bet, tap ACTIVATE . To stop the Autospin at any time, on the main game screen, tap . Note : The remaining number of auto spins is displayed in the middle lower side of the screen. 5. Other game buttons 5.1. Flash version The following buttons are available: i - click to open the paytable where you can view: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in coins information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts or specific awards the game lines and basic game rules - (available only while the reels are spinning) click this button to stop the reels faster - (available during winning animations) click this button to skip winning animations SETTINGS window – in the top-right corner of the main game screen, click the settings button (list symbol) to open the Settings window where you can manage sound volumes, enable/disable the turbo feature, view gameplay history or view detailed game rules Note : To close the Settings window you can click anywhere on the main game screen or, in the top-right corner of the Settings window, click the return button. SOUND - in the Settings window, click SOUND to open the sounds and volume panel where you can use sliders to manage Effects, Music and General volumes Note : To quickly mute or unmute all game sounds, in the SETTINGS window, click the button displayed on the right side of SOUND. TURBO - in the Settings window, click TURBO to enable the turbo feature which speeds up the gameplay (spin time is reduced to a minimum); click again to disable Note : You cannot enable or disable the turbo feature while the autospin feature is active. RULES -in the Settings window, click RULES to view detailed game rules in a new browser window HISTORY - (in real mode only) in the Settings window, click HISTORY to view the gameplay history FULL SCREEN - click the full screen button in the top-left corner of the main game screen to go to full screen mode; to exit full screen, click the button again or press ESC on your keyboard 5.2. Mobile version The following buttons are available: - on the main screen, tap the Home button to close the game and open the home website, in the same browser window - on the main screen, tap the Info button to open the paytable where you can view: information about the payout for the winning combinations, in coins information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts or specific awards the game lines and basic game rules - on the main screen, tap the Fullscreen button to view the game window in full screen mode; tap again to return to normal mode - in the settings menu, tap the Clock button to view the gameplay history - in the paytable, tap the Rules button to view detailed game rules in a new browser window - in the settings menu or in the paytable, tap this button to return to the main screen - tap this button to confirm and close any dialog boxes displayed during the game - tap this button to toggle the general game sound (you can also go to the settings menu and turn the Sounds on or off) - (available during winning animations) tap this button to skip winning animations Last modification date: 3/30/2017