Reel Crown: Hold & Win 1. Overview The goal is to obtain a winning combination on a winning line spread across the reels. Game specifications : Type Slots Number of reels 5 Number of rows 3 - during normal spins 3 to 6 - during Respins Bonus Number of lines 25 (cannot be changed) Number of coins you can bet 25 (cannot be changed) Progressive No Double feature No Auto spin feature Yes Wild symbols Yes Multiplier symbols Yes Scatter symbols Yes Bonus round Yes(Respins Bonus) Free s pins No Instant win No RTP 94.00% The game disconnects if you do not take any actions for a specific number of consecutive minutes (this number varies depending on jurisdiction); the session recovery feature will save the game progress so that the next time the game is loaded, you can continue where you left off. In the event of technical difficulties resulting in a dropped connection to the game server, the game you were playing is saved automatically and will load the next time you establish a connection to the game server. You will not be able to reconnect to the game server for the first 30 seconds after the disconnection. Note : In case of malfunction all pays and play are voided; any bet that was not yet accepted will be voided, any bet that was unsettled will be refunded. 2. How to Play Note: If you do not have enough money to play a game, the bet can be set to the minimum selectable amount through a dialog window informing about this. All winning lines pay from left to right. Wins on different lines are all added. Only the highest winning combination on each line is paid. On the info bar, you can view the current BET, your BALANCE and your current WIN, displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 2.1. Desktop version To play, follow these steps: Click on the main screen, and then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value. Click to save the settings and return to the main screen. Note: The total BET is displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). Click to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won will be shown in the WIN field from the info bar, in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 2.2. Mobile version To play, follow these steps: Tap on the main screen, then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value. Tap to save the settings and return to the main screen. Note: The total BET is displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won will be shown in the WIN field from the info bar, in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. To toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 3. Special Symbols and Features 3.1. Wild The Wild symbol replaces any other symbols, except the Scatter , to form winning combinations. 3.2. Scatters Landing 5 or more Scatter symbols on the reels will trigger Respins Bonus . 3.3. Respins Bonus Landing 5 or more Scatter symbols on the reels will trigger Respins Bonus . 3 Respins Bonus will be awarded and any Scatter that lands during Respins Bonus will stick in place and reset the respins. The Respins Bonus feature is over once all respins have been used or all available positions are filled with Scatter . Note: The values displayed on the Scatter are shown in the selected currency/coin. 3.4. Reel Boosters During Respins Bonus different Gems can land on the reels. Collecting 3 Gems of the same kind will trigger a booster. Reels Boosted Collecting 3 Blue Gems will unlock an extra row. The maximum number of rows you can unlock is 3. Values Boosted Collecting 3 Green Gems will increase all landed values to the next possible value (i.e 0.25 > 0.50 > 0.75 etc.) Cash Boosters can only be collected a maximum of 3 times in a respins round, once this is reached no more Cash Boosters will be awarded. Spins+ Boosted Collecting 3 Red Gems will award an extra Respin for the remaining of the round, and every time the counter is reset it will be with the boosted spin amount. Multiplier Boosted Collecting 3 Purple Gems will increase the multiplier level. The first 3 Purple Gems will award the 2x multiplier, the next 3 will award 5x multiplier and the final 3 will award 10x multiplier. You can not win any other Purple Gems after winning the 10x multiplier Possible Values during Respins are as follows in times bet values: x1, x2, x3, x4, x5, x10, x15, x20, x25, x50, x100, x250, x500, x750 & x1000 . If any Scatter land or are boosted to the max amount (x1000 time total bet) no increases will be made. Any multiplier won during Respins will be applied to the final win amount at the end of the round. 3.5. Reel Modifiers On any spin, modifier can be triggered. Pick 1 of 3 Mini Slot Reels, picked from a possible 3 outcomes, to reveal the following: Win Spin – Mystery symbols are added to the reels to guarantee a win. These will transform into the same random symbol (excluding Scatter). Bonus Add – Scatter symbols are added to all the reels for an increased chance of triggering the Respins Bonus . Bonus Add does not guarantee the Respins. Wild Reels – Stacked Wilds will be created on the reels. 2-5 Stacked Wilds are possible. Note: History application keys. respins_left,respins_used= Spins respins_symbols= Respins Bonus initial_screen= initial symbols result_screen= Result Screen WILD_DESIRE,Stacks= Wild Reels hold _winnings= Hold  Win game_multiplier= Multiplier scatter_values= Scatter WIN_SPIN,MODIFIER_WIN_SPIN= Win Spin REEL_BOOST_TRIGGERED= Reels Boosted MULTIPLIER_BOOST_TRIGGERED= Multiplier Boosted CASH_BOOST_TRIGGERED= Values Boosted LIFE_BOOST_TRIGGERED= Spins Boosted cash_boosters= Values+ Collected multipliers_boosters= Multiplier+ Collected extra_reels= Reels+ Collected extra_life_boosters= Spins+ Collected 4. Other game buttons 4.1. Desktop version The following buttons are available: Click this button to toggle the game sound on or off. Click this button to open the PAYOUTS tab, where you can view several screens: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in either credit or your real currency - to toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area. information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts, or specific awards; the game lines and basic game rules. To navigate among the various screens in the PAYOUTS tab, click on the left and right arrows at the bottom of the screen. RULES In the last of the screens from the PAYOUTS tab, click this button to view detailed game rules, in a new browser window. (in real mode only) This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Click on it to view the gameplay history, in a new browser window. This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Click on it to close the game and to open the home website, in the same browser window. (available while the reels are spinning) Click this button to stop the reels earlier. (available during winning animations) Click this button to skip the winning animations. (available only for specific jurisdictions) Click this button to activate Turbo mode. The Turbo mode speeds up the gameplay - the spin time is reduced to a minimum. 4.2. Mobile version The following buttons are available: Click this button to toggle the game sound on or off. Click this button to open the PAYOUTS tab, where you can view several screens: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in either credit or your real currency - to toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area. information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts, or specific awards; the game lines and basic game rules. To navigate among the various screens in the PAYOUTS tab, click on the left and right arrows at the bottom of the screen. RULES In the last of the screens from the PAYOUTS tab, click this button to view detailed game rules, in a new browser window. (in real mode only) This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Click on it to view the gameplay history, in a new browser window. This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Click on it to close the game and to open the home website, in the same browser window. (available while the reels are spinning) Click this button to stop the reels earlier. (available during winning animations) Click this button to skip the winning animations. (available only for specific jurisdictions) Click this button to activate Turbo mode. The Turbo mode speeds up the gameplay - the spin time is reduced to a minimum. 5. Auto spin feature The loss limit setting allows stopping the auto spin feature automatically when the selected limit, plus your cumulative winnings, and minus your cumulative bets, is less than 0. 5.1. Desktop version Click the AUTO SPIN button to open the AUTO SPIN settings window where you can set up the following: Number of auto spins : click + or - to select the number of auto spins to play. Loss limit : click + or - to select the value of the loss limit; Stop if a win reaches : click + or - to select the value of the maximum win; Stop if JACKPOT is won (only for games with Progressive Jackpots): to enable this setting, tick the checkbox ; to disable it, remove the tick. Click the ACTIVATE button to close the AUTO SPIN settings window and to start the auto spin feature with the currently selected bet and auto spin setup. Click the CLOSE button to close the window without starting the auto spin feature. Click the STOP AUTO SPIN button to stop the auto spin feature at any time. 5.2. Mobile version Tap the AUTO SPIN button to open the AUTO SPIN settings window where you can set up the following: Number of auto spins : tap + or - to select the number of auto spins to play. Loss limit : tap + or - to select the value of the loss limit; Stop if a win reaches : tap + or - to select the value of the maximum win; Stop if JACKPOT is won (only for games with Progressive Jackpots): to enable this setting, tick the checkbox ; to disable it, remove the tick. Tap the ACTIVATE button to close the SPIN settings window and to start the auto spin feature with the currently selected bet and auto spin setup. Tap the CLOSE button to close the window without starting the auto spin feature. Tap the STOP AUTO SPIN button to stop the auto spin feature at any time. Last modification date: 6/20/2023