Royal Cash How to Play Note : On the info bar located under the main game buttons, you can view the current BET, your BALANCE and your current WINNINGS, in your currency. To play, follow these steps: Use the coin value select button to choose a coin value. The coin value select is located in the bottom-left side of the game screen and shows the currently selected coin value. Use the LINE BET button to choose the amount of coins you want to bet on each active line. Use the LINES button to choose the number of active lines. Note : The current bet amount, in your currency, is displayed in the BET box. Click SPIN to place the bet and spin the reels once. You can click the BET MAX button to place the maximum bet (all lines active and maximum number of coins per line) for the currently selected coin value and spin the reels once. Note: If you do not have enough money to play a game, the bet can be set to the minimum selectable amount through a dialog window informing about this. All winning lines pay from left to right. Wins on different selected lines are all added. Only the highest winning combination on each selected line is paid. The total amount won, in your currency, according to the paytable, is shown in the WINNINGS box. For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination multiplied by the coin value multiplied by the number of coins bet per line. Special Symbols and Features Wild The Wild symbol replaces any other symbols, except Royal Cash (Scatter) and Wild Multipliers. Wild Multipliers Wild Multiplier symbols appear only on reel 5 and only during normal spins. Free spins are paid with the multiplier that appeared on reel 5 when they were triggered. The Wild Multiplier symbols are: X2, X3, X5 and X10. Only one Wild Multiplier symbol can appear on reel 5 during a spin. That Wild Multiplier will multiply all winnings from that spin. Royal Cash (Scatter) During normal spins, Royal Cash symbols anywhere on consecutive reels, starting from the left, award a random number of free spins, as shown in the paytable. Winnings from free spins are paid with the multiplier that was present during the spin that triggered the free spins. Additional free spins can be won during free spins - the maximum number of free spin that can be won at a time is 100. During free spins, Royal Cash symbols anywhere on consecutive reels, starting from the left, award an additional number of free spins, as shown in the paytable. Winnings from free spins that were triggered during the initial free spins are paid with the same multiplier that was present during the spin that triggered the initial free spins. Note: During the free spins, you cannot change your bet. Autospin feature The loss limit setting allows stopping the autospin feature automatically when the selected limit plus your cumulative winnings minus your cumulative bets is less than 0. Note : The autoplay feature does not automatically start the free spins – player confirmation is required. Click the AUTO SPIN button to open the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window where you can set up the autospin feature. On the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window, you can set up the following: Loss limit - enter a number for the loss limit value or use the left and the right arrow buttons to select a number for the loss limit value Stop if WIN reaches - to enable this setting, click the button on its left side and then enter a number for the WIN value or use the left and the right arrow buttons to select a number for the WIN value; click the button on its left side again to disable it Stop if JACKPOT is won - (only for games with Progressive Jackpots or with a specific Jackpot value displayed) - to enable this setting, click the button on its left side; click the button on its left side again to disable it Number of AUTO SPINS to play - use the left and the right arrow buttons to select the number of autospins Click START to close the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window and start the autospin feature with the currently selected bet and number of autospins or click CANCEL to close the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window without starting the autospin feature. Click the STOP xx/yy button to stop the autospin feature at any time; xx represents the remaining number of autospins and yy represents the number of autospins to play that you selected on the AUTO SPINS SETTINGS window. Other game buttons The following buttons are available: i – click to open the paytable where you can view: information about the payout for the winning combinations, in coins information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts or specific awards the game lines and short game rules STOP – (available only while the reels are spinning) click this button to stop the reels faster SKIP – (available during winning animations) click this button to skip winning animations options window button – in the top-left corner of the game screen, click the wrench symbol to open the Options window where you can manage sound volumes; click SAVE to close the window and save any changes made or click CANCEL to close the window without saving mute/unmute button – in the top-left corner of the game screen, click this button to mute/unmute all game sounds rules button – in the top-left corner of the game screen, click the ? symbol to view detailed game rules in a new browser window history button – (in real mode only) in the top-left corner of the game screen, click the clock symbol to view the gameplay history full screen button – in the top-right corner of the game screen, click the button next to X to go to full screen mode; to exit full screen, click the button again or press ESC on your keyboard close button – in the top-right corner of the game screen, click X to close the game The theoretical return to player for this game is 95.22% The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 7/9/2020