Super Fast Hot Hot html 1. Overview The goal is to obtain a winning combination on a winning line spread across the reels. Game specifications : Type Slots Number of reels 5 Number of rows 3 Number of lines 25 Number of coins you can bet per line 1 to 10 Progressive Yes Double feature No Autospin feature Yes Wild symbols Yes Multiplier symbols Yes (Wild) Scatter symbols Yes Bonus round No Free s pins Yes (Scatter) Instant win No RTP Less than Max Bet: 94.30% Max Bet: 94.60% Jackpot Progressive The game disconnects if you do not take any actions for a specific number of consecutive minutes (this number varies depending on jurisdiction); the session recovery feature will save the game progress so that the next time the game is loaded, you can continue where you left off. In the event of technical difficulties resulting a dropped connection to the game server, the game you were playing is saved automatically and will load the next time you establish a connection to the game server. You will not be able to reconnect to the game server for the first 30 seconds after the disconnection. Note : In case of malfunction all pays and play are voided; any bet that was not yet accepted will be voided, any bet that was unsettled will be refunded. 2. How to Play Note: If you do not have enough money to play a game, the bet can be set to the minimum selectable amount through a dialog window informing about this. All winning lines pay from left to right. Wins on different selected lines are all added. Only the highest winning combination on each selected line is paid. Winnings from free spins are added to the total win. Note : On the info bar located under the main game buttons, you can view the current BET, your BALANCE and your current WINNINGS, in your currency. To play, follow these steps: Use the coin value select button to choose a coin value. The coin value select button is located in the bottom-left side of the main game screen and shows the currently selected coin value. Use the LINE BET button to choose the amount of coins you want to bet on each active line. Use the LINES button to choose the number of active lines. Note : The current bet amount, in your currency, is displayed in the BET box. Click SPIN to place the bet and spin the reels once. You can click the BET MAX button to place the maximum bet (maximum number of coins per line) for the currently selected coin value and spin the reels once. The total amount won, in your currency, according to the paytable, is shown in the WINNINGS box. For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination multiplied by the coin value and by the line bet. 3. Special Symbols and Features 3.1. Wild The Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except Scatter and Jackpot symbols; it will not award free spins if it substitutes for a Diamond symbol. 3.2. Super free spins Two or three diamond symbols on the first reel (not replaced by wild) will trigger 2 super free spins, where the first reel will be “locked”, and all the diamonds and wilds on the other reels. That means the first reel will not spin, all other diamonds and wilds will stay on their place for the next 2 spins, and so will the extra diamonds and wilds that may show up in the first free spin. During the 2 super free spins, the wilds will not multiply winning lines (as they do in normal free spins). In addition, during the super free spins, the 2 diamonds on the first reel will not trigger more super free spins. The super free spins can be triggered during a round of normal free spins: in this case, the 2 super free spins will follow immediately (the wilds and diamonds must freeze at this point), and only after that the normal free spins will continue. 3.3. Scatter Three or more scatter symbols appearing anywhere on the screen trigger 10 additional normal free spins where: 1 wild symbol in a winning line pays 2 times that winning line 2 wild symbols in a winning line pay 4 times that winning line 3 or more wild symbols in a winning line pay 8 times that winning line This does not apply to super free spins. Note : During the free spins, you are not allowed to change the coin value. During a spin, up to 12 free spins can be awarded (10 normal free spins and 2 super free spins). Super free spins can be awarded during normal free spins and normal free spins can be awarded during super free spins. The super free spins will always be first to be completed, then the normal free spins. Note : There is no limit to the amount of super free spins and normal free spins that can be awarded during any type of free spins. 3.4. Progressive Jackpot Only 5X Jackpot symbols at maximum coins and maximum lines qualify for the Progressive Jackpot winnings. Any other combination pays according to the Paytable. The Progressive Jackpot can be won during normal gameplay and during Free Spins. The Progressive Jackpot cannot be triggered during Super Free Spins. With every bet, the base progressive jackpot value (the progressive pool) is increased with 0.5% of that bet. Note : The base progressive value (progressive pool) is a value stored in Euros and it is associated to a coin value of 10 Euros (which may not be available for you to select in the game): 500,000.00 seed + any 0.5% increments from all bets. The Progressive Jackpot counters display the progressive jackpot value for the currently selected coin value. The displayed jackpot value is proportional to the selected coin value and is a portion of the progressive pool, calculated depending on the currently selected coin value. Note : The maximum available progressive is paid when playing with the maximum available coin value. Jackpot Seed examples (in your currency): Coin value 0.01 Jackpot Seed Value 500 Coin value 0.0 2 Jackpot Seed Value 1000 The Jackpot value is refreshed once every 3 seconds. Depending on the clients’ internet service provider as well as their hardware, server-to-client delays will vary from player to player and from message to message. Between two successive refreshes of the Progressive Jackpot counter, it is possible for two or more players to win the jackpot in close succession. In this case, the first player that wins the Jackpot is awarded the Progressive Jackpot amount in full, while the subsequent winner is awarded the minimum guaranteed Progressive Jackpot, as well as 0.5% of the bets placed between the two successive Jackpot wins. 4. Autospin feature The loss limit setting allows stopping the autospin feature automatically when the selected limit plus your cumulative winnings minus your cumulative bets is less than 0. Note : The autospin feature does not automatically start free spins – player input is required. Click the AUTO SPIN button to open the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window, where you can set up the autospin feature. On the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window, you can set up the following: Loss limit – enter a number for the loss limit value or use the left and the right arrow buttons to select a number for the loss limit value Stop if WIN reaches – to enable this setting, click the button on its left side and then enter a number for the WIN value or use the left and the right arrow buttons to select a number for the WIN value; click the button on its left side again to disable it Stop if JACKPOT is won - (only for games with Progressive Jackpots or with a specific Jackpot value displayed) - to enable this setting, click the button on its left side; click the button on its left side again to disable it Number of AUTO SPINS to play – use the left and the right arrow buttons to select the number of autospins Click START to close the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window and start the autospin feature with the currently selected bet and number of autospins or click CANCEL to close the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window without starting the autospin feature. Click the STOP xx/yy button to stop the autospin feature at any time; xx represents the remaining number of autospins and yy represents the number of autospins to play that you selected on the AUTO SPINS SETTINGS window. Note : The remaining number of autospins is displayed in the middle lower side of the screen. 5. Other game buttons The following buttons are available: i – click to open the paytable where you can view: information about the payout for the winning combinations, in coins information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payout or specific awards the game lines STOP – (available only while the reels are spinning) click this button to stop the reels faster SKIP – (available during winning animations) click this button to skip winning animations game options button - in the top right corner of the game screen, click the wrench symbol to open the game options window where you can move sliders to manage winning, game and background sounds or the general volume; click SAVE to close the options window and save any changes you make or click CANCEL to close the options window without saving sound button - in the top right corner of the screen, click the speaker symbol to toggle the game sound rules button – in the top right corner of the game screen, click the ? symbol to view detailed game rules in a new browser window history button – (in real mode only) in the top right corner of the game screen, click the clock symbol to view the gameplay history close button – in the top right corner of the game screen, click X to close the game full screen button – in the top right corner of the game screen, click the button next to X to go to full screen mode; to exit full screen, click the button again or press ESC on your keyboard BACK - when you are in the paytable, click BACK to return to the main game screen Last modification date: 11/3/2020