Super Fast Hot Hot Respin 1. Overview The goal is to obtain a winning combination on a winning line spread across the reels. Game specifications : Type Slots Number of reels 5 Number of rows 3 Number of lines 25 (fixed) Number of coins you can bet per line 1 (fixed) Progressive No Double feature No Autospin feature Yes Wild symbols Yes Multiplier symbols Yes (Wild) Scatter symbols Yes Bonus round No Free s pins Yes (Scatter) Instant win No RTP 95.39%, for normal spins 96.00% - for respins Jackpot 10 000 coins 2. How to Play Note: If you do not have enough money to play a game, the bet can be set to the minimum selectable amount through a dialog window informing about this. All winning lines pay from left to right. Wins on different selected lines are all added. Only the highest winning combination on each selected line is paid. Winnings from free spins are added to the total win. The autospin feature does not automatically start free spins – player input is required. On the info bar located at the bottom of the main game screen, you can view the current BET, your BALANCE and your current WIN, in your currency, and your current CREDIT, in coins. 2.1. Desktop version To play, follow these steps: Click and then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value. Note: The total bet, in your currency, is displayed above the currently selected coin value. Click to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won, in coins, according to the pay table, is shown in the Win popup. For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the pay table for that winning combination. The total amount won, in your currency, is shown on the info bar (WIN) and is the total amount you won in coins multiplied by the coin value. 2.2. Mobile version To play, follow these steps: Tap to open the settings screen. On the settings screen, tap then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value. Tap to return to the main screen. Note: The total bet, in your currency, is displayed above the currently selected coin value. Tap to spin the reels one time. The total amount won, in coins, according to the pay table, is shown in the Win popup. For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the pay table for that winning combination. The total amount won, in your currency, is shown on the info bar (WIN) and is the total amount you won in coins multiplied by the coin value. 3. Special Symbols and Features 3.1. Wild The Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except Scatter and Jackpot symbols; it will not award free spins if it substitutes for a Diamond symbol. 3.2. Super free spins Two or three diamond symbols on the first reel (not replaced by wild) will trigger 2 super free spins, where the first reel will be “locked”, and all the diamonds and wilds on the other reels. That means the first reel will not spin, all other diamonds and wilds will stay on their place for the next 2 spins, and so will the extra diamonds and wilds that may show up in the first free spin. During the 2 super free spins, the wilds will not multiply winning lines (as they do in normal free spins). In addition, during the super free spins, the 2 diamonds on the first reel will not trigger more super free spins. The super free spins can be triggered during a round of normal free spins: in this case, the 2 super free spins will follow immediately (the wilds and diamonds must freeze at this point), and only after that the normal free spins will continue. 3.3. Scatter Three or more scatter symbols appearing anywhere on the screen trigger 10 additional normal free spins where: 1 wild symbol in a winning line pays 2 times that winning line 2 wild symbols in a winning line pay 4 times that winning line 3 or more wild symbols in a winning line pay 8 times that winning line This does not apply to super free spins. Note : During the free spins, you are not allowed to change the coin value. During a spin, up to 12 free spins can be awarded (10 normal free spins and 2 super free spins). Super free spins can be awarded during normal free spins and normal free spins can be awarded during super free spins. The super free spins will always be first to be completed, then the normal free spins. Example 1 : During normal free spins, the 4 th spin triggers super free spins. The next two spins are super free spins, then the 6 remaining normal free spins are completed. Example 2 : During super free spins, the 1 st spin triggers 10 normal free spins. The next spin is a super free spin, then the 10 remaining free spins are completed. Note : There is no limit to the amount of super free spins and normal free spins that can be awarded during any type of free spins. 3.4. Reel Respin feature After a normal spin ends, you have the option to respin one of the five reels. To do this, at the bottom of the reel you want to respin, click or tap RESPIN . The cost of the respin, in your currency, is displayed under each reel and depends on the possibility of winnings resulting from the respin of the reel. Note : If your current balance does not cover the cost of a respin for a specific reel, this feature is not available for that reel. Only winning combinations involving the reel you chose to respin are awarded; if the same winning combination results after the respin of that reel, and involves the reel you chose to respin, then it is awarded. Example 1 : On the first three reels, on each reel, you have a K symbol. You respin reel number three and again you get a K symbol on that reel - this winning combination is awarded. Example 2 : On the first three reels, on each reel, you have a Q symbol and a K symbol (this means you have two winning combinations, one for the Q symbols and one for the K symbols). You respin reel number four and you get a Q symbol on that reel - you now have a new winning combination for the Q symbol which is awarded. The previous combination for the K symbol is not awarded. Example 3 : On the first four reels, on each reel, you have a Cherry symbol for a four-of-a-kind win. You respin reel five and do not get another Cherry symbol - the original four-of-a-kind win is not awarded again. After a normal spin, if you change the coin value, this feature will no longer be available (until after you spin the reels one more time). 5.1. Desktop version The following buttons are available: Click to open the pay table where you can view: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in coins; information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts or specific awards; the game lines and basic game rules. (available only while the reels are spinning) Click this button to stop the reels faster. (available during winning animations) Click this button to skip winning animations. In the bottom left side of the game screen, click this button to open the settings panel. In the bottom right side of the game screen, click this button to go to full screen mode; to exit full screen mode, click or press ESC on your keyboard. In the settings panel, click this button to toggle the game's sound. (in real mode only) In the settings panel, click this button to view the gameplay history in a new browser window. In the settings panel, click this button to close the game and open the home website, in the same browser window. RULES In the pay table, click this button to view detailed game rules in a new browser window. TURBO (available only for specific jurisdictions) On the SPIN settings window, move the On/Off switch adjacent to TURBO to ON to enable the turbo feature which speeds up the gameplay (spin time is reduced to a minimum); move to OFF to disable this feature. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 7/9/2020