Sheriff of Nottingham 1. Overview The goal is to obtain a winning combination on a winning line spread across the reels. Game Specifications : Tiype Slots Number of reels 5 Number of rows 3 Number of lines 25 (cannot be changed) Number of coins you can bet 25 (cannot be changed) Progressive No Double feature No Auto spin feature Yes Wild symbols Yes Multiplier Symbols No Scatter Symbols Yes Bonus Round Yes Free s pins Yes (Robin Riches) Instant Win No (RTP): 96,00% The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 or 10,000xBet - whichever is reached first (or currency equivalent. Other Operator limits may apply). The game disconnects if you do not take any actions for a specific number of consecutive minutes (this number varies depending on jurisdiction); the session recovery feature will save the game progress so that the next time the game is loaded, you can continue where you left off. In the event of technical difficulties resulting in a dropped connection to the game server, the game you were playing is saved automatically and will load the next time you establish a connection to the game server. You will not be able to reconnect to the game server for the first 30 seconds after the disconnection. Note : In case of malfunction all pays and play are voided; any bet that was not yet accepted will be voided, any bet that was unsettled will be refunded. 2. How To Play Note : If you do not have enough money to play a game, the bet can be set to the minimum selectable amount through a dialog window informing about this. All winning lines pay from left to right. Wins on different lines are all added. Only the highest winning combination on each line is paid. Winnings from free spins are added to the total win. The auto spin feature does not automatically start free spins - player input is required. On the info bar, you can view the current BET, your BALANCE and your current WIN, displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions) 2.1. Desktop Version To play, follow these steps: Click Select coin value button on the main screen, and then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value. Click Select coin value button to save the settings and return to the main screen. Note : The total BET is displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). Click to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won will be shown in the WIN field from the info bar, in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 2.2. Mobile Version To play, follow these steps: Tap on the main screen, then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value. Tap to save the settings and return to the main screen. Note: The total BET is displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won will be shown in the WIN field from the info bar, in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. To toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 3. Special Symbols and Features 3.1. Wild The Wild symbol replaces any other symbols, except the Bonus and Merry Men symbols, to form winning combinations. 3.2. Bonus symbol Landing a Bonus symbol on reels 1, 3 and 5 will trigger Robin Riches Free Spins. 3.3. Merry Men symbol Landing 5 or more Merry Men symbols on the reels will trigger Wanted Respins. 3.4. Robin Riches Free Spins Bonus symbols exist only on reels 1, 3 and 5 during normal spins. Landing all 3 in view will trigger Robin Riches Free Spins. 3.5. In Sync Reels During Robin Riches Free Spins up to 5 reels can spin in sync on any spin. Note: Robin Riches Free Spins can not be retriggered. 3.6. Wanted Respins 5 or more Merry Men symbols in view will trigger 3 Wanted Respins. This will turn them from Wanted into Caught. Every time a new Wanted character lands in view during Wanted Respins, the number of respins will reset to 3. A paytable is displayed during the feature displaying the minimum reward for each Wanted character. Wins are displayed in Wanted Posters in the selected currency/coin. When the Wanted Respins end, all characters bounties will be collected. If the Sheriff of Nottingham lands during Wanted Respins, the Sheriff will gather them up to create extra spaces to catch more outlaws. 3.7. Pick a Royal Letter On any spin, Robin Hood can trigger a random modifier. Pick 1 of 3 letters, picked from a possible 4 outcomes, to reveal the following: Wanted Spin– The Sheriff will land in view and pay the bounties of 3 or 4 Merry Men. Bonus Add– Bonus symbols are added to reels 1, 3 and 5 for an increased chance of triggering Free Spins. This modifier does not guarantee Free Spins. Sheriff Wilds– Super Stacked Wilds are added onto the reels to guarantee 2 or more stacked Wilds. Win Spin– Gold coins are added to the reels. Any in view will transform into the same random symbol (except Scatter symbol). 4. Auto spin feature The loss limit setting allows stopping the auto spin feature automatically when the selected limit, plus your cumulative winnings, and minus your cumulative bets, is less than 0. 4.1. Desktop version Click the AUTO SPIN button Auto spin button to open the AUTO SPIN settings window where you can set up the following: Number of auto spins: click + or - to select the number of auto spins to play. Loss limit: click + or - to select the value of the loss limit; Stop if a win reaches: click + or - to select the value of the maximum win; Stop if JACKPOT is won (only for games with Progressive Jackpots): to enable this setting, tick the checkbox; to disable it, remove the tick. Click the ACTIVATE Autospin button button to close the AUTO SPIN settings window and to start the auto spin feature with the currently selected bet and auto spin setup. Click the CLOSE Autospin button button to close the window without starting the auto spin feature. Click the STOP AUTO SPIN Autospin button button to stop the auto spin feature at any time. 4.2. Mobile version Tap the AUTO SPIN button Autospin button to open the AUTO SPIN settings window where you can set up the following: Number of auto spins: tap + or - to select the number of auto spins to play. Loss limit: tap + or - to select the value of the loss limit; Stop if a win reaches: tap + or - to select the value of the maximum win; Stop if JACKPOT is won (only for games with Progressive Jackpots): to enable this setting, tick the checkbox; to disable it, remove the tick. Tap the ACTIVATE Autospin button button to close the SPIN settings window and to start the auto spin feature with the currently selected bet and auto spin setup. Tap the CLOSE Autospin button button to close the window without starting the auto spin feature. Tap the STOP AUTO SPIN Autospin button button to stop the auto spin feature at any time. 5. Other game buttons 5.1. Desktop version The following buttons are available: Click this button to toggle the game sound on or off. Click this button to open the PAYOUTS tab, where you can view several screens: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in either credit or your real currency - to toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area. information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts, or specific awards; the game lines and basic game rules. To navigate among the various screens in the PAYOUTS tab, click on the left and right arrows at the bottom of the screen. RULES In the last of the screens from the PAYOUTS tab, click this button to view detailed game rules, in a new browser window. (in real mode only) This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen. Click on it to view the gameplay history, in a new browser window. This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen. Click on it to close the game and to open the home website, in the same browser window. (available while the reels are spinning) Click this button to stop the reels earlier. (available during winning animations) Click this button to skip the winning animations. (available only for specific jurisdictions) Click this button to activate Turbo mode. The Turbo mode speeds up the gameplay - the spin time is reduced to a minimum. 5.2. Mobile Version The Following buttons are available Tap this button to toggle the game sound on or off. Tap this button to open the PAYOUTS tab, where you can view several screens: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in either credit or your real currency - to toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area. information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts, or specific awards; the game lines and basic game rules. To navigate among the various screens in the PAYOUTS tab, tap on the left and right arrows at the bottom of the screen. RULES In the last of the screens from the PAYOUTS tab, tap this button to view detailed game rules, in a new browser window. (in real mode only) This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen. Tap on it to view the gameplay history in a new browser window.. This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen. Tap on it to close the game and to open the home website, in the same browser window. (available while the reels are spinning) Tap this button to stop the reels earlier. (available during winning animations) Tap this button to skip the winning animations. (available only for specific jurisdictions) Tap this button to activate Turbo mode. The Turbo mode speeds up the gameplay - the spin time is reduced to a minimum. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 7/9/2020