Spooky Family How to Play Note: If you do not have enough money to play a game, the bet can be set to the minimum selectable amount through a dialog window informing about this. All winning lines pay from left to right. Wins on different selected lines are all added. Only the highest winning combination on each selected line is paid. Winnings from Scatter and bonus rounds are added to the total win. Note : On the info bar located under the main game buttons, you can view the current BET, your BALANCE and your current WINNINGS, in your currency. To play, follow these steps: Use the coin value select button to choose a coin value. The coin value select button is located in the bottom-left side of the main game screen and shows the currently selected coin value. Use the COINS button to choose the amount of coins you want to bet on each active line. Use the LINES button to choose the number of active lines. Note : The current bet amount, in your currency, is displayed in the BET box. Click SPIN to place the bet and spin the reels once. You can click the BET MAX button to place the maximum bet (all lines active and maximum number of coins per line) for the currently selected coin value and spin the reels once. Click COLLECT to add your winnings to your balance or click DOUBLE OR QUIT to start the Double or Quit round. The total amount won, in your currency, according to the paytable, is shown in the WINNINGS box. For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination multiplied by the coin value multiplied by the number of coins bet per line. Double feature To start the Double or Quit round, after a win, click the DOUBLE OR QUIT button. During the Double or Quit round you have a chance to double the amount you have just won. To double your current winnings, you must guess if the middle card is Red or Black. You can double a maximum of five times per Double or Quit round. If you guess correctly, the amount wagered is doubled. After a correct guess, click COLLECT to end the Double or Quit round and collect your winnings. If you guess incorrectly, the amount wagered is lost and the Double or Quit round ends. Note : You can click COLLECT right after you start the Double or Quit round and forfeit doubling you winnings. The bottom strip shows the previous cards; the latest card is the first card on the left of the strip. The Double feature is not available for winnings from the Bonus round. You cannot start the Double or Quit round while the autospin feature is active. However, if you stop the autospin feature right after a win and before the winnings are added to your balance, you can start the Double or Quit round and have a chance to double those last winnings. Special Symbols and Features Wild The Wild symbol replaces any other symbols except Scatter and Bonus. When a Wild symbol appears anywhere on the reels and it is not part of a winning combination, it will move on another random position and the old location becomes Wild. Only one Wild symbol can be part of a winning combination. Scatter Scatters pay anywhere on the reels, once per spin, and the winnings are multiplied with the total bet. Scatter winnings are shown in the paytable. Bonus Three to five Bonus symbols anywhere on the screen trigger the Bonus Round. Spin the wheel to feed the family pet and win a random amount of cash (a random number of coins, between 5 and 2500, multiplied by the total bet) – the amount won is added to the total win, in your currency. Random Bonus At random, after a spin, even if there is no winning combination, there is the possibility for you to win a number of coins, between 5 and 100, multiplied by the total bet. The win is added to the total win. Autospin feature The loss limit setting allows stopping the autospin feature automatically when the selected limit plus your cumulative winnings minus your cumulative bets is less than 0. Click the AUTO SPIN button to open the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window where you can set up the autospin feature. On the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window, you can set up the following: Loss limit - enter a number for the loss limit value or use the left and the right arrow buttons to select a number for the loss limit value Stop if WIN reaches - to enable this setting, click the button on its left side and then enter a number for the WIN value or use the left and the right arrow buttons to select a number for the WIN value; click the button on its left side again to disable it Stop if JACKPOT is won - (only for games with Progressive Jackpots or with a specific Jackpot value displayed) - to enable this setting, click the button on its left side; click the button on its left side again to disable it Number of AUTO SPINS to play - use the left and the right arrow buttons to select the number of autospins Click START to close the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window and start the autospin feature with the currently selected bet and number of autospins or click CANCEL to close the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window without starting the autospin feature. Click the STOP xx/yy button to stop the autospin feature at any time; xx represents the remaining number of autospins and yy represents the number of autospins to play that you selected on the AUTO SPINS SETTINGS window. Other game buttons The following buttons are available: i – click to open the paytable where you can view: information about the payout for the winning combinations, in coins information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts or specific awards the game lines and short game rules STOP – (available only while the reels are spinning) click this button to stop the reels faster SKIP – (available during winning animations) click this button to skip winning animations settings window button – in the top-right corner of the main game screen, click the settings button (gear symbol) to open the Settings window where you can manage sound volumes, view gameplay history or view detailed game rules Note : To close the Settings window you can click anywhere on the main game screen, or, in the top-left corner of the Settings window, click the return button. sound button – in the Settings window, click SOUND to open the sounds and volume panel where you can use sliders to manage Winning, Game and Background sounds or the general Volume; click SAVE to save any changes you make Note : To quickly mute or unmute all game sounds, in the Settings window, click the button displayed on the right side of SOUND. rules button – in the Settings window, click RULES to view detailed game rules in a new browser window history button – (in real mode only) in the Settings window, click HISTORY to view the gameplay history full screen button – in the Settings window, click FULLSCREEN to go to full screen mode; to exit full screen, click the button again or press ESC on your keyboard Last modification date: 5/25/2017