Super 5 Stars Playing Rules Super 5 Stars is a slot machine with 5 reels and 3 rows, which has 30 lines and a free spins phase. The PLAY button makes the spin with 30 lines and the total selected bet (alternatively you can also press the space bar). By pressing AUTOSPIN you will automatically play with the selected number of spins. If a line can give more than one prize, that line will be awarded with the combination that produces the highest multiplier. The winning combinations and payments will be decided according to the PRIZE TABLE. Calculations of winnings are based on combinations of consecutive symbols from left to right. There are two Scatter symbols: the golden Super 5 Stars and the silver one. As they are Scatter symbols, the prize received depends on the total amount of appearances of the symbol on the spin, without the need for them to be on a prize line. These prizes are given as a multiplier of the total cost of the spin. The Wild symbol can replace any other symbol except the Bonus and Scatters. The Bonus symbols appear on the central reels. They also offers a prize equal to the cost of the spin, without the need for the symbols to be on a winning line. FREE SPIN PHASE Three or more Bonus symbols provide a free spins phase. The amount of free spins as well as the multiplier for all of the prizes during this phase is determined by the result of the previous mini game. During this phase, all of the prizes obtained are multiplied by the multiplier obtained in the mini game. During this phase, three Bonus symbols give the same amount of additional spins obtained in the mini game that activated the phase, up to a maximum of 50 free spins in total. The free spin phase is played with special reels, without a golden Scatter. The free spin phase is played at the same betting level as the spin that activated the phase. Buttons Button Function Click to spin with the selected bet value (alternatively you can click on the space bar). Click to begin the game automatically. Select the number of automatic spins. Use the bet selector to change the total bet value. Click to see the PAY TABLE. Click to open the playing rules. Click to activate or deactivate the game sounds. Bet Range Min Bet : €0.30 Max Bet : €45 RETURN TO PLAYER The expected user return (RTP) is approximately 95.4%. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION The following functions and game adjustments are subject to the terms and conditions of the operator's website: The procedure used to manage non-finalised spins. The time after which inactive playing sessions end. If a technical error occurs in the game hardware/software, all of the bets and payments made will be cancelled. For further information, check out the operator's website. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 7/9/2020