Super 7 Stars Playing Rules Super 7 Stars is a slot machine with 5 reels and 3 rows, which has 30 lines and a free spins feature. The SPIN button makes the spin with 30 lines and the total selected bet (alternatively you can also press the space bar). By pressing AUTOSPIN you will automatically play with the selected number of spins. If a line pays more than one win, the win with the highest win is paid. The winning combinations and payments will be decided according to the PAY TABLE. Calculations of winnings are based on combinations of consecutive symbols from left to right. There are two Scatter symbols: the golden Super 5 Stars and the silver one. As they are Scatter symbols, the win received depends on the total amount of appearances of the symbol on the spin, without the need for them to be on a win line. These wins are given as a multiplier of the total cost of the spin. The Wild symbol can replace any other symbol except the Bonus symbol, Wheel Symbol and Scatter symbols. The Super 7 symbol only appears on the central reel. When this symbol appears in a spin, it will expand to occupy the entire reel, and make all of the symbols on the central reel act as Wilds (replacing any other symbol except Bonus symbol, Wheel symbol and Scatter symbols). Also, an extra spin will be awarded, maintaining the central reel as Wilds. The Wheel symbols appear on reels 1, 3 and 5. Three Wheel symbols provide a turn of the wheel. The Bonus symbols appear on the central reels. They also offer a win equal to the cost of the spin, without the need for them to be on a winning line. WHEEL FEATURE Three Wheel symbols provide a spin on the wheel. The win obtained on the wheel multiplies the value of the cost of the line that activated the feature. FREE SPINS BONUS FEATURE Three or more Bonus symbols provide a free spins feature. The amount of free spins as well as multiplier for all of the wins during this feature is determined by the result of the previous mini game. During this feature, all of the wins obtained are multiplied by the multiplier obtained in the mini game. During this feature, three Bonus symbols give the same amount of additional spins obtained in the mini game that activated the current feature, up to a maximum of 50 free spins in total. The "Free Spins Bonus Feature" is played with special reels, without a golden Scatter or Wheel symbols. The "Free Spins Bonus Feature" is played at the same betting level as the spin that activated the feature. Buttons Button Function Click to spin with the selected bet value. Click to begin the game automatically. Select the number of automatic spins. Use the bet selector to change the total bet value. Click to see the PAY TABLE. Click to open the playing rules. Click to activate or deactivate the game sounds. FREE ROUND BONUS FRBs (Free Round Bonus) are rounds that you can enjoy completely for free. The value of the bet cannot be changed and the rules of the rounds are the same as the normal playing mode. If you have FRBs you will be notified when the game loads and a notification window will also be shown when the FRBs run out in order to notify you that the next round will cost the established bet amount. FRBs WINDOWS FUNCTION Window with notification of available FRBs. Window to notify end of FRBs. Bet Range Min Bet : €0.30 Max Bet : €45 RETURN TO PLAYER The expected user return (RTP) is 95.9%. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Incomplete games will be automatically resolved. Any winnings from automatically resolved games shall be paid upon next conection to the game. Replay funcionality can be used to review completion of the game. All winnings remaining to be paid from incomple games shall be discarded after 24 months of the initial incomplete game. If a technical error occurs in the game hardware/software, all of the bets and payments made will be cancelled. For further information, check out the operator's website. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 7/9/2020