Super Lucky Reels 1. Overview The goal is to obtain a winning combination on a winning line spread across the reels. Game specifications : Type Slots Number of reels 3+2 (two additional reels) Number of rows 3 Number of lines 5 Number of coins you can bet per line 1 to 15 Progressive Yes Double feature No Autospin feature Yes Wild symbols No Multiplier symbols Yes (2X, 5X, 10X) Scatter symbols No Bonus round No Free s pins Yes (Respin symbol) Instant win 50, 150, 750, 1000 Coins RTP 95.05% - 95.55% Jackpot Progressive The game disconnects if you do not take any actions for a specific number of consecutive minutes (this number varies depending on jurisdiction); the session recovery feature will save the game progress so that the next time the game is loaded, you can continue where you left off. In the event of technical difficulties resulting a dropped connection to the game server, the game you were playing is saved automatically and will load the next time you establish a connection to the game server. You will not be able to reconnect to the game server for the first 30 seconds after the disconnection. Note : In case of malfunction all pays and play are voided; any bet that was not yet accepted will be voided, any bet that was unsettled will be refunded. 2. How to Play Note: If you do not have enough money to play a game, the bet can be set to the minimum selectable amount through a dialog window informing about this. All winning lines pay from left to right. Wins on different selected lines are all added. Only the highest winning combination on each selected line is paid. Winnings from free spins are added to the total win. 2.1. Flash version Note : On the info bar located under the main game buttons, you can view the current BET , your BALANCE and your current WINNINGS , in your currency. To play, follow these steps: Use the coin value select button to choose a coin value. The coin value select button is located in the bottom-left side of the main game screen and shows the currently selected coin value. Use the LINE BET button to choose the amount of coins you want to bet on each active line. Note : The current bet amount, in your currency, is displayed in the BET box. Click SPIN to place the bet and spin the reels once. You can click the BET MAX button to place the maximum bet (maximum number of coins per line) for the currently selected coin value and spin the reels once. The total amount won, in your currency, according to the paytable, is shown in the WINNINGS box. For each winning combination, the amount won is as follows: when betting 1 - 9 coins, the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination, multiplied by the number of coins bet per line and by the coin value when betting 10 coins, the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination, multiplied by the coin value only; this includes wins from the Instant Win reel when betting 15 coins, the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination from the first three reels and the win from Instant Win reel, multiplied by the coin value and by any multiplier appearing in the correct position on the fifth reel 3. Special Symbols and Features 3.1. The Respin symbol The Respin symbol can only appear on the Multiplier Reel - in the middle of the right most fifth reel. When playing 15 coins per line, if the Respin symbol appears on an active winning line, on the fifth reel (right most), three to seven free games are awarded. During free games, if the Respin symbol appears on the middle position of the fifth reel on an active winning line, then three to seven free games are awarded. These additional free games are added to the current free spins left counter and played continuously until all free spins are completed. There is no limit to how many free spins that can be won during free spins. Note: During the free spins, the amount bet remains the same as the spin that awarded the free spins. The coin value cannot be changed during free spins. 3.2. Instant Win Reel winnings When playing 10 or more coins per line, the Instant Win Reel is activated. The additional win on the Instant win reel will be awarded, when betting on 10 or more coins and only if an instant win appears on a winning payline on the 4th reel. The additional winnings that can be won are 50, 150, 750, 1000 coins. Note: If the Instant Win symbol appears on more than one winning line, the additional Instant Win winnings are awarded only once. 3.3. Multiplier Reel When playing 15 coins per line, the Multiplier Reel (fifth reel on the right) is activated. When playing 15 coins per line, if the Respin symbol appears on an active winning line, on the fifth reel (right most), three to seven free games are awarded. 3.4. Progressive Jackpot Note: You cannot win the Progressive Jackpot during free spins. When betting on maximum number of coins, only the combination of 3 Super Lucky Reels symbols, Instant Win with 1000 on the 4th reel and '10X' Multiplier in the 5th Reel on a winning line qualifies for the Progressive Jackpot winnings. If the Progressive Jackpot is won in a spin, then the Progressive Jackpot amount and any other type of bets pay according to the Paytable; the normal payline win for the Super Lucky Reels symbol combination will not be paid. With every bet, the base progressive jackpot value (the progressive pool) is increased with 0.5% of that bet. Note: The base progressive value (progressive pool) is a value stored in Euros and it is associated to a coin value of 10 Euros (which may not be available for you to select in the game): 500,000.00 seed + any 0.5% increments from all bets. The Progressive Jackpot counters display the progressive jackpot value for the currently selected coin value. The displayed jackpot value is proportional to the selected coin value and is a portion of the progressive pool, calculated depending on the currently selected coin value. Note : The maximum available progressive is paid when playing with the maximum available coin value. The Jackpot value is refreshed once every 3 seconds. Depending on the clients’ internet service provider as well as their hardware, server-to-client delays will vary from player to player and from message to message. Between two successive refreshes of the Progressive Jackpot counter, it is possible for two or more players to win the jackpot in close succession. In this case, the first player that wins the Jackpot is awarded the Progressive Jackpot amount in full, while the subsequent winner is awarded the minimum guaranteed Progressive Jackpot, as well as 0.5% of the bets placed between the two successive Jackpot wins. 4. Autospin feature The loss limit setting allows stopping the autospin feature automatically when the selected limit plus your cumulative winnings minus your cumulative bets is less than 0. Note : The autospin feature does not automatically start free spins in mobile version – player input is required. 4.1. Flash version Click the AUTO SPIN button to open the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window, where you can set up the autospin feature. On the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window, you can set up the following: Loss limit – enter a number for the loss limit value or use the left and the right arrow buttons to select a number for the loss limit value Stop if WIN reaches – to enable this setting, click the button on its left side and then enter a number for the WIN value or use the left and the right arrow buttons to select a number for the WIN value; click the button on its left side again to disable it Stop if JACKPOT is won - (only for games with Progressive Jackpots or with a specific Jackpot value displayed) - to enable this setting, click the button on its left side; click the button on its left side again to disable it Number of AUTO SPINS to play – use the left and the right arrow buttons to select the number of autospins Click START to close the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window and start the autospin feature with the currently selected bet and number of autospins or click CANCEL to close the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window without starting the autospin feature. Click the STOP xx/yy button to stop the autospin feature at any time; xx represents the remaining number of autospins and yy represents the number of autospins to play that you selected on the AUTO SPINS SETTINGS window. 5. Other game buttons 5.1. Flash version The following buttons are available: i – click to open the paytable where you can view: information about the payout for the winning combinations, in coins information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payout or specific awards STOP – (available only while the reels are spinning) click this button to stop the reels faster SKIP – (available during winning animations) click this button to skip winning animations game options button - in the top left corner of the game screen, click the wrench symbol to open the game options window where you can move sliders to manage winning, game and background sounds or the general volume; click SAVE to close the options window and save any changes you make or click CANCEL to close the options window without saving sound button - in the top left corner of the screen, click the speaker symbol to toggle the game sound rules button – in the top left corner of the game screen, click the ? symbol to view detailed game rules in a new browser window history button – (in real mode only) in the top left corner of the game screen, click the clock symbol to view the gameplay history close button – in the top right corner of the game screen, click X to close the game full screen button – in the top right corner of the game screen, click the button next to X to go to full screen mode; to exit full screen, click the button again or press ESC on your keyboard BACK - when you are in the paytable, click BACK to return to the main game screen Last modification date: 3/30/2017