Shaolin Spin 1. Overview The goal is to obtain a winning combination on at least one of 243 ways spread across the reels. Game specifications: Type Slots Number of reels 5 Number of rows 3 Number of ways 243 Number of coins 25 Progressive No Double feature No Autospin feature Yes Wild symbols Yes Multiplier symbols No Scatter symbols Yes Bonus round No Free spins Yes Instant win No RTP 97.15% Jackpot 2500 coins per way, at max bet, during normal spins The game disconnects if you do not take any actions for a specific number of consecutive minutes (this number varies depending on jurisdiction); the session recovery feature will save the game progress so that the next time the game is loaded, you can continue where you left off. In the event of technical difficulties resulting a dropped connection to the game server, the game you were playing is saved automatically and will load the next time you establish a connection to the game server. You will not be able to reconnect to the game server for the first 30 seconds after the disconnection. Note : In case of malfunction all pays and play are voided; any bet that was not yet accepted will be voided, any bet that was unsettled will be refunded. 2. How to Play Note: If you do not have enough money to play a game, the bet can be set to the minimum selectable amount through a dialog window informing about this. All winning ways pay from left to right. Winnings on different ways are all added. The winnings from Free Spins are added to the total balance. Only the highest winning combination on each way is paid. Note: The number of adjacent winning symbols (ways) is calculated by multiplying the number of winning symbols on each reel. For example, if there is 1 winning symbol on reel 1, 1 winning symbol on reel 2 and 2 winning symbols on reel 3, then the number of adjacent winning symbols is 1 x 1 x 2 = 2. In this case, the number of reels involved in the win is 3 – in the paytable, you can view the gain for 3 reels for the winning symbol. 2.1. Flash version Note : On the info bar located under the main game buttons, you can view the current BET, your BALANCE and your current WINNINGS, in your currency. To play, follow these steps: Use the coin value select button to choose a coin value. The coin value select button is located in the bottom-right side of the main game screen and shows the currently selected coin value. Click one of the BET buttons to place a bet and spin the reels one time or you can use the left and right arrows on your keyboard to select a BET and then click SPIN . To place the same bet again and spin the reels one more time, click SPIN . Note: BET 1 places a bet of 1x coins, BET 2 places a bet of 2x coins, BET 3 places a bet of 3x coins, BET 4 places a bet of 4x coins and BET 5 places a bet of 5x coins. Your bet will be: the coin bet (BET 1, 2, 3, 4 or 5) times 25 coins times coin value . The total bet, in your currency, is displayed on each of the BET buttons. The total amount won, in your currency, according to the paytable, is shown in the WINNINGS box. For each winning combination, the amount won is the number of adjacent winning symbols multiplied by the amount shown in the paytable for the number of reels involved in the win. 3. Special Symbols and Features 3.1. Wild The Wild symbol replaces any other symbol except Scatter. Each Wild symbol on the screen will expand (if winning combinations can be formed by expanding) over the adjacent left and right symbols and over the adjacent top and bottom symbols; the symbols over which the Wild expands become wild. Note : If the Wild appears on the top row of the reels, it will expand only over the adjacent bottom symbol and over the adjacent left and right symbols. If the Wild appears on the bottom row of the reels, it will expand only over the adjacent top symbol and over the adjacent left and right symbols. A Wild symbol does not expand if, by expanding, it will cover a Scatter symbol – it will however expand over other adjacent symbols, except the Scatter symbol. Wild symbols appear only on reels 3, 4 and 5, during normal spins and during free spins. Note : A Wild symbol that appears on reel 3 can expand over symbols on reel 2 and therefore a Wild symbol may also appear on reel 2. 3.2. Scatter Three or more Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels pay according to the paytable. All free spins awarded by Scatter symbols will pay the winnings at 3X. Scatter winnings during free spins are also multiplied by 3. During free spins, other free spins can be triggered; there is no limit to how many times free spins are re-triggered. The winnings from Scatter (4X, 6X, 10X the amount bet) are added to the total Free spins winnings. During free spins, the amount bet remains the same as the bet on the spin that has triggered the free spins and cannot be changed. 4. Autospin feature The loss limit setting allows stopping the autospin feature automatically when the selected limit plus your cumulative winnings minus your cumulative bets is less than 0. Note : The autospin feature does not automatically start free spins – player input is required. 4.1. Flash version Click the AUTO SPIN button to open the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window where you can set up the autospin feature. On the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window, you can set up the following: Loss limit - enter a number for the loss limit value or use the left and the right arrow buttons to select a number for the loss limit value Stop if WIN reaches - to enable this setting, click the button on its left side and then enter a number for the WIN value or use the left and the right arrow buttons to select a number for the WIN value; click the button on its left side again to disable it Stop if JACKPOT is won - (only for games with Progressive Jackpots or with a specific Jackpot value displayed) - to enable this setting, click the button on its left side; click the button on its left side again to disable it Number of AUTO SPINS to play - use the left and the right arrow buttons to select the number of autospins Click START to close the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window and start the autospin feature with the currently selected bet and number of autospins or click CANCEL to close the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window without starting the autospin feature. Click the STOP xx/yy button to stop the autospin feature at any time; xx represents the remaining number of autospins and yy represents the number of autospins to play that you selected on the AUTO SPINS SETTINGS window. 5. Other game buttons 5.1. Flash version The following buttons are available: PAYTABLE – click to open the paytable where you can view: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in your currency information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts or specific awards the available keyboard shortcuts and short game rules STOP – (available only while the reels are spinning) click this button to stop the reels faster SKIP – (available during winning animations) click this button to skip winning animations settings window button – in the top-right corner of the main game screen, click the settings button (cog symbol) to open the Settings window where you can toggle fullscreen mode, manage sound volumes, view gameplay history or view detailed game rules Note : To close the Settings window you can click anywhere on the main game screen, or, in the top-left corner of the Settings window, click the return button. sound button – in the Settings window, click SOUND to open the sounds and volume panel where you can use sliders to manage Winning, Game and Background sounds or the general Volume; click SAVE to save any changes you make Note : To quickly mute or unmute all game sounds, in the Settings window, click the button displayed on the right side of SOUND. rules button – in the Settings window, click RULES to view detailed game rules in a new browser window history button – (in real mode only) in the Settings window, click HISTORY to view the gameplay history full screen button – in the Settings window, click FULLSCREEN to go to full screen mode; to exit full screen, click the button again or press ESC on your keyboard BACK – when you are in the paytable, click BACK to return to the main game screen Last modification date: 3/30/2017