Slammin7s 1. Overview The goal is to obtain a winning combination on at least one of 27 ways spread across the columns. Game specifications: Type Slots Number of columns 5 Number of rows N/A Number of ways 27 Number of coins 50 Progressive No Double feature No Autospin feature Yes Wild symbols No Multiplier symbols Yes (X2, X5, X10) Scatter symbols No Bonus round No Free spins Yes (free respins) Instant win Yes (+25, +50, +100, +500) RTP 96.63% Jackpot 25 000 coins during normal play 50 000 coins during respins The game disconnects if you do not take any actions for a specific number of consecutive minutes (this number varies depending on jurisdiction); the session recovery feature will save the game progress so that the next time the game is loaded, you can continue where you left off. In the event of technical difficulties resulting a dropped connection to the game server, the game you were playing is saved automatically and will load the next time you establish a connection to the game server. You will not be able to reconnect to the game server for the first 30 seconds after the disconnection. Note : In case of malfunction all pays and play are voided; any bet that was not yet accepted will be voided, any bet that was unsettled will be refunded. 2. How to Play Note: If you do not have enough money to play a game, the bet can be set to the minimum selectable amount through a dialog window informing about this. All winning ways pay from left to right. Winnings on different ways are all added. The winnings from respins are added to the total balance. Note: The number of matching winning symbols (ways) is calculated by multiplying the number of winning symbols on each column. For example, if there is 1 winning symbol on column 1, 1 winning symbol on column 2 and 2 winning symbols on column 3, then the number of matching winning symbols is 1 x 1 x 2 = 2. In this case, the number of columns involved in the win is 3 – in the paytable, you can view the gain for 3 columns for the winning symbol. On the info bar located under the main game screen, you can view the current Bet, your Balance and your current Win, in your currency, and your current Credit, in coins. 2.1. Flash version To play, follow these steps: Use the coin value select buttons to choose a coin value. The coin value select buttons are located on the main game screen under the COIN VALUE box that shows the currently selected coin value. Note: The current bet amount, in coins, is displayed in the BET box. Click SPIN to place the bet and spin the symbols once. The total amount won, in coins, according to the paytable, is shown in the WIN box. For each winning combination, the amount won is the number of matching winning symbols multiplied by the amount shown in the paytable for the number of columns involved in the win. Any additive values won are added to the total win and any multipliers won are applied to the total winnings. The total amount won, in your currency, is shown on the info bar ( WIN ) and is the total amount you won in coins multiplied by the coin value. 3. Special Symbols and Features 3.1. Additive symbols Additive symbols can appear only on column 4. When an additive symbol appears in the middle of column 4 and there is at least one winning way on the first three columns, then the additive value, in coins, is added once to the total winnings. 3.2. Multipliers symbols Multiplier symbols can appear only on column 5. When a multiplier symbol appears in the middle of column 5 and there is at least one winning way on the first three columns, then the multiplier is applied once to the total winnings (which may also include an additive value). 3.3. Free respins When the Respin symbol appears in the middle of column 5 and there is at least one winning way on the first three columns, you win between 1 and 5 free respins, at random. The Respin symbol can appear only on column 5. During respins, all winnings are multiplied by two. More respins can be won during respins. Note : You cannot change the coin value during respins. 3.4. Fixed Jackpot At least one Slammin' 7s symbol on each of the first three columns (1 way), with the +500 additive symbol in the middle of column 4 and the x10 multiplier symbol in the middle of column 5, award the 25 000 coins fixed Jackpot (this means 50 000 coins during respins). Other winning combinations that appear on the columns at the same time with the combination that awards the Jackpot are also paid. Note : The Jackpot is paid only once, no matter how many combinations that award the Jackpot appear on the columns. 4. Autospin feature The loss limit setting allows stopping the autospin feature automatically when the selected limit plus your cumulative winnings minus your cumulative bets is less than 0. 4.1. Flash version Click the AUTO SPIN button, to open the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window where you can set up the autospin feature. On the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window, you can set up the following: Loss limit – enter a number for the loss limit value or use the left and the right arrow buttons to select a number for the loss limit value Stop if WIN reaches – to enable this setting, click the button on its left side and then enter a number for the WIN value or use the left and the right arrow buttons to select a number for the WIN value; click the button on its left side again to disable it Stop if JACKPOT is won - (only for games with Progressive Jackpots or with a specific Jackpot value displayed) - to enable this setting, click the button on its left side; click the button on its left side again to disable it Number of AUTO SPINS to play – use the left and the right arrow buttons to select the number of autospins Click START to close the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window and start the autospin feature with the currently selected bet and number of autospins or click CANCEL to close the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window without starting the autospin feature. Click the STOP AUTOSPIN button, to stop the autospin feature at any time. 5. Other game buttons 5.1. Flash version The following buttons are available: i / PAYTABLE – click to open the paytable where you can view: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in coins information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts or specific awards short game rules settings window button – in the top-right corner of the main game screen, click the settings button (list symbol) to open the Settings window where you can manage sound volumes, view gameplay history or view detailed game rules Note : To close the Settings window you can click anywhere on the main game screen, or, in the top-right corner of the Settings window, click the return button. sound button - in the Settings window, click SOUND to open the sounds and volume panel where you can use sliders to manage the volume for Effects, Music and General Note : To quickly mute or unmute all game sounds, in the Settings window, click the button displayed on the right side of SOUND. rules button – in the Settings window, click RULES to view detailed game rules in a new browser window history button – (in real mode only) in the Settings window, click HISTORY to view the gameplay history full screen button – click the button in the top-left corner of the main game screen to go to full screen mode; to exit full screen, click the button again or press ESC on your keyboard BACK – when you are in the paytable, click BACK to return to the main game screen. Last modification date: 4/5/2017