Scrolls of Ra HD 1. Overview The goal is to obtain a winning combination on a winning line spread across the reels. Game specifications: Type Slots Number of reels 5 Number of rows 3 Number of lines 20 Number of coins you can bet per line 1 to 5 Progressive No Double feature No Autospin feature Yes Wild symbols Yes Multiplier symbols No Scatter symbols Yes Bonus round Yes Free s pins Yes Instant win No RTP 95.71% at max bet Jackpot 100,000 coins, from RA bonus round The game disconnects if you do not take any actions for a specific number of consecutive minutes (this number varies depending on jurisdiction); the session recovery feature will save the game progress so that the next time the game is loaded, you can continue where you left off. In the event of technical difficulties resulting a dropped connection to the game server, the game you were playing is saved automatically and will load the next time you establish a connection to the game server. You will not be able to reconnect to the game server for the first 30 seconds after the disconnection. Note: In case of malfunction all pays and play are voided; any bet that was not yet accepted will be voided, any bet that was unsettled will be refunded. 2. How to Play Note: If you do not have enough money to play a game, the bet can be set to the minimum selectable amount through a dialog window informing about this. All winning lines pay from left to right. Wins on different selected lines are all added. Only the highest winning combination on each selected line is paid. Winnings from Scatter and bonus rounds are added to the total win. 2.1. Flash version Note: On the info bar located under the main game buttons, you can view the current BET, your BALANCE and your current WIN, in your currency, and your current CREDIT, in coins. To play, follow these steps: Use the coin value select button to choose a coin value. The coin value select button is located in the bottom-left side of the main game screen and shows the currently selected coin value. Use the LINE BET button to choose the amount of coins you want to bet on each active line. Use the LINES button to choose the number of active lines. Note : The current bet amount, in coins, is displayed in the BET box. Click SPIN to place the bet and spin the reels once. You can click the BET MAX button to place the maximum bet (all lines active and maximum number of coins per line) for the currently selected coin value and spin the reels once. The total amount won, in coins, according to the paytable, is shown in the WIN box. For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination multiplied by the coin value. 3. Special Symbols and Features 3.1. Wild The Wild symbol replaces any other symbol, except Scatter and Bonus . It can only appear on reels 2, 3 or 4, and there can be only one Wild symbol per winning combination. If the Wild symbol appears in the middle row of reels 2, 3 or 4, it expands on the whole reel and awards 5 free spins. The expanded Wild remains in place until the free spins end. Note : Additional free spins cannot be won during free spins - Wild symbols do not appear anywhere on the reels during free spins. 3.2. Scatter Scatters pay anywhere on the reels: 2 Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels, pay 2 x the total line bet 2 Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels, pay 2 x the total line bet 4 Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels, pay 10 x the total line bet 5 Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels, pay 25 x the total line bet 3.3. RA Bonus 3, 4 or 5 RA Bonus symbols anywhere on the reels trigger the RA Bonus round. During the RA Bonus round, you have to choose three boxes. For each box you choose, you win a random amount of coins - the total amount you win is multiplied by the coin value and is added to the total winnings. 3.4. Scrolls Bonus When a Scrolls Bonus symbol appears, at the same time, anywhere on reels 1, 3 and 5, the Scrolls Bonus round starts. During the Scrolls Bonus round, you have to choose one of the three available scrolls to win a random number of coins - the amount you win is multiplied by the coin value and is added to the total winnings. 4. Autospin feature The loss limit setting allows stopping the autospin feature automatically when the selected limit plus your cumulative winnings minus your cumulative bets is less than 0. Note : The autospin feature does not automatically start free spins - player input is required. 4.1. Flash version Click the AUTO SPIN button to open the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window where you can set up the autospin feature. On the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window, you can set up the following: Loss limit - enter a number for the loss limit value or use the left and the right arrow buttons to select a number for the loss limit value Stop if WIN reaches - to enable this setting, click the button on its left side and then enter a number for the WIN value or use the left and the right arrow buttons to select a number for the WIN value; click the button on its left side again to disable it Stop if JACKPOT is won - (only for games with Progressive Jackpots or with a specific Jackpot value displayed) - to enable this setting, click the button on its left side; click the button on its left side again to disable it Number of AUTO SPINS to play - use the left and the right arrow buttons to select the number of autospins Click START to close the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window and start the autospin feature with the currently selected bet and number of autospins or click CANCEL to close the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window without starting the autospin feature. Click the STOP xx/yy button to stop the autospin feature at any time; xx represents the remaining number of autospins and yy represents the number of autospins to play that you selected on the AUTO SPINS SETTINGS window. 5. Other game buttons 5.1. Flash version The following buttons are available: PAYTABLE - click to open the paytable where you can view: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in coins information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts or specific awards the game lines and short game rules STOP - (available only while the reels are spinning) click this button to stop the reels faster SKIP - (available during winning animations) click this button to skip winning animations settings window button - in the top-right corner of the main game screen, click the settings button to open the Settings window where you can manage sound volumes, view gameplay history or view detailed game rules Note : To close the Settings window you can click anywhere on the main game screen, or, in the top-right corner of the Settings window, click the return button. sound button - in the Settings window, click SOUND to open the sounds and volume panel where you can use sliders to manage Effects, Music and General volumes Note : To quickly mute or unmute all game sounds, in the Settings window, click the button displayed on the right side of SOUND. rules button - in the Settings window, click RULES to view detailed game rules in a new browser window history button - (in real mode only) in the Settings window, click HISTORY to view the gameplay history full screen button - in the top-left corner of the main game screen, click the fullscreen button to go to full screen mode; to exit full screen, click the button again or press ESC on your keyboard BACK - when you are in the paytable, click BACK to return to the main game screen Last modification date: 3/31/2017