Skulls of Legend Game Rules 1. Overview The goal is to obtain a winning combination on a winning line spread across the reels. Game specifications : Type Slots Number of reels 5 Number of rows 3 Number of lines 30 (cannot be changed) Number of coins you can bet per line 1 (cannot be changed) Progressive No Double feature No Autospin feature Yes Wild symbols Yes Multiplier symbols No Scatter symbols Yes Bonus round No Free s pins Yes Instant win No RTP 95.74% Jackpot 45000 coins (1500 coins per line) The game disconnects if you do not take any actions for a specific number of consecutive minutes (this number varies depending on jurisdiction); the session recovery feature will save the game progress so that the next time the game is loaded, you can continue where you left off. In the event of technical difficulties resulting in a dropped connection to the game server, the game you were playing is saved automatically and will load the next time you establish a connection to the game server. You will not be able to reconnect to the game server for the first 30 seconds after the disconnection. Note : In case of malfunction all pays and play are voided; any bet that was not yet accepted will be voided, any bet that was unsettled will be refunded. 2. How to Play Note: If you do not have enough money to play a game, the bet can be set to the minimum selectable amount through a dialog window informing about this. All winning lines pay from left to right. Wins on different lines are all added. Only the highest winning combination on each line is paid. Winnings from free spins are added to the total win. The auto spin feature does not automatically start free spins – player input is required. On the info bar(s), you can view the current BET, your BALANCE and your current WIN, in your currency, and your current CREDIT, in coins. 2.1. Desktop version To play, follow these steps: 1.Click and then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value and the number of coins to bet per line. Note: The total bet, in your currency, is displayed above the currently selected coin value. 2.Click to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won, in coins, according to the pay table, is shown in the Win popup. For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the pay table for that winning combination. The total amount won, in your currency, is shown on the info bar (WIN) and is the total amount you won in coins multiplied by the coin value. 2.2. Mobile version To play, follow these steps: 1.Tap to open the settings screen. 2.On the settings screen, tap then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value and the number of coins to bet per line. Tap to return to the main screen. Note: The total bet, in your currency, is displayed above the currently selected coin value. 3.Tap to spin the reels one time. The total amount won, in coins, according to the pay table, is shown in the Win popup. For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the pay table for that winning combination. The total amount won, in your currency, is shown on the info bar (WIN) and is the total amount you won in coins multiplied by the coin value. 3. SPECIAL SYMBOLS AND FEATURES 3.1. Wild The Wild symbol replaces any other symbols, except the Scatter symbols, to form winning combinations. Note : On any reel, only one Wild symbol and one Scatter symbol can appear at the same time. If no specific payouts for Wild are displayed in the paytable, a combination formed exclusively with Wild will pay just like the highest paying symbol, if that combination is the highest winning combination on a line . 3.2. Extended Wild (Wild reel) During normal spins, when Wild symbols appear on a reel, the Wild counter located at the bottom of that reel is incremented by one (the Wilds are collected). When four Wilds have been collected for a reel, that reel is transformed into a Wild reel (extended Wild ). For the next four spins, that Wild reel remains in place and the Wild counter for that reel decreases by one with each spin. If you win Free Spins , the Wild reel will not be kept during Free Spins , but will be back in place when the Free Spins are over and you can continue as explained if you have any of the four spins left. Note : Each coin value has its own Wild counters which are saved whenever you change the coin value. The coin value cannot be changed during spins when a Wild reel (an extended Wild ) is present. 3.3. Free Spins Note : At the end of Free Spins , the game returns to the round that triggered Free Spins . Three or more Scatters anywhere on the reels pay according to the paytable and also trigger the bonus which awards, at random, one of the four types of Free Spins . If you win Free Spins while having a Wild reel , the Free Spins are played first and then you return to the previous gameplay. During Free Spins , Wilds are not collected and any Wild reels are not kept but these will be back in place when the Free Spins are over, as explained in Click START to automatically pick the type of the Free Spins (at random) and then start the Free Spins . The following types of Free Spins are available: Rhum Barrel Free Spins awards 7 Free Spins . On any spin, up to 5 random symbols can turn Wild , and each Wild will remain in place for 3 spins. Compass Free Spins awards 10 Free Spins . On any spin, one symbol on the third reel can turn into Wild along with all the symbols in one random direction of the compass. Storm Free Spins awards 14 Free Spins . On any losing spin, symbols can rearrange themselves to form at least one winning combination. No Quarter Free Spins awards 15 Free Spins . On any spin, 1 to 5 random symbols anywhere on the reels can turn into Wild . Note : The coin value cannot be changed during the Free Spins . During Free Spins , other Free Spins cannot be triggered. 4. Auto spin feature The loss limit setting allows stopping the auto spin feature automatically when the selected limit plus your cumulative winnings minus your cumulative bets is less than 0. 4.1. Desktop version Click the AUTO SPIN button to open the SPIN settings window where you can set up the following: Number of auto spins: click + or - to select the number of auto spins to play; Advanced settings: Loss limit: click the current loss limit value, use the on-screen number pad to enter a value and then confirm your selection (click button to clear your selection and start again); click to close the on-screen number pad without confirming; Stop if a win reaches: click the current value, use the on-screen number pad to enter a value and then confirm your selection (click button to clear your selection and start again); click to close the on-screen number pad without confirming; Stop if JACKPOT is won: (only for games with Progressive Jackpots) - to enable this setting, move the adjacent On/Off switch to On ; move to Off to disable it. Click ACTIVATE to close the SPIN settings window and start the auto spin feature with the currently selected bet and auto spin setup. Click anywhere outside the settings window to close it without starting the auto spin feature. Click the STOP AUTO SPIN button to stop the auto spin feature at any time. 4.2. Mobile version Tap to open the SPIN settings screen, tap and then set up the following: Number of auto spins: tap + or - to select the number of auto spins to play; Advanced settings: Loss limit: tap the current loss limit value, use the on-screen number pad to enter a value and then confirm your selection (tap to clear your selection and start again); tap to close the on-screen number pad without confirming; Stop if a win reaches : tap the current value, use the on-screen number pad to enter a value and then confirm your selection (tap to clear your selection and start again); tap to close the on-screen number pad without confirming; Stop if JACKPOT is won: (only for games with Progressive Jackpots) - to enable this setting, move the adjacent On/Off switch to On; move to Off to disable it. Tap ACTIVATE to close the SPIN settings screen and start the auto spin feature with the currently selected bet and auto spin setup. Tap Return button to close the settings screen without starting the auto spin feature. To stop the Auto Spin at any time, on the main game screen, tap . 5. Other game buttons 5.1. Desktop version The following buttons are available: Click to open the pay table where you can view: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in coins; information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts or specific awards; the game lines and basic game rules. (available only while the reels are spinning) Click this button to stop the reels faster. (available during winning animations) Click this button to skip winning animations. In the bottom left side of the game screen, click this button to open the settings panel. In the bottom right side of the game screen, click this button to go to full screen mode; to exit full screen mode, click or press ESC on your keyboard. n the settings panel, click this button to toggle the game's sound. (in real mode only) In the settings panel, click this button to view the gameplay history in a new browser window. In the settings panel, click this button to close the game and open the home website, in the same browser window. RULES In the pay table, click this button to view detailed game rules in a new browser window. TURBO (available only for specific jurisdictions) On the SPIN settings window, move the On/Off switch adjacent to TURBO to ON to enable the turbo feature which speeds up the gameplay (spin time is reduced to a minimum); move to OFF to disable this feature. 5.2. Mobile version The following buttons are available: On the main screen, tap this button to open the settings screen. Tap to close the settings screen. On the settings screen, tap this button to open the pay table where you can view information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in coins; information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts or specific awards; the game lines, basic game rules. On the settings screen, tap this button to open the options screen. On the options screen, tap this button to toggle the game's sound. (in real mode only) On the settings screen, tap this button and then tap HISTORY to view the gameplay history in a new browser window. On the options screen, tap the Home button to close the game and open the home website, in the same browser window. (available while the reels are spinning or when the auto spin feature is active) Click this button to stop the reels faster or to stop the auto spin feature. (available during winning animations) Tap this button to skip winning animations. RULES In the pay table, tap this button to view detailed game rules in a new browser window. TURBO (available only for specific jurisdictions) On the SPIN settings screen, move the On/Off switch adjacent to TURBO to ON to enable the turbo feature which speeds up the gameplay (spin time is reduced to a minimum); move to OFF to disable this feature. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 7/9/2020