Tropical Bonanza 1. Overview The goal is to obtain 8 or more matching symbol anywhere in view across the reels. Game specifications : Type Slots Number of reels 6 Number of rows 5 Number of coins you can bet 20 (cannot be changed) Progressive No Double feature No Auto spin feature Yes Wild symbols No Multiplier symbols Yes Scatter symbols Yes Bonus round Yes Free s pins Yes Instant win No RTP Normal Game: 94.00 % Side Bet: 94.15 % The game disconnects if you do not take any actions for a specific number of consecutive minutes (this number varies depending on jurisdiction); the session recovery feature will save the game progress so that the next time the game is loaded, you can continue where you left off. In the event of technical difficulties resulting in a dropped connection to the game server, the game you were playing is saved automatically and will load the next time you establish a connection to the game server. You will not be able to reconnect to the game server for the first 30 seconds after the disconnection. Note : In case of malfunction all pays and play are voided; any bet that was not yet accepted will be voided, any bet that was unsettled will be refunded. 2. How to Play Note: If you do not have enough money to play a game, the bet can be set to the minimum selectable amount through a dialog window informing about this. All winning lines pay from left to right. Wins on different lines are all added. Only the highest winning combination on each line is paid. Winnings from Free Spins are added to the total win. The auto spin feature does not automatically start free spins - player input is required.(Available only for specific jurisdictions) On the info bar, you can view the current BET, your BALANCE and your current WIN, displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 2.1. Desktop version To play, follow these steps: Click on the main screen, and then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value. Click to save the settings and return to the main screen. Note: The total BET is displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). Click to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won will be shown in the WIN field from the info bar, in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 2.2. Mobile version To play, follow these steps: Tap on the main screen, then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value. Tap to save the settings and return to the main screen. Note: The total BET is displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won will be shown in the WIN field from the info bar, in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. To toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 3. Special Symbols and Features 3.1. Tumble Feature After every spin in the Tumble Feature the winning combinations are paid and all winning symbols disappear. The remaining symbols fall to the bottom of the screen and the empty positions are replaced with symbols coming from above. Tumbling will continue until no more winning combinations appear as a result of a tumble. There’s no limit to the number of possible tumbles. All wins are added to the player’s balance after each tumble win. 3.2. Happy Hour Modifiers Randomly in the game on any paid spin the Happy Hour Modifier can trigger and award the following: Free Shots - Shots can be added to the Cocktail glass. If the shots fill the Cocktail glass this will trigger the Free Spins Feature and award 8 Free Spins . Fruit Multiplier - Randomly a Fruit Multiplier can land with a value of between x2 and x20. The value of the Fruit Multiplier will be added to the total win of that specific spin. Possible Fruit Multiplier values (during base game) can be: 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 8x, 10x and 20x. Only one Fruit Multiplier can be added by the feature. Mr Crab At any point during the base game Mr Crab can appear to signal a Big Win of 20x total bet or more, he can even signal the Free Spins trigger. 3.3. Free Spins Feature Landing 3 Bonus symbols anywhere in view will trigger the Free Spins Feature and award 8 Free Spins . At least one multiplier is guaranteed to land on each Free Spin . During the Free Spins Feature , the flow for winning symbols will be the same as the base game, 8 or more same symbols anywhere will trigger the Tumble Feature . On each spin a Fruit Multiplier can land in the reels and be added to the total win of that specific spin (Max 3 multipliers per spin). More than 1 Fruit Multiplier can land during any winning tumble per Free Spin . Fruit Multipliers will be added together and applied to the total win of that spin. The total sum of all Fruit Multipliers must not exceed 100x on one Free Spin . Possible Fruit Multiplier values, during Free Spins Feature , can be: 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 8x, 10x, 20x, 30x, 40x, 50x, 60x, 70x, 80x, 90x and 100x. 3.4. Extra Spins During the Free Spins Feature any Bonus symbol that lands will award an Extra Free Spin (Max 5 per feature). 3.5. Cocktail Tumbler Trigger After each win and the Tumble Feature deploys, a section of the Cocktail will gradually fill in the glass. If 6 Tumbles are completed in a paid spin, the glass will fill and trigger the Free Spins Feature and award 8 Free Spins . At the end of a paid spin the if the Cocktail has not been filled, the glass will empty and rest the feature. The Cocktail Tumbler Trigger is not available in the Free Spins Feature . 3.6. Extra Juice Side Bet Activate the Extra Juice Side Bet to increase your chance of triggering the Free Spins Feature . Extra Juice Side Bet will add 25% to the cost of each spin. Activating the Extra Juice Side Bet will not increase the paytable. Note : History application keys COMBO_X= Tumble feature Free_Spins_Retriggered|F1|XX, Free_Spins_Triggered|F8|XX= Free Spins Side_Bet|X= Extra Juice Side Bet Modifier= Happy Hour Modifiers Level|X= Level 4. Other game buttons 4.1. Desktop version The following buttons are available: Click this button to toggle the game sound on or off. Click this button to open the PAYOUTS tab, where you can view several screens: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in either credit or your real currency - to toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area. information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts, or specific awards; the game lines and basic game rules. To navigate among the various screens in the PAYOUTS tab, click on the left and right arrows at the bottom of the screen. RULES In the last of the screens from the PAYOUTS tab, click this button to view detailed game rules, in a new browser window. (in real mode only) This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Click on it to view the gameplay history, in a new browser window. This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Click on it to close the game and to open the home website, in the same browser window. (available while the reels are spinning) Click this button to stop the reels earlier. (available during winning animations) Click this button to skip the winning animations. (available only for specific jurisdictions) Click this button to activate Turbo mode. The Turbo mode speeds up the gameplay - the spin time is reduced to a minimum. 4.2. Mobile version The following buttons are available: Tap this button to toggle the game sound on or off. Tap this button to open the PAYOUTS tab, where you can view several screens: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in either credit or your real currency - to toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area. information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts, or specific awards; the game lines and basic game rules. To navigate among the various screens in the PAYOUTS tab, tap on the left and right arrows at the bottom of the screen. RULES In the last of the screens from the PAYOUTS tab, tap this button to view detailed game rules, in a new browser window. (in real mode only) This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap on it to view the gameplay history in a new browser window. This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap on it to close the game and to open the home website, in the same browser window. (available while the reels are spinning) Tap this button to stop the reels earlier. (available during winning animations) Tap this button to skip the winning animations. (available only for specific jurisdictions) Tap this button to activate Turbo mode. The Turbo mode speeds up the gameplay - the spin time is reduced to a minimum. 5. Auto spin feature The loss limit setting allows stopping the auto spin feature automatically when the selected limit, plus your cumulative winnings, and minus your cumulative bets, is less than 0. 5.1. Desktop version Click the AUTO SPIN button to open the AUTO SPIN settings window where you can set up the following: Number of auto spins : click + or - to select the number of auto spins to play. Loss limit : click + or - to select the value of the loss limit; Stop if a win reaches : click + or - to select the value of the maximum win; Stop if JACKPOT is won (only for games with Progressive Jackpots): to enable this setting, tick the checkbox ; to disable it, remove the tick. Click the ACTIVATE button to close the AUTO SPIN settings window and to start the auto spin feature with the currently selected bet and auto spin setup. Click the CLOSE button to close the window without starting the auto spin feature. Click the STOP AUTO SPIN button to stop the auto spin feature at any time. 5.2. Mobile version Tap the AUTO SPIN button to open the AUTO SPIN settings window where you can set up the following: Number of auto spins : tap + or - to select the number of auto spins to play. Loss limit : tap + or - to select the value of the loss limit; Stop if a win reaches : tap + or - to select the value of the maximum win; Stop if JACKPOT is won (only for games with Progressive Jackpots): to enable this setting, tick the checkbox ; to disable it, remove the tick. Tap the ACTIVATE button to close the SPIN settings window and to start the auto spin feature with the currently selected bet and auto spin setup. Tap the CLOSE button to close the window without starting the auto spin feature. Tap the STOP AUTO SPIN button to stop the auto spin feature at any time. Last modification date: 10/19/2022