The Love Guru Overview The goal is to obtain a winning combination on a winning line spread across the reels. How to Play Note: If you do not have enough money to play a game, the bet can be set to the minimum selectable amount through a dialog window informing about this. All winning lines pay from left to right. Wins on different selected lines are all added. Only the highest winning combination on each selected line is paid. Flash version Note : On the info bar located under the main game buttons, you can view the current BET, your BALANCE and your current WINNINGS, in your currency. To play, follow these steps: Use the coin value select button to choose a coin value. Use the LINE BET button to choose the amount of coins you want to bet on each active line. Use the LINES button to choose the number of active lines. Note : The current bet amount, in your currency, is displayed in the BET box. Click SPIN to place the bet and spin the reels once. You can click the BET MAX button to place the maximum bet (all lines active and maximum number of coins per line) for the currently selected coin value and spin the reels once. The total amount won, in your currency, according to the paytable, is shown in the WINNINGS box. For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination multiplied by the coin value multiplied by the number of coins bet per line. Special Symbols and Features Wild Replaces any other symbol, except Bonus and Instant Bonus. During free spins, if it appears in the middle of any reel, it expands and remains expanded on that reel for the remaining free spins; there can be more than one extended Wild per combination; during normal spins, it does not expand and is not held. Bonus Three or more Bonus symbols anywhere on the reels trigger the Bonus Round. The Bonus Round has the following levels: on the first level , you have to choose some of the boxes and win a random amount of cash, in your currency (between 5 and 100 coins, multiplied by the total bet) on the second level , you have to choose some of the boxes and win a random number of free spins (between 5 and 20) on the third level , you have to choose some of the boxes and win, for the free spins you won on the previous level, a random multiplier (between 1X and 5X) and, in addition, a random symbol (except Wild, Bonus or Instant Bonus) could be automatically selected to act as wild; unlike the normal Wild symbol, during free spins, the symbol selected to act as Wild will not expand and will not be held The number of times you can choose a box, in each phase, is random. The amount you win after the free spins end is added to the total balance. Instant Bonus Three or more Instant Bonus symbols anywhere on the reels trigger the Instant Bonus Round – this type of bonus is not available during free spins. During the Instant Bonus Round, the Instant Bonus symbols expand on the whole reels on which they appeared. You have to choose any of the Instant Bonus symbols on the reels in order to win a random amount of cash (between 2 and 20 coins, multiplied by the total bet), in your currency, for each pick – the number of times you can choose is the same as the initial number of Instant Bonus symbols that appeared on the reels and triggered the Instant Bonus Round. The amount you win is added to the total balance. Autospin feature The loss limit setting allows stopping the autospin feature automatically when the selected limit plus your cumulative winnings minus your cumulative bets is less than 0. Note : The autoplay feature does not automatically play the Instant bonus round – player input is required. Flash version Click the AUTO SPIN button to open the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window where you can set up the autospin feature. On the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window, you can set up the following: Loss limit - enter a number for the loss limit value or use the left and the right arrow buttons to select a number for the loss limit value Stop if WIN reaches - to enable this setting, click the button on its left side and then enter a number for the WIN value or use the left and the right arrow buttons to select a number for the WIN value; click the button on its left side again to disable it Stop if JACKPOT is won - (only for games with Progressive Jackpots or with a specific Jackpot value displayed) - to enable this setting, click the button on its left side; click the button on its left side again to disable it Number of AUTO SPINS to play - use the left and the right arrow buttons to select the number of autospins Click START to close the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window and start the autospin feature with the currently selected bet and number of autospins or click CANCEL to close the AUTO SPIN SETTINGS window without starting the autospin feature. Click the STOP xx/yy button to stop the autospin feature at any time; xx represents the remaining number of autospins and yy represents the number of autospins to play that you selected on the AUTO SPINS SETTINGS window. Other game buttons Flash version The following buttons are available: PAYTABLE – click to open the paytable where you can view: information about the payout for the winning combinations, in coins information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts or specific awards the game lines and short game rules STOP – (available only while the reels are spinning) click this button to stop the reels faster SKIP – (available during winning animations) click this button to skip winning animations options bar button – in the top-right corner of the game screen, click the options button (gear symbol) to expand the Options bar and view the available buttons mute/unmute button – on the options bar, click the speaker symbol to mute/unmute all game sounds rules button – on the options bar, click the ? symbol to view detailed game rules in a new browser window history button – (in real mode only) on the options bar, click the clock symbol to view the gameplay history close button – on the options bar, click X to close the game full screen button – on the options bar, click the button next to X to go to full screen mode; to exit full screen, click the button again or press ESC on your keyboard BACK – when you are in the paytable, click BACK to return to the main game screen The theoretical return to player for this game is 97.79% The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 7/9/2020