The Golden City 1. Overview The goal is to obtain a winning combination on a winning line spread across the reels. Game specifications : Type Slots Number of reels 5 Number of rows 3 Number of lines 20 (cannot be changed) Number of coins you can bet 1 - per line (cannot be changed) Progressive No Double feature No Auto spin feature Yes Wild symbols Yes Multiplier symbols No Scatter symbols Yes Bonus round Yes Free spins Yes Instant win Yes (Scatter symbol) RTP 95.98% The game disconnects if you do not take any actions for a specific number of consecutive minutes (this number varies depending on jurisdiction); the session recovery feature will save the game progress so that the next time the game is loaded, you can continue where you left off. In the event of technical difficulties resulting in a dropped connection to the game server, the game you were playing is saved automatically and will load the next time you establish a connection to the game server. You will not be able to reconnect to the game server for the first 30 seconds after the disconnection. Note : In case of malfunction all pays and play are voided; any bet that was not yet accepted will be voided, any bet that was unsettled will be refunded. 2. How to Play Note: If you do not have enough money to play a game, the bet can be set to the minimum selectable amount through a dialog window informing about this. All winning lines pay from left to right. Winnings on different lines are all added. Only the highest winning combination on each line is paid. Winnings from free spins are added to the total win. The auto spin feature does not automatically start free spins – player input is required. On the info bar(s), you can view the current BET, your BALANCE and your current WIN, in your currency, and your current CREDIT, in coins. 2.1. Desktop version To play, follow these steps: Click and then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value. Note: The total bet, in your currency, is displayed above the currently selected coin value. Click to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won, in coins, according to the pay table, is shown in the Win popup. For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the pay table for that winning combination. The total amount won, in your currency, is shown on the info bar (WIN) and is the total amount you won in coins multiplied by the coin value. 2.2. Mobile version To play, follow these steps: Tap to open the settings screen. On the settings screen, tap then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value. Tap to return to the main screen. Note: The total bet, in your currency, is displayed above the currently selected coin value. Tap to spin the reels one time. The total amount won, in coins, according to the pay table, is shown in the Win popup. For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the pay table for that winning combination. The total amount won, in your currency, is shown on the info bar (WIN) and is the total amount you won in coins multiplied by the coin value. 3. Special Symbols and Features 3.1. Cascading Wins Symbols fall into position instead of the reels spinning. Any win in view will start a Cascade . Symbols in winning combinations will explode and new symbols will drop into position. Cascades will continue until no new wins are formed. Note : Stacked Wild Symbols and Scatters cannot be broken and will remain on screen until no more wins are formed. 3.2. Bonus Bonus symbols that land on Reels 1, 3 and 5 will trigger the Trail Bonus and Free Spins. 3.3. Wild The Wild symbol replaces any other symbols, except the Bonus and Scatter symbols, to form winning combinations. Wild symbols come only as stacks which can not be broken, so they can continually form wins in cascades. Note : If no specific payouts for Wild are displayed in the pay table, a combination formed exclusively with Wild will pay just like the highest paying symbol, if that combination is the highest winning combination on a line. 3.4. Trail Bonus Three Bonus symbols that land on Reels 1,3 and 5 will trigger the Trail Bonus. Roll the dice to collect Free Spins(+1, +2, +3) and Golden Keys , or increase the Scatter(20,40, 60, 80) value during Free Spins . Note : Every time a Scatter value lands this will be added into the Scatter Bank , that will determine the value of the Scatter symbols during the Free Spins . 3.5. Prize Pyramid During the Trail Bonus collecting 3 Golden Keys will trigger the Prize Pyramid . During the Prize Pyramid you can advance to the next level or win a cash prize. Reaching the top of the Pyramid will trigger the Cash Wheel , that spins to win up to 1000 x Bet. Note : Player input is required to start the Prize Pyramid and the Cash Wheel round . Feature ends on first cash win. Prize Pyramid and Cash Wheel round can not be re triggered. 3.6. Free Spins Landing on Start space during the Trail Bonus will activate Free Spins. During Free Spins , each Scatter symbol that lands will award the amount collected in the Scatter Bank during the Trail Bonus . Note : Trail Bonus and Free Spins can not be re triggered. Scatter symbols will only appear on reels 1,3 & 5 After any Scatter Value symbols have been collected, the symbols will show as blank symbols and will have no value. 4. Auto spin feature The loss limit setting allows stopping the auto spin feature automatically when the selected limit plus your cumulative winnings minus your cumulative bets is less than 0. 4.1. Desktop version Click the AUTO SPIN button to open the SPIN settings window where you can set up the following: Number of auto spins : click + or - to select the number of auto spins to play; Advanced settings : Loss limit : click the current loss limit value, use the on-screen number pad to enter a value and then confirm your selection (click to clear your selection and start again); click to close the on-screen number pad without confirming; Stop if a win reaches : click the current value, use the on-screen number pad to enter a value and then confirm your selection (click to clear your selection and start again); click to close the on-screen number pad without confirming; Stop if JACKPOT is won : (only for games with Progressive Jackpots) - to enable this setting, move the adjacent On/Off switch to On; move to Off to disable it. Click ACTIVATE to close the SPIN settings window and start the auto spin feature with the currently selected bet and auto spin setup. Click anywhere outside the settings window to close it without starting the auto spin feature. Click the STOP AUTO SPIN button to stop the auto spin feature at any time. 4.2. Mobile version Tap to open the SPIN settings screen, tap and then set up the following: Number of auto spins : tap + or - to select the number of auto spins to play; Advanced settings : Loss limit : tap the current loss limit value, use the on-screen number pad to enter a value and then confirm your selection (tap to clear your selection and start again); tap to close the on-screen number pad without confirming; Stop if a win reaches : tap the current value, use the on-screen number pad to enter a value and then confirm your selection (tap to clear your selection and start again); tap to close the on-screen number pad without confirming; Stop if JACKPOT is won : (only for games with Progressive Jackpots) - to enable this setting, move the adjacent On/Off switch to On; move to Off to disable it. Tap ACTIVATE to close the SPIN settings screen and start the auto spin feature with the currently selected bet and auto spin setup. Tap to close the settings screen without starting the auto spin feature. To stop the Auto Spin at any time, on the main game screen, tap . 5. Other game buttons 5.1. Desktop version The following buttons are available: Click to open the pay table where you can view: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in coins; information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts or specific awards; the game lines and basic game rules. (available only while the reels are spinning) Click this button to stop the reels faster. (available during winning animations) Click this button to skip winning animations. In the bottom left side of the game screen, click this button to open the settings panel. In the bottom right side of the game screen, click this button to go to full screen mode; to exit full screen mode, click or press ESC on your keyboard. In the settings panel, click this button to toggle the game's sound. (in real mode only) In the settings panel, click this button to view the gameplay history in a new browser window. In the settings panel, click this button to close the game and open the home website, in the same browser window. RULES In the pay table, click this button to view detailed game rules in a new browser window. TURBO (available only for specific jurisdictions) On the SPIN settings window, move the On/Off switch adjacent to TURBO to ON to enable the turbo feature which speeds up the gameplay (spin time is reduced to a minimum); move to OFF to disable this feature. 5.2. Mobile version The following buttons are available: The game disconnects if you do not take any actions for a specific number of consecutive minutes (this number varies depending on jurisdiction); the session recovery feature will save the game progress so that the next time the game is loaded, you can continue where you left off. In the event of technical difficulties resulting in a dropped connection to the game server, the game you were playing is saved automatically and will load the next time you establish a connection to the game server. You will not be able to reconnect to the game server for the first 30 seconds after the disconnection. Note : In case of malfunction all pays and play are voided; any bet that was not yet accepted will be voided, any bet that was unsettled will be refunded. On the main screen, tap this button to open the settings screen. Tap to close the settings screen. On the settings screen, tap this button to open the pay table where you can view: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in coins; information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts or specific awards; the game lines, basic game rules. On the settings screen, tap this button to open the options screen. On the options screen, tap this button to toggle the game's sound. (in real mode only) On the settings screen, tap this button and then tap HISTORY to view the gameplay history in a new browser window. On the options screen, tap the Home button to close the game and open the home website, in the same browser window. (available while the reels are spinning or when the auto spin feature is active) Click this button to stop the reels faster or to stop the auto spin feature. (available during winning animations) Tap this button to skip winning animations. RULES In the pay table, tap this button to view detailed game rules in a new browser window. TURBO (available only for specific jurisdictions) On the SPIN settings screen, move the On/Off switch adjacent to TURBO to ON to enable the turbo feature which speeds up the gameplay (spin time is reduced to a minimum); move to OFF to disable this feature. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 7/9/2020