Thunder Shields 1. Overview The goal is to obtain a winning combination on a winning line spread across the reels. Game specifications : Type Slots Number of reels 5 - during normal spins 5 to 7 - during Hold & Win Respins Number of rows 4 Number of lines 40 (cannot be changed) Number of coins you can bet 1 - per line / 40 (cannot be changed) Progressive No Double feature No Auto spin feature Yes Wild symbols Yes Multiplier symbols Yes, X2 MULTIPLIER Scatter symbols Yes, Cash shields Bonus round Yes, Hold & Win Respins Free s pins No Instant win No RTP 96.00% The game disconnects if you do not take any actions for a specific number of consecutive minutes (this number varies depending on jurisdiction); the session recovery feature will save the game progress so that the next time the game is loaded, you can continue where you left off. In the event of technical difficulties resulting in a dropped connection to the game server, the game you were playing is saved automatically and will load the next time you establish a connection to the game server. You will not be able to reconnect to the game server for the first 30 seconds after the disconnection. Note : In case of malfunction all pays and play are voided; any bet that was not yet accepted will be voided, any bet that was unsettled will be refunded. 2. How to Play Note: If you do not have enough money to play a game, the bet can be set to the minimum selectable amount through a dialog window informing about this. All winning lines pay from left to right. Wins on different lines are all added. Only the highest winning combination on each line is paid. On the info bar, you can view the current BET, your BALANCE and your current WIN, displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 2.1. Desktop version To play, follow these steps: Click on the main screen, and then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value. Click to save the settings and return to the main screen. Note: The total BET is displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). Click to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won will be shown in the WIN field from the info bar, in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 2.2. Mobile version To play, follow these steps: Tap on the main screen, then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value. Tap to save the settings and return to the main screen. Note: The total BET is displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won will be shown in the WIN field from the info bar, in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. To toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 3. Special Symbols and Features 3.1. Wild The Wild symbol replaces any other symbols, except the Cash Shields and Mystery Symbols , to form winning combinations. Landing a Wild symbol will trigger a Colossal Respin . Note : If no specific payouts for Wild are displayed in the pay table, a combination formed exclusively with Wild will pay just like the highest paying symbol, if that combination is the highest winning combination on a line. 3.2. Cash Shields Landing 6 or more Cash Shields will trigger the Hold & Win Respins . 3.3. Mystery Symbols Mystery Symbols land as stacks and reveal the same symbol after the spin. 3.4. Colossal Respins Any Wild will trigger a Colossal Respin , with giant symbols on Reels 1 and 2. If a Wild lands during any respin, an extra respin is awarded with the giant symbols growing to cover an extra reel, up to a maximum of 4 reels. If a fourth respin is won, a multiplier of x2 will be activated. This multiplier will increase by x1 for each extra respin triggered by a Wild . Note: All symbols including Cash Shields landing as a colossal are counted by the amount of single spaces they land on. It is possible to trigger Hold  Respins from the Colossal feature. 3.5. Mystery Spin Randomly, during any normal spin at least 3 reels will land as full Mystery Stacks and will all reveal the same symbol after the spin. 3.6. Hold & Win Respins Landing 6 or more Cash Shields will trigger the Hold & Win Respins feature, that will award 3 respins with all cash values remaining in place. During Hold & Win Respins only Cash Shields and Special Shields are in play and every time a new one lands, the respins counter will reset. When the respins run down to zero, the feature will end and all cash values in view will be collected. Possible values during Respins are as follows in times bet values: x1, x1.5, x2.5,x3.5, x5, x7.5, x12.5, x15, x20, x25, x50 , x125, x187.5, x250. Note: The values displayed on the shields are shown in the selected currency/coin. 3.7. Special Shields During the Hold & Win Respins Special Shields can land to help you increase your winnings: X2 MULTIPLIER - Multiplies all cash values currently in view by x2; COLLECTOR - Collects all cash values, opening up more spaces; REEL BOOST - Adds one extra reel to the layout. Leftmost reel will be added first. Up to two reels can be added per respins session. Maximum of 7 reels can be in play; CASH BOOST - Boosts all cash values currently in view; RESPINS BOOST - Permanently increases the number of respins on the counter by 1. Note : X2 MULTIPLIER shield will also increase the Thunderstorm Prizes. 3.8. Thunderstorm Prizes During the Hold & Win Respins there are 3 possibile Thunderstorm Prizes available: Mini, Major & Mega. The initial values of prizes are as follows in times bet values: 10x for Mini , 100x for Major and 1000x for Mega . Prizes are triggered by landing 3 Storm Shields . These shields also have value, but they have electricity symbol on them as well. Collecting 3 Storm Shields during respins will unlock the Thunderstorm Prizes . One of the 3 possible Thunderstorm Prizes will be awarded at random and collected at the end of the feature. Note : Storm Shields will remain on the screen all through the feature. Note: Upon activation, Special shields and Storm shields will reveal their own cash value. Special shields and Storm shields can have the same possible values as regular Cash Shields . boosters=CASH BOOST. collectors=COLLECTOR. multipliers=X2 MULTIPLIER. extra_reels=REEL BOOST. extra_spins=RESPINS BOOST. prize_progress=STORM SHIELDS. new_booster_value=CASH BOOST. initial_screen= initial symbols. respins_left= Respins Left. result_screen= Result Screen. hold _symbols= Hold  Symbols. fs_trigger_1= Colossal Respin. fs_retrigger_1=Colossal Respin. prize_winnings= Thunderstorm Prize. cash_values, hold _cash_values=Shields values. hold _winnings= Hold  Win. RespinsUsed= Respins played. hold _trigger_symbols= Hold  trigger screen. 4. Other game buttons 4.1. Desktop version The following buttons are available: Click this button to toggle the game sound on or off. Click this button to open the PAYOUTS tab, where you can view several screens: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in either credit or your real currency - to toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area. information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts, or specific awards; the game lines and basic game rules. To navigate among the various screens in the PAYOUTS tab, click on the left and right arrows at the bottom of the screen. RULES In the last of the screens from the PAYOUTS tab, click this button to view detailed game rules, in a new browser window. (in real mode only) This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Click on it to view the gameplay history, in a new browser window. This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Click on it to close the game and to open the home website, in the same browser window. (available while the reels are spinning) Click this button to stop the reels earlier. (available during winning animations) Click this button to skip the winning animations. (available only for specific jurisdictions) Click this button to activate Turbo mode. The Turbo mode speeds up the gameplay - the spin time is reduced to a minimum. 4.2. Mobile version The following buttons are available: Tap this button to toggle the game sound on or off. Tap this button to open the PAYOUTS tab, where you can view several screens: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in either credit or your real currency - to toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area. information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts, or specific awards; the game lines and basic game rules. To navigate among the various screens in the PAYOUTS tab, tap on the left and right arrows at the bottom of the screen. RULES In the last of the screens from the PAYOUTS tab, tap this button to view detailed game rules, in a new browser window. (in real mode only) This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap on it to view the gameplay history in a new browser window. This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap on it to close the game and to open the home website, in the same browser window. (available while the reels are spinning) Tap this button to stop the reels earlier. (available during winning animations) Tap this button to skip the winning animations. (available only for specific jurisdictions) Tap this button to activate Turbo mode. The Turbo mode speeds up the gameplay - the spin time is reduced to a minimum. 5. Auto spin feature The loss limit setting allows stopping the auto spin feature automatically when the selected limit, plus your cumulative winnings, and minus your cumulative bets, is less than 0. 5.1. Desktop version Click the AUTO SPIN button to open the AUTO SPIN settings window where you can set up the following: Number of auto spins : click + or - to select the number of auto spins to play. Loss limit : click + or - to select the value of the loss limit; Stop if a win reaches : click + or - to select the value of the maximum win; Stop if JACKPOT is won (only for games with Progressive Jackpots): to enable this setting, tick the checkbox ; to disable it, remove the tick. Click the ACTIVATE button to close the AUTO SPIN settings window and to start the auto spin feature with the currently selected bet and auto spin setup. Click the CLOSE button to close the window without starting the auto spin feature. Click the STOP AUTO SPIN button to stop the auto spin feature at any time. 5.2. Mobile version Tap the AUTO SPIN button to open the AUTO SPIN settings window where you can set up the following: Number of auto spins : tap + or - to select the number of auto spins to play. Loss limit : tap + or - to select the value of the loss limit; Stop if a win reaches : tap + or - to select the value of the maximum win; Stop if JACKPOT is won (only for games with Progressive Jackpots): to enable this setting, tick the checkbox ; to disable it, remove the tick. Tap the ACTIVATE button to close the SPIN settings window and to start the auto spin feature with the currently selected bet and auto spin setup. Tap the CLOSE button to close the window without starting the auto spin feature. Tap the STOP AUTO SPIN button to stop the auto spin feature at any time. Last modification date: 3/11/2021