Wishing Wheel 1. Overview The goal is to obtain a winning combination on a winning line spread across the reels. Game specifications : Type Slots Number of reels 5 Number of rows 3 Number of lines 20 (cannot be changed) Number of coins you can bet 20 (cannot be changed) Progressive No Double feature No Autospin feature Yes Wild symbols Yes Multiplier symbols No Scatter symbols Yes (Bonus symbol) Bonus round Yes Free s pins Yes (Wishing Wheel Free Spins) Instant win No RTP 96.00% The game disconnects if you do not take any actions for a specific number of consecutive minutes (this number varies depending on jurisdiction); the session recovery feature will save the game progress so that the next time the game is loaded, you can continue where you left off. In the event of technical difficulties resulting in a dropped connection to the game server, the game you were playing is saved automatically and will load the next time you establish a connection to the game server. You will not be able to reconnect to the game server for the first 30 seconds after the disconnection. Note : In case of malfunction all pays and play are voided; any bet that was not yet accepted will be voided, any bet that was unsettled will be refunded. 2. How to Play Note: If you do not have enough money to play a game, the bet can be set to the minimum selectable amount through a dialog window informing about this. All winning lines pay from left to right. Wins on different lines are all added. Only the highest winning combination on each line is paid. Winnings from Free Spins are added to the total win. The auto spin feature does not automatically start free spins - player input is required. On the info bar, you can view the current BET, your BALANCE and your current WIN, displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 2.1. Desktop version To play, follow these steps: Click on the main screen, and then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value. Click to save the settings and return to the main screen. Note: The total BET is displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). Click to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won will be shown in the WIN field from the info bar, in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 2.2. Mobile version To play, follow these steps: Tap on the main screen, then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value. Tap to save the settings and return to the main screen. Note: The total BET is displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won will be shown in the WIN field from the info bar, in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. To toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 3. Special Symbols and Features 3.1. Wild The Wild symbol replaces any other symbols, except the Bonus symbol. Note: If no specific payouts for Wild are displayed in the pay table, a combination formed exclusively with Wild will pay just like the highest paying symbol, if that combination is the highest winning combination on a way. 3.2. Wishing Wheel Bonus 3 Bonus symbols anywhere on reels 1, 3 and 5 trigger the Wishing Wheel round. Note : Bonus symbols can appear only on reels 1, 3 and 5. During the Wishing Wheel round, the Inner Wishing Wheel awards randomly up to 15 Wishing Wheel Free Spins and the Outer Wishing Wheel awards randomly one of the following special features: 10 Rainbow Wilds - 10 Rainbow Wilds will randomly land on the reels during each Wishing Wheel Spin Rainbow Reels - 1, 2 or 3 random reels will turn into Wild Reels on each Wishing Wheel Spin Shamrock Sync - 2 or 3 random reels will spin in sync on each Wishing Wheel Spin 7 Rainbow Wilds - 7 Rainbow Wilds will randomly land on the reels during each Wishing Wheel Spin 6 Mystery Pipe Symbols - 6 random positions on the reels will turn into Mystery Pipe Symbol positions and will remain so until the end of the current Wishing Wheel Spins (each Mystery Pipe Symbol position will have the same symbol at the end of the Wishing Wheel Spin) Mega Reels - reels 1, 2 and 3 or 2, 3 and 4 will turn into mega reels (same symbol on each position of the reels) on each Wishing Wheel Spin 12 Mystery Pipe Symbols - 12 random positions on the reels will turn into Mystery Pipe Symbol positions and will remain so until the end of the current Wishing Wheel Spins (each Mystery Pipe Symbol position will have the same symbol at the end of the Wishing Wheel Spin) Super Rainbow Reels - 3 to 5 random reels will turn into Wild Reels on each Wishing Wheel Spin Super Shamrock Sync - 3, 4 or 5 random reels will spin in sync on each Wishing Wheel Spin 5 Rainbow Wilds - 5 Rainbow Wilds will randomly land on the reels during each Wishing Wheel Spin 8 Mystery Pipe Symbols - 8 random positions on the reels will turn into Mystery Pipe Symbol positions and will remain so until the end of the current Wishing Wheel Spins (each Mystery Pipe Symbol position will have the same symbol at the end of the Wishing Wheel Spin); Ultra Reels - the whole reel set will turn ultra symbols Note : During the Wishing Wheel round, you cannot change the coin value . Winnings from the Wishing Wheel round are added to the total win. 3.3. Mystery Pipe Symbols Randomly, 6, 8 or 12 random positions on the reels will be replaced by the same symbol. 3.4. Rainbow Wilds Randomly, 5, 7 or 10 random positions on the reels will be replaced by Wilds. 3.5. Mega Reels Randomly, Reels 1-3 or Reels 2-4 will turn into mega symbols. 3.6. Shamrock Sync Randomly, 2 or 3 Reels will spin in-sync and land the same symbols. Super Shamrock Sync will spin 3, 4 or 5 Reels together. 3.7. Rainbow Reels Randomly, 1, 2 or 3 random reels will turn into stacked Wild Reels . Super Rainbow Reels will give 3 to 5 Wild Reels every spin. 3.8. Ultra Reels Randomly, the whole reel set will turn into ultra symbols. 3.9. Wishing Wheel Randomly, any normal spin can turn into a Wishing Wheel Spin with one of the special features described in section 3.2. Wishing Wheel Bonus . 3.10. Shamrock Multipliers Randomly, any spin of the wheel can reveal a multiplier to multiply every Wishing Wheel feature described in section 3.2. Wishing Wheel Bonus by up to x10. Note: History application keys Freespins_trigger: Free Spins Random modifier: Multiplier 4. Other game buttons 4.1. Desktop version The following buttons are available: Click this button to toggle the game sound on or off. Click this button to open the PAYOUTS tab, where you can view several screens: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in either credit or your real currency - to toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area. information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts, or specific awards; the game lines and basic game rules. To navigate among the various screens in the PAYOUTS tab, click on the left and right arrows at the bottom of the screen. RULES In the last of the screens from the PAYOUTS tab, click this button to view detailed game rules, in a new browser window. (in real mode only) This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Click on it to view the gameplay history, in a new browser window. This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Click on it to close the game and to open the home website, in the same browser window. (available while the reels are spinning) Click this button to stop the reels earlier. (available during winning animations) Click this button to skip the winning animations. (available only for specific jurisdictions) Click this button to activate Turbo mode. The Turbo mode speeds up the gameplay - the spin time is reduced to a minimum. 4.2. Mobile version The following buttons are available: Tap this button to toggle the game sound on or off. Tap this button to open the PAYOUTS tab, where you can view several screens: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in either credit or your real currency - to toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area. information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts, or specific awards; the game lines and basic game rules. To navigate among the various screens in the PAYOUTS tab, tap on the left and right arrows at the bottom of the screen. RULES In the last of the screens from the PAYOUTS tab, tap this button to view detailed game rules, in a new browser window. (in real mode only) This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap on it to view the gameplay history in a new browser window. This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap on it to close the game and to open the home website, in the same browser window. (available while the reels are spinning) Tap this button to stop the reels earlier. (available during winning animations) Tap this button to skip the winning animations. (available only for specific jurisdictions) Tap this button to activate Turbo mode. The Turbo mode speeds up the gameplay - the spin time is reduced to a minimum. 5. Auto spin feature The loss limit setting allows stopping the auto spin feature automatically when the selected limit, plus your cumulative winnings, and minus your cumulative bets, is less than 0. 5.1. Desktop version Click the AUTO SPIN button to open the AUTO SPIN settings window where you can set up the following: Number of auto spins : click + or - to select the number of auto spins to play. Loss limit : click + or - to select the value of the loss limit; Stop if a win reaches : click + or - to select the value of the maximum win; Stop if JACKPOT is won (only for games with Progressive Jackpots): to enable this setting, tick the checkbox ; to disable it, remove the tick. Click the ACTIVATE button to close the AUTO SPIN settings window and to start the auto spin feature with the currently selected bet and auto spin setup. Click the CLOSE button to close the window without starting the auto spin feature. Click the STOP AUTO SPIN button to stop the auto spin feature at any time. 5.2. Mobile version Tap the AUTO SPIN button to open the AUTO SPIN settings window where you can set up the following: Number of auto spins : tap + or - to select the number of auto spins to play. Loss limit : tap + or - to select the value of the loss limit; Stop if a win reaches : tap + or - to select the value of the maximum win; Stop if JACKPOT is won (only for games with Progressive Jackpots): to enable this setting, tick the checkbox ; to disable it, remove the tick. Tap the ACTIVATE button to close the SPIN settings window and to start the auto spin feature with the currently selected bet and auto spin setup. Tap the CLOSE button to close the window without starting the auto spin feature. Tap the STOP AUTO SPIN button to stop the auto spin feature at any time. The maximum win from a single game is £229,000. Last modification date: 11/1/2021