William Tell and The Wild Arrows Hold and Win 1. Overview The goal is to obtain a winning combination on a winning line spread across the reels. Game specifications : Type Slots Number of reels 5 Number of rows 3 Number of lines 25 (cannot be changed) Number of coins you can bet 25 (cannot be changed) Progressive No Double feature No Auto spin feature Yes Wild symbols Yes Multiplier symbols Yes Scatter symbols No Bonus round Yes (Hold& Win) Free s pins No Instant win No RTP 94.00% The game disconnects if you do not take any actions for a specific number of consecutive minutes (this number varies depending on jurisdiction); the session recovery feature will save the game progress so that the next time the game is loaded, you can continue where you left off. In the event of technical difficulties resulting in a dropped connection to the game server, the game you were playing is saved automatically and will load the next time you establish a connection to the game server. You will not be able to reconnect to the game server for the first 30 seconds after the disconnection. Note : In case of malfunction all pays and play are voided; any bet that was not yet accepted will be voided, any bet that was unsettled will be refunded. 2. How to Play Note: If you do not have enough money to play a game, the bet can be set to the minimum selectable amount through a dialog window informing about this. All winning lines pay from left to right. Wins on different lines are all added. Only the highest winning combination on each line is paid. On the info bar, you can view the current BET, your BALANCE and your current WIN, displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 2.1. Desktop version To play, follow these steps: Click on the main screen, and then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value. Click to save the settings and return to the main screen. Note: The total BET is displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). Click to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won will be shown in the WIN field from the info bar, in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. To toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 2.2. Mobile version To play, follow these steps: Tap on the main screen, then use the + and - buttons to select a coin value. Tap to save the settings and return to the main screen. Note: The total BET is displayed in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). To toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). Tap to place the bet and spin the reels one time. The total amount won will be shown in the WIN field from the info bar, in either credit or your real currency, depending on the current user's choice (Available only for specific jurisdictions). For each winning combination, the amount won is the amount shown in the paytable for that winning combination. To toggle between credit or your real currency, tap in the BALANCE area (Available only for specific jurisdictions). 3. Special Symbols and Features 3.1. Wild The Wild symbol can substitute for all symbols except the Respin Symbol. Note: If no specific payouts for Wild are displayed in the pay table, a combination formed exclusively with Wild will pay just like the highest paying symbol, if that combination is the highest winning combination. 3.2. William Tell & The Wild Arrows Hold & Win Feature 5 or more Respin symbols landing will trigger the William Tell & The Wild Arrows Hold & Win Feature, on any trigger an arrow can fire into the Respin symbols and boost these values. 3 Respins are awarded and any Respin symbols landing will stay in place and reset the respins back to 3. Values are displayed in multipliers times the total bet, values are 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 8x, 10x, 15x, 20x, 50x & 100x. 3.3. Split-Zone Feature At anytime during the respins an arrow can hit any GRID SPACE and split this into 4 mini grid spaces. If an already landed Respin symbol is split, this will create 4 instances of the initial value, this will count as a winning spin and reset the respins back to 3. If an empty grid space is split, this will create 4 empty mini grid spaces, up to 4 Respin symbols symbols of any value can land in here as part of the spin cycle. If an empty grid space is split this will not count as a winning spin. Possible multiplier values in an empty mini grid are independent and it is possible to have 4 different multipliers populate an empty mini grid. 3.4. Special Prizes Special Prize Respin symbols can also be split during the William Tell & The Wild Arrows Hold & Win Feature . Minor - 20x Total Bet Major - 50x Total Bet Grand - 100x Total Bet. 3.5. In Game Modifiers William's Wild Arrow - At the end of any paid spin, William's Wild Arrow can trigger, up to 5 symbols can change into a Wild Symbol. Gessler's Greed - At the start of any paid spin and for one spin only Gessler's Greed spin can occur, all low paying symbols (Royals) J, Q, K, A, are removed for that spin. Note: History application keys. Initial_Screen= Initial symbols Final_Screen= Final symbols Respins_Left= Respins remaining Respins_Used= Respins played Multiplier= Multiplier respin_winning= William Tell & The Wild Arrows Hold & Win Win Respins_triggered= William Tell & The Wild Arrows Hold & Win Prize= Prize Modifier_2= Gessler's Greed Modifier_1= WILLIAM'S WILD ARROW Wilds_Added= WILLIAM'S WILD ARROW Wild Respins_Split_Positions= Split Zone 4. Other game buttons 4.1. Desktop version The following buttons are available: Click this button to toggle the game sound on or off. Click this button to open the PAYOUTS tab, where you can view several screens: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in either credit or your real currency - to toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area. information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts, or specific awards; the game lines and basic game rules. To navigate among the various screens in the PAYOUTS tab, click on the left and right arrows at the bottom of the screen. RULES In the last of the screens from the PAYOUTS tab, click this button to view detailed game rules, in a new browser window. (in real mode only) This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Click on it to view the gameplay history, in a new browser window. This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Click on it to close the game and to open the home website, in the same browser window. (available while the reels are spinning) Click this button to stop the reels earlier. (available during winning animations) Click this button to skip the winning animations. (available only for specific jurisdictions) Click this button to activate Turbo mode. The Turbo mode speeds up the gameplay - the spin time is reduced to a minimum. 4.2. Mobile version The following buttons are available: Click this button to toggle the game sound on or off. Click this button to open the PAYOUTS tab, where you can view several screens: information about the payouts for the winning combinations, in either credit or your real currency - to toggle between credit or your real currency, click in the BALANCE area. information about any existing special features or special symbols and their payouts, or specific awards; the game lines and basic game rules. To navigate among the various screens in the PAYOUTS tab, click on the left and right arrows at the bottom of the screen. RULES In the last of the screens from the PAYOUTS tab, click this button to view detailed game rules, in a new browser window. (in real mode only) This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Click on it to view the gameplay history, in a new browser window. This button can be found in the PAYOUTS screen, in the BET settings screen and in the AUTO SPIN screen (available only for specific jurisdictions). Click on it to close the game and to open the home website, in the same browser window. (available while the reels are spinning) Click this button to stop the reels earlier. (available during winning animations) Click this button to skip the winning animations. (available only for specific jurisdictions) Click this button to activate Turbo mode. The Turbo mode speeds up the gameplay - the spin time is reduced to a minimum. 5. Auto spin feature The loss limit setting allows stopping the auto spin feature automatically when the selected limit, plus your cumulative winnings, and minus your cumulative bets, is less than 0. 5.1. Desktop version Click the AUTO SPIN button to open the AUTO SPIN settings window where you can set up the following: Number of auto spins : click + or - to select the number of auto spins to play. Loss limit : click + or - to select the value of the loss limit; Stop if a win reaches : click + or - to select the value of the maximum win; Stop if JACKPOT is won (only for games with Progressive Jackpots): to enable this setting, tick the checkbox ; to disable it, remove the tick. Click the ACTIVATE button to close the AUTO SPIN settings window and to start the auto spin feature with the currently selected bet and auto spin setup. Click the CLOSE button to close the window without starting the auto spin feature. Click the STOP AUTO SPIN button to stop the auto spin feature at any time. 5.2. Mobile version Tap the AUTO SPIN button to open the AUTO SPIN settings window where you can set up the following: Number of auto spins : tap + or - to select the number of auto spins to play. Loss limit : tap + or - to select the value of the loss limit; Stop if a win reaches : tap + or - to select the value of the maximum win; Stop if JACKPOT is won (only for games with Progressive Jackpots): to enable this setting, tick the checkbox ; to disable it, remove the tick. Tap the ACTIVATE button to close the SPIN settings window and to start the auto spin feature with the currently selected bet and auto spin setup. Tap the CLOSE button to close the window without starting the auto spin feature. Tap the STOP AUTO SPIN button to stop the auto spin feature at any time. Last modification date: 6/22/2023