15 Lanterns Game Objective: 15 Lanterns is a 5x3 reel with 20 fixed paylines slot game. Symbols pay from left to right, when 3 or more identical symbols appear adjacent to one another on each payline. Game has Lantern symbols which float upwards after landing and turning the symbols above into Lanterns thereby increasing the chances of Lantern wins. 3 Free Spins symbols will trigger Free Spins Feature. During the Free Spins round player has choice to select any one of the 4 options available. How to play: Setting 'BETS': When player enter the game, a default bet is set. Player can change the bet value by clicking the + or - buttons either side of the BET meter in desktop and by tapping hamburger menu and changing the bet meter in mobile. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount wagered on the previous spin. Just click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. MAX BET: Click on ‘MAX BET’ to select the maximum possible bet. If player balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled. Spin: The SPIN button in the middle starts the game in desktop. The SPIN button is at the bottom of the game screen in portrait mode and at the right side of the game screen in landscape mode in mobile. Paytable: The Paytable can be viewed by clicking on the ‘ i ’ button located above the bet panel. Player can go back to the game by clicking on the down arrow on the Paytable scree. Paytable in mobile can be viewed by tapping on the hamburger menu and selecting the Paytable option. Volume: The volume icon will play the game music. Click on the volume icon to mute the volume. Credits: After placing the desired bet remaining game balance is shown under ‘BALANCE’. Player current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the ‘BALANCE’ meter and the 'BET' meter. Game balance is shown at the bottom of the game screen. 'AUTOSPIN': Select the AUTOSPIN for hands-free play. To make use of the Auto spin feature, click on the 'AUTOSPIN' button in the bottom of the game screen. When the auto spin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Select from the drop-down menu where applicable. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Similarly, click on stop auto spin button to stop the AUTOSPIN feature and return to the game screen. The available options under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will spin for the number of rotations selected from the slider menu. You can choose a maximum of 1000 spins and play until your balance is more than the total bet placed. Spin till Win equals or exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the win amount equals or exceeds the amount entered in the numeric text box. Spin till feature trigger: The game will automatically spin until the next feature is triggered. When playing with multiple options and conditions selected, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be disabled. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again or opt for new option(s) and proceed with the game play 'AUTO SPIN' option will be disabled in the demo mode. Game Settings: To make use of Game Settings, click on the ‘settings button’ at the bottom of the game screen in between Paytable and Sound icons. Volume: Players can set the volume of the sound effects and ambience by sliding using the volume button. Sound effects: Toggle between On / Off to enable or disable the game win animation sounds. Ambience sound: Toggle between On / Off to enable or disable the game background sound. Quick spin: By checking this option, game play is faster than the regular spin and for UK player this option will be in disabled mode. Space bar to spin: By checking this option, the space bar can be used to trigger a spin. This option stays disabled if the intro video is not available for a game. Mobile Options: Tap the Hamburger Menu Icon to view options such as the Paytable, bet settings, auto spin, settings “i” button and Cashier in mobile. Tap the Home option to navigate back to lobby screen. Tap the Paytable option to view Paytable screen. Tap back button to go back to the game play. Tap the Volume icon to play the game music and vice versa. Tap the ‘ $’ option to navigate to deposit screen. GAME RULES: 15 Lanterns is a 5x3 reel slot game with 20 fixed paylines. SPIN begins the game with the currently selected BET. Bet values can be changed by clicking on the ‘+’ and ‘-’ buttons. All symbol wins are multiplied by the amount Bet Per line except for Lantern and Free Spins symbols. Free Spin symbol wins are multiplied by the amount total BET. All symbols pay from left to right, starting from left-most reel in consecutive order on a payline including Reel 1 except for Free Spins and Lantern symbols. Payouts are paid according to the Paytable. Only the highest win amount on each payline is paid. Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except for Free Spins and Lantern symbols. All pays are shown in USD currency. Wild symbol payout will take precedence over symbol payout if Wild payout is higher than the symbol payout. Free Spins symbol appear only on 2,3 and 4 reels in both Main game and Free Spins and will not appear on Reels 1 and 5 in both Main game and Free Spins. Free Spins Feature triggers when 3 Free Spins symbols appear on reels 2,3 and 4. Coinciding wins on different lines are all added to your total win. Free Spins and Lantern symbol wins are added to other payline wins. Free Spins Symbols and Lantern Symbols are scatters and pay anywhere in reel view. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The theoretical return to player of this game excluding jackpot is 91.877%. The theoretical return to player of this game including jackpot is 94.881%. Lantern Feature: Lantern symbols when appearing on the middle or bottom of the reel view during main game or Free Spins Feature game, will float up the reel and fill their above corresponding reel positions with Lanterns. After Lanterns float up above the reels, payouts for Lantern symbols available on reel view will be paid. All line wins (if any) will be paid before Lanterns float up and added after Lantern wins (provided there are enough lantern symbols for paying after floating up) will be added to player balance. Free Spins Feature: Free spins are played with the same bet as of the triggering spin. Free Spins can be re-triggered and will award same number of Free Spins and multiplier as initially selected. During Free Spins Feature, Free Spin multipliers are not applicable to the lantern wins. Free Spin symbol wins are multiplied by total bet amount and the multiplier awarded in Free Spins. Line wins are multiplied by the Free Spin multiplier selected. Golden Lantern: Golden Lantern will appear only in Free Spins when the player selects ‘3 Free Spins with 3 Multiplier and Golden Lantern’ option. Golden Lantern symbols will appear only on reels 1 or 5 during Free Spins and will not appear on reels 2, 3 and 4. Golden Lantern will act as both Wild and Lantern symbol to award winnings to the player. Lanterns will be stacked up and Lantern payout will be awarded based on the number of Lanterns appear, including Lantern symbol and Golden Lantern after floating up. Golden Lantern Symbol substitutes for all symbols except Free Spins symbol. Payouts will be awarded if enough symbols are available in the reel view to award the win after Golden Lanterns floats up. All Lantern wins are added to other payline wins. Golden Lanterns will not appear during main game. Golden Lantern symbols acts as stacked wild and covers all positions on a reel. 3 Free Spins symbols appearing on reels 2,3 and 4 during main game activates the Free Spins Feature. Player can select one option from following four available options: 32 Free Spins with 1 Multiplier 16 Free Spins with 2 Multiplier 8 Free Spins with 4 Multiplier 3 Free Spins with 3 Multiplier and Golden Lantern. JACKPOT RULES : The Big One jackpot can be triggered anytime, either during normal spin, auto spin or after the Free Spins Feature game. When player hits a jackpot, game screen then moves to jackpot screen where a Jackpot wheel with list of jackpot names is available. Win amounts for the current jackpot spin are mentioned in the Jackpot table. There are 5 different jackpots, each of which has a unique color. All five jackpots are shown on the wheel. By clicking on the SPIN button, the wheel rotates and stops on any one jackpot name and the respective jackpot amount is awarded. Big One Jackpots have two pools for each jackpot tier, current instance pool and reserve pool During game play a % of the total bet (mentioned below) is contributed towards both the pools Jackpot Name Initial Seed (USD) Instance Contribution % Reserve Contribution % The Big One Colossal Cash $1,000,000.00 0.964% 1.25% The Big One Mega Cash $ 10,000.00 0.1% 0.125% The Big One Super Cash $750.00 0.03% 0.015% The Big One Quick Cash $200.00 0.1% 0.1% The Big One Blitz Cash $40.00 0.12% 0.2% Each jackpot starts with initial seed amount. Initial Jackpot seed is funded by “The House”, and the subsequent instances are funded from reserve pool, the amount accumulated in reserve pool becomes the next seed. Big One jackpots are played across multiple games and all games have equal probability of winning the jackpot. A jackpot instance can only won by one player, and this applies for all Jackpot tiers. In-case of network disconnections during the Jackpot wheel feature, jackpot win will be credited to player account balance automatically. The jackpot is triggered randomly. Any bet is eligible for the jackpot. The more you wager the higher the chances of hitting the jackpot. The number of spins awarded in jackpot screen equals the number of jackpots awarded. Only real money play will contribute to the jackpot amount. Jackpot contributions and triggering will not be applicable for games played on "play for fun/demo" mode. The maximum jackpot amount player can get from each of the above jackpot is 10,000,000 USD. Jackpot Contribution/RTP is 3.004%. Browser Button Panel Commands: Click on History to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on “ Rules ” button to view the detailed rules of the game as web page. Click on ' Deposit ' button to deposit to your account. Click on ‘ Real Money/Demo ’ to switch to real-money or demo mode. The “ History ” functionality is applicable only for the real money game play. Return to the player: The theoretical return to player of this game excluding jackpot is 91.874%. The theoretical return to player of this game including jackpot is 94.878%. FAQ’s: 1. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'History' button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected in the middle of the feature round or in middle of Lantern expansion, you will be prompted to complete it after logging back in. After completing the game, you can continue game play, or you can select another game of your choice. 2.What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Click on ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit. 3. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Service team.