15 Festive Crackers Game Objective: 15 Festive Crackers is a 5x3 reel with 20 fixed paylines slot game. Symbols pay from left to right, when 3 or more identical symbols appear adjacent to one another on each payline. The game has unique Crackers symbol which float upwards on landing, turning the symbols above into more Crackers, increasing the chance of Crackers wins. FREE SPINS symbols will trigger the FESTIVE FREE SPINS. During the FESTIVE FREE SPINS round player selects one of the 4 options available with different volatility. How to play: Setting 'BETS': When player enter the game, a default bet is set. Player can change the bet value by clicking the + or - buttons either side of the BET icon in desktop and mobile. Onclicking the Bet icon, selection window will pop out, player can select the desired bet in between Min and Max bets. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount wagered on the previous spin. Just click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. Spin: The SPIN button in the right middle starts the game in desktop. The SPIN button is at the bottom of the game screen in portrait mode and at the right side of the game screen in landscape mode in mobile. Paytable: ThePaytablecan be viewed by tapping on hamburger menu and selecting the Paytable option. You can go back to the game by clicking on theclose icon. Volume: The volume icon will play the game music. Click on the volume icon to mute the volume. Credits: After placing the desired bet, the remaining game balance is shown under ‘BALANCE’. Player current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the ‘BALANCE’ meter and the 'BET' meter. Game balance is shown at the bottom of the game screen. Mobile Options: Tap theHamburgerMenu icon to view Paytable and Game Rules. Tapthe ‘i’ icon to viewGame Rules. TapthePaytableoption to viewPaytablescreen. Tapthe close icon to go back to the game play . GAME RULES: 15 Festive Crackers is a 5x3 Reel, 20 fixed lines slot game. Pressing SPIN begins the game with the currently selected BET. Bet values can be changed by clicking on ‘+’ and ‘-’ buttons. The Paytable will always show the win amount for the currently selected bet and 20 fixed lines. All symbols pay from left to right, starting from left-most reel in consecutive order except for FREE SPINS symbol and Crackers symbols. Payouts are paid according to the Paytable. Only the highest win amount on each payline is paid. Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except for FREE SPINS symbol and Crackers symbols. Wild symbol payout will take precedence over symbol payout if Wild payout is higher than the symbol payout. FREE SPINS symbol appears only on reels 2,3 and 4 in both base game and FESTIVE FREE SPINS. FESTIVE FREE SPINS triggers when 3 FREE SPINS symbols appear anywhere on reels 2,3 and 4 and symbol pays according to the paytable. In the base game and FESTIVE FREE SPINS, FREE SPINS symbols wins will be added to other line wins. If FESTIVE FREE SPINS and CRACKER CASH CLIMBER is triggered in a single spin, then CRACKER CASH CLIMBER will take precedence. The maximum win amount in this game is capped to 250,000 EUR or its equivalent currency during base game or FESTIVE FREE SPINS game. The game will be terminated when the maximum win amount is reached. Win animations can be skipped by clicking anywhere or by pressing the spacebar (Desktop). Logging into your account on the desktop website and selecting the option “Game logs” inside any game will allow you to access your game play history. The theoretical return to player of this game excluding jackpot is 91.29%. The theoretical return to player of this game including jackpot is 94.29%. Coinciding wins on different lines are all added to your balance. FREE SPINS symbols wins are multiplied by the total bet amount. FREE SPINS Symbol and Cracker symbol wins are added to other payline wins. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. FESTIVE FREE SPINS: FREE SPINS symbol appears on reels 2,3,4 during base game activates the FESTIVE FREE SPINS. Player can select one option from following four available options: 32 FESTIVE FREE SPINS with 1 Multiplier 16 FESTIVE FREE SPINS with 2 Multiplier 8 FESTIVE FREE SPINS with 4 Multiplier 3 FESTIVE FREE SPINS with 3 Multiplier and Golden Cracker FESTIVE FREE SPINS are played with the same bet as the triggering spin. FESTIVE FREE SPINS can be re-triggered and will award the same number of FREE SPINS as initially selected. During FESTIVE FREE SPINS, FREE SPINS Multipliers are not applicable to the Cracker symbol wins. FREE SPINS symbol wins are multiplied by the Multiplier awarded in FREE SPINS. Line wins are multiplied by the Multiplier selected. GOLDEN CRACKER: Golden Cracker symbols only appear in FESTIVE FREE SPINS when the player selects 3 FREE SPINS with 3 Multiplier featuring Golden Cracker option. The Golden Cracker will appear on either reel 1 or 5 during FREE SPINS. Golden Cracker symbol acts as both Wild symbol and normal Cracker symbols and are always stacked. The Golden Cracker symbol substitutes for all symbols except for FREE SPINS symbol. Cracker wins are added to other payline wins after the feature round has been completed. Golden Cracker does not appear during the base game. CRACKER CASH CLIMBER: Cracker symbols land on the middle or bottom position of the reel view during the base game or FESTIVE FREE SPINS game, will float up above the reel and fill their above corresponding reel positions with Cracker. Six or more Cracker in view will be added to the win ladder after any regular winnings have been awarded, both will be paid at the end of the game. The player will then have 3 shots to move up the win ladder. Player needs to click on SHOOT button to use a shot. If a shot is successful, the position on the win ladder moves up by 1 and the shot counter is reset to 3. If all three shots are used or the player reaches the top of the ladder the final value shown is added to total win meter shown below reel set. CRACKER CASH CLIMBER will not be triggered if 15 Cracker appear on reel view. CRACKER CASH CLIMBER will be triggered in base game as well as FREE SPIN. After the Cracker floats up above the reels, Payouts for Cracker available on reel view will be paid according to the ladder Values mentioned in the Game UI. JACKPOT RULES : The Big one Jackpot can be triggered either in base game, during AUTOPLAY(if applicable) or after feature game(s) The main screen then changes to Jackpot screen after the user has won Jackpot game in which all the Jackpots and their values are listed on the right-side area and a wheel is displayed on the left side area. There are 5 different Jackpots, each of which has a unique color. All five Jackpots are shown on the wheel. By clicking on the SPIN button, the wheel rotates and stops on a color and the respective Jackpot is awarded. You can see the current values of all five Jackpots on the base game screen. Big One Jackpots have two pools for each Jackpot tier, current instance pool and reserve pool. During game play a % of the total bet (mentioned below) is contributed towards both the pools. Jackpot Name InitialSeed(CAD) Instance Contribution % Reserve Contribution % The Big One Colossal Cash C$ 320,000 0.564% 1.6% The Big One Mega Cash C$ 10,000 0.1% 0.125% The Big One Super Cash C$ 750 0.08% 0.015% The Big One Quick Cash C$ 200 0.1% 0.1% The Big One Blitz Cash C$ 40 0.12% 0.2% Each Jackpot starts with initial seed amount. Initial Jackpot seed is funded by “The House”, and the subsequent instances are funded from reserve pool, the amount accumulated in reserve pool becomes the next seed. Big One Jackpots are played across multiple games and all games have equal probability of winning the Jackpot. A Jackpot instance can only be won by one player, and this applies for all Jackpot tiers. In-case of network disconnections during the Jackpot wheel feature, Jackpot win will be credited to player account balance automatically. The Jackpot is triggered randomly. The number of spins awarded in Jackpot screen equals the number of Jackpots awarded. Only real money play will contribute to the Jackpot amount. Jackpot contributions and triggering will not be applicable for games played on play for fun/demo mode. Jackpot Contribution/RTP is 3.004%. Browser Button Panel Commands: Click on Game Rules to view the detailed rules of the game as a web page. Click on Game Logs to view the logs of the game’s player have played. Click on Real/Play to switch between real-money or play-money mode. Click on the Deposit button to deposit money into player account. The Game Logs functionality is applicable only for real-money game play. Return to the player: The theoretical return to player of this game excluding Jackpot is 91.29%. The theoretical return to player of this game including Jackpot is 94.29%. FAQ’s: I could not complete the game. What should I do? If the player get disconnected in the middle of the game, the software will automatically complete play for you. Players will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game logs' button once you have logged back in. If Player gets disconnected in the middle of feature round, player will be asked to complete the unfinished game once player logged back. 2. What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Click on ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit. 3. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Service team Last modification date: 11/16/2023