25c Roulette Game Objective: The objective of the game is to accurately guess the outcome of the roulette spin (whether the right number or the right group). Roulette is played using a wheel with 37 numbered slots (1-36, plus a 0), a ball and a layout upon which the player may place bets covering a single number or groups of numbers. After the player places the desired bets, the ball is spun around the wheel and will come to rest in one of the numbered slots, indicating the winning number/ group. How to play: Place chips on the table by selecting the position on the table that represent the bet you wish to place. Chips are worth 0.25.Based on selecting the same bet over and over again, chips increments are like: 0.25 chips are placed until bet value reaches 1.Chip value will increase 1 until bet value reaches 15 at which point chip value worth 5 increments until bet value reaches 50.Chip value will increase 10 until bet value reaches 200 at which point chip value worth 50 until bet value reaches 1000.Chip value then increments 100 for any more bets. All possible bet types are defined in Paytable section. You may place as many bets as you like, depending on the type of bets or the maximum table limit. To remove a chip from the table, tap on CLEAR ALL BETS or CLEAR LAST BET buttons. Information on your available game balance and total amount bet is shown. Once you have finished placing your bets, spin the wheel by tapping on the ‘ BET ’ button. When the ball comes to rest, the winning number is highlighted on the wheel. When you hit the BET or REPEAT BET , the ball will spin on the wheel. The win amount is calculated as per the Paytable given, and your winnings are shown in a Win meter which comes up when there is a win. This win amount is added to the game balance. After the ball stops, the number will be displayed over the spinning wheel. The last 10 winning numbers are shown in the top part of the screen in desktop and mobile landscape and last 5 winning numbers in left part of the screen in mobile portrait, with the most recent outcomes to the right in desktop and mobile landscape and bottom in mobile portrait. After the game finishes, the default chip size for the new game remains the same as your previous bet. If you want to place a new bet, tap on the desired betting spots and place the bet. To repeat the same bet, tap the REPEAT BET button. To repeat the same bet and spin the wheel, tap the REPEAT BET & click on BET button. Neighbors : There is the ability to place continuous bets by pressing on ‘NEIGHBORS’ button on the bottom of the screen. Tap on the HELP button below the game screen to view the game rules. To switch on or off sound in the game, tap on Sound button that is located at the right top corner of the screen in the game menu. There is the ability to enable/disable ‘drag to bet’ feature in the game through MENU button below the game screen. When the player wins, bet amount plus the payout amount is paid Coinciding wins resulting from different bet types are also paid. Bet Limits: There is a maximum bet limit for each type of bet, as well as an overall table maximum limit. Table Min limit- The total amounts of bets placed before each spin must be greater than or equal-to the Minimum bet requirements posted on the table. Table Maximum limit - The total amount of bets placed before each spin must be less-than or equal-to the Maximum bet requirements posted on the table. Maximum bet limit for each type of bet is described in table below: Bet Opportunity Maximum Bet Straight 250 CAD Split 500 CAD Street 750 CAD Corner 1000 CAD 6-line 1500 CAD Column/dozen 3000 CAD Even chances 4500 CAD Browser Button Panel Commands: Click on Game Rules to view the detailed rules of the game as web page. Click on Game logs to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on Real /Play to switch between real-money or play-money mode. Click on Star to add or remove game from your favorites. Click on the Deposit button to deposit money into your account. The Game logs functionality is applicable only for the real-money game play. Statistics window: Game Statistics enable you to view your previous results. The statistics window displays the last 5 results. The statistics window indicates red results with numbers in red square, black results with numbers in black square and result of 0 in green square. Game Statistics are device specific. Paytable: When the player wins, bet amount plus the payout amount is paid. Coinciding wins resulting from different bet types are also paid. Bet Type Covers Description Pay out Straight 1 number A bet placed directly on any single number (including 0). 35:1 Split 2 numbers A bet between any two adjacent numbers by placing the chip on the line between them. 17:1 Street 3 numbers A bet placed at the bottom of a column of 3 numbers. Bets placed on ‘0, 1, 2’, ‘0, 2, 3’ are also considered to be street bets. 11:1 Corner bet or Square bet or Quarter bet 4 numbers A bet placed on the corner where any four numbers meet covers all four numbers. 8:1 Topline 4 numbers A bet placed between the adjacent streets of "zero" and "1". This bet covers four numbers: 0,1, 2, and 3. 8:1 Line 6 numbers A bet placed at the bottom of two streets, on the line between them. A line bet covers all the numbers in either street, for a total of six. 5:1 Dozen 12 numbers A bet placed in one of the boxes marked ‘1st 12’, ‘2nd 12’ or ‘3rd 12’, which each cover 12 numbers. 2:1 Column 12 numbers A bet is places at the end of the layout in any of the boxes marked ‘2 to 1’ and covers the 12 number is a row. 2:1 Red Black Even Odd 1 to 18 19 to 36 18 numbers A bet placed in one of the six boxes at the bottom of the layout covers half of the numbers on the board, as described in that box. The 0 is not covered by any of these boxes. Each box covers 18 numbers. 1:1 Red/black, Even/odd, 1-18/ 19-36, and the ball falls in the 0 slot. 18 numbers A bet placed in one of the six boxes at the sides of the layout covers half of the numbers on the board, as described in that box. The 0 is not covered by any of these boxes. Each box covers 18 numbers. No Payout Game Options: Help: To view the artwork game rules of the game. Sound: To switch on or off game sounds. Settings: To access Drag to Bet settings. Settings: Drag to bet: To enable/disable ‘drag to bet’ feature in the game. Return to the Player: The theoretical return to player of this game is at least 97.30%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Game History: Detailed game play history can be accessed by logging into your account on the desktop or mobile website and choosing menu “Game logs”. Adding Funds to your Account: To add funds to your account, click on Deposit in My Account then select the desired deposit option. The time taken to transfer funds and the fees charged will vary depending on which deposit option you choose. Funds can only be added at the beginning of a new game. What do I do if I reach my betting limits? To add funds to your account, click on the “DEPOSIT” button in the browser common panel, then select the desired deposit option. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If your game is disconnected during play, new game will be restored, and you can view the result of the last game by accessing "Game logs" tab in Desktop. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team.