25P ROULETTE Game Objective: The objective of the game is to accurately guess the outcome of the Roulette spin (whether the right number or the right group). Roulette is played using a wheel with 37 numbered slots (1-36, plus a 0), a ball and a layout upon which the player may place bets covering a single number or groups of numbers. After the player places the desired bets, the ball is spun around the wheel and will come to rest in one of the numbered slots, indicating the winning number/ group. How to play: Place chips on the table by selecting the position on the table that represent the bet you wish to place. Chips are worth 0.25. Based on selecting the same bet over and over again, chips increments are as follows: 0.25 chips are placed until bet value reaches 1. The Chip value will increase by 1 until the bet value reaches 15, at which point the chip value will increase in increments of 5 until the bet value reaches 50. The chip value will increase by 10 until the bet value reaches 200, at which point the chip value will be worth 50 until the bet value reaches 1,000. The chip value will then then increase in increments of 100 for any more bets. All possible bet types are defined in paytable section. You may place as many bets as you like, depending on the type of bets or the maximum table limit. To remove a chip from the table, click on the CLEAR ALL BETS or CLEAR LAST BET buttons. Information on your available game balance and total amount bet is shown. Once you have finished placing your bets, spin the wheel by clicking on the ‘ BET ’ button. When the ball comes to rest, the winning number is highlighted on the wheel. When you hit BET , the ball will spin on the wheel. The win amount is calculated as per the paytable given and your winnings are shown in a win metre which comes up when there is a win. This win amount is added to the game balance. After the ball stops, the number will be displayed over the spinning wheel. The last 10 winning numbers are shown in the top part of the screen in desktop and mobile landscape and last 5 winning numbers in left part of the screen in mobile portrait, with the most recent outcomes to the right in desktop and mobile landscape and bottom in mobile portrait. To repeat the same bet, click on the REPEAT BET button. To repeat the same bet and spin the wheel, click on the REPEAT BET & click on BET button. Neighbours : There is the possibility to place continuous bets by clicking on ‘NEIGHBORS table', which is available at the bottom of the screen. Click on the HELP button below the game screen to view the game rules. To switch on or off sound in the game, click on the Sound button that is located at the right top corner of the screen in the game menu. There is the ability to enable/disable ‘drag to bet’ feature in the game through MENU button below the game screen. Turbo-mode: There is the ability to turn off/on animation in the game through MENU button below the game screen and for UK players this option will be in disable mode. Bet Limits: There is a maximum bet limit for each type of bet, as well as an overall table maximum limit. Table minimum limit - the total amounts of bets placed before each spin must be more than or equal to 0.25Pence/0.25Cents. Table maximum limit - the total amount of bets placed before each spin must be less than or equal to the maximum bet requirements posted on the table. Maximum bet limit for each type of bet is described in table below: Bet Opportunity Maximum Bet Straight 250 USD/EURO/GBP Split 500 USD/EURO/GBP Street 750 USD/EURO/GBP Corner 1000 USD/EURO/GBP 6-line 1500 USD/EURO/GBP Column/dozen 3000 USD/EURO/GBP Even chances 4,500 USD/EURO/GBP Neighbours Table: The neighbours table view can be accessed by clicking on the NEIGHBOURS table which is shown in left corner below the main game table. Neighbour bet places the bet on 2 numbers either side of a selected number. The numbers on the neighbours table are laid out in the same order as on Roulette wheel. Example: If a bet is placed on 0, individual bets worth 0.25 will be placed on 0, 3, 15, 26 and 32. The Roulette Wheel: Clicking on SPIN after making a bet will spin the ball in the Roulette wheel. The wheel is spun in one direction i.e. clockwise and a ball is spun on the wheel in the opposite direction. The ball will land in one of the slots. If the ball lands in a slot you bet on, you will win a payout according to your bet. This win amount is added to the game balance. Browser Button Panel Commands: Click on Game Rules to view the detailed rules of the game as web page. Click on Game Logs to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on Responsible Gaming to open Responsible Gaming page. Click on Real/Play to switch to real- or play-money mode. Click on Deposit button to deposit money into your account. Statistics window: Game statistics enable you to view your previous results. The statistics window displays the last 10 results in desktop and landscape modes and last 5 results in portrait mode. The statistics window indicates red results with numbers in red, black results with numbers in black and result of 0 in green. The last winning number will be shown in black box with an arrow shown in “Last Number”. Paytable: Bet Description Pay out Straight A bet placed directly on any single number. 35:1 Split A bet between any two adjacent numbers by placing the chip on the line between them. 17:1 Street A bet placed at the end of any row of numbers, covering three numbers. Basket Bets placed on ‘0, 1, 2’, ‘0, 2, 3’ are also considered to be street bets. 11:1 Corner bet or square bet or quarter bet A bet placed on the corner where any four numbers meet covers all four numbers. 8:1 Topline A bet placed between the adjacent streets of "zero" and "1". This bet covers four numbers: 0,1, 2, and 3. 8:1 Line A bet placed at the end of two streets, on the line between them. A line bet covers all six numbers in the streets. 5:1 Dozen A bet placed in one of the boxes marked ‘1st 12’, ‘2nd 12’ or ‘3rd 12’, which each cover 12 numbers. 2:1 Column A bet placed in one of the boxes marked ‘2 to 1’ at the bottom of the layout, each covering 12 numbers per column. 2:1 Red Black Even Odd 1 to 18 19 to 36 A bet placed in one of the six boxes at the sides of the layout covers half of the nonzero numbers on the board, as described in that box. The 0 is not covered by any of these boxes. Each box covers 18 numbers. 1:1 Game Options: Help: To view the artwork game rules of the game. Sound: To switch on or off game sounds. Settings: To access Turbo Mode and Drag to Bet settings. Settings: Turbo Mode: To turn off/on animation in the game. Drag to bet: To enable/disable ‘drag to bet’ feature in the game. Return to the Player: The theoretical return to player of this game is at least 97.30%. The maximum win amount possible for the game is 37200 USD/EURO/GBP or its equivalent amount in your currency. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Game History: Detailed game play history can be accessed by logging into your account on the desktop website and choosing menu “Game logs”. Adding funds to your account: To add funds to your account, click on Deposit and select the desired deposit option. The time taken to transfer funds and the fees charged will vary depending on which deposit option you choose. Funds can only be added at the beginning of a new game. What do I do if I reach my betting limits? To add funds to your account, click on the “DEPOSIT” button in the browser common panel, then select the desired deposit option. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If your game is disconnected during game play, the new game will be restored not the current game when you connect back again and you can check the current game details in game logs. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Service team. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000