88 Coins Game Objective: 88 Coins is a five reel, "All Ways Slot” game with 243 possible ways to win in the main game as well as free spins. Symbols pay from left to right in consecutive combinations (Ways), including reel 1. The Scattered Tortoise symbols will be paid with the total bet. When three or more Scattered tortoise symbols appear anywhere in view, Free Spins feature is triggered. The free spins feature can be re-triggered within free spins. The Coins symbols appears only on reels 2, 3 and 4. Pot feature will be triggered randomly when coins are collected to the pot. Wild symbol substitutes for all other symbols, except for Scattered Tortoise and Coins symbols. How to play: Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet is set. You can change the bet value by clicking the + or - buttons either side of the BET VALUE meter. Total bet is BET VALUE multiplied by the no of credits selected by the player. MAX BET: Click on ‘MAX BET’ to select the maximum possible bet. If your balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled. Paytable: The paytable can be viewed by clicking on the ‘ i ’ button located in a panel above the bet panel. The prizes displayed in the paytable are win amount for the symbol appearances on reel view. You can go back to the game by clicking on the X on the paytable screen. Spin: The SPIN button in the bottom center starts the game. Volume: The volume icon will play the game music. Click on the Volume icon to mute the volume. CREDITS: Your remaining game balance after you have placed the desired bet is shown in ‘BALANCE’ meter i.e. the current game balance minus the total bet placed. 'AUTOSPIN': Select the AUTOSPIN for hands-free play. The available options are: Number of spins: The game will spin for the number of rotations selected from the slider menu. Player can choose a maximum of 1000 spins and play until your balance is more than the total bet placed. Spin till Win equals or exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the win amount is equals or exceeds the amount entered. Spin till feature trigger: The game will automatically spin until the next feature is triggered. To make use of the Auto spin feature, click on the 'AUTOSPIN' button in the bottom of the game screen. When the Auto spin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Select from the drop-down menu where applicable. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Similarly, click on Stop Auto spin button to stop the AUTO SPIN feature and return to the game screen. When playing with multiple options and conditions selected, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be disabled. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again or opt for new option(s) and proceed with the game. 'AUTO SPIN' option will be disabled in the demo mode. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount you wagered on the previous spin. Just click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. ­To change your bet, increase or decrease the Bet shown on the game screen. Credits: After you have placed the desired bet, your remaining game balance is shown under ‘BALANCE’. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the ‘BALANCE’ meter and the 'BET' meter. Your game balance is shown at the bottom of the game screen. Game Settings: To make use of Game Settings, click on the ‘settings button’ at the bottom of the game screen in between Paytable and Sound icons. Volume: Players can set the volume of the sound effects and ambience by sliding using the volume button. Sound effects: Toggle between On / Off to enable or disable the game win animation sounds. Ambience sound: Toggle between On / Off to enable or disable the game background sound. Quick spin: By checking this option, game play is faster than the regular spin and for UK player this option will be in disabled mode. Space bar to spin: By checking this option, the space bar can be used to trigger a spin. This option stays disabled if the intro video is not available for a game. The reel structure numbering for winning combinations in main game and free spin game is as below: Main game: 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 Free spin game: 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 If two of the same symbols appear on reel 1 and 2, followed by three of that symbol appears on reel 3 in different rows, the way win does not pay for 5 of that symbol combination together. Instead, it will pay for 3 separate way wins using those 3 of the same symbols appearing on reel 3. e.g. If symbol nine lands on reel 1 and 2, and 3 x nine symbols land on reel 3, there will be three different way wins for the symbol nine. Each way would be a win with three consecutive occurrences of the symbol nine. The reel positions for the symbol nine way wins will be as below: 0, 1, 2 0, 1, 7 0, 1, 12 Way wins are multiplied by BET VALUE. The Scattered tortoise symbols are multiplied by total bet. There are 243 possible ways to win in the main game as well as free spins. Game Rules: 88 Coins is a five-reel, no paylines and "All Ways" slot game with 243 possible ways to win. Click on SPIN button to begin the game with the currently selected BET & Double Symbols (credits). BET VALUE amount can be changed by using the ‘-‘and ‘+’ buttons.. All wins, except jackpots, are paid according to the Paytable. Only the highest win on each possible way will be paid. Jackpots wins are paid as shown. All symbols pay from left to right in any position on adjacent reels, starting from left-most reel except Scatter symbols which pay anywhere in view. Golden Tortoise is the scatter symbol. Way wins, Scatter wins and jackpots wins are added. 3 or more scatter symbols appearing anywhere in the reel view will trigger free spins feature. All possible winning combinations are added to your total. Scatter symbols appearing during free spins will re-trigger the free spins feature. Wild symbol substitutes for all other symbols except scatter and Coin symbols. Wild symbol appears only on reels 1,2,3,4 and will not appear on reel 5 in both Main Game and Free Spins. Paytable will always show the win amount for the currently selected bet value. The maximum win in this game is capped to 250,000 USD during main game or Free spins or Pot feature. Pot feature win will also be added for this maximum win. Further Free spins or wins or pot feature wins will be forfeited if the highest win is reached during the free spins. All pays are shown in USD currency. The theoretical return to player of this game ranges from 95.05% to 96.26% based on coins chosen. Only highest scatter payout will be awarded. The min bet is $0.08 and the max bet is $88.00 . Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Double symbols: Double symbols are activated depending on the credits staked. Selecting 1 Double symbol activates Cracker double symbol. 2 Double symbols activate Cracker and Drum double symbols. 3 Double symbols activate Cracker, Drum and Lantern double symbols. 4 Double symbols activate Cracker, Drum, Lantern and Lotus Double symbols 5 Double symbols activate Cracker, Drum, Lantern, Lotus and8 Double symbols. De-activated double symbols will not appear on the spin reel set. If player gets 5 of a kind Double symbols left to right in any position on adjacent reels starting from left most reel, player will be awarded with 10 of a kind payout. For example if 2 Double symbols of Lotus and a normal symbol of Lotus appear on the reel set, then 5 of a kind Lotus symbol payout will be awarded even though symbols appear only on 3 reels. Similarly if we have 1 double symbol on reel 1 and 1 normal symbol on reel2 then 3 of a kind payout will be paid for the player. Wild is considered as a single symbol when substituted with the double symbols. The maximum win player can get through the double symbols is 10 of a kind. Free spins Feature: 3 or more scattered Golden Tortoise symbols appearing anywhere in reel view will trigger 10 free spins to the player. Free spins are played only with high paying symbols along with Wild symbol. Symbols A, K, Q, J, 10, 9 will not appear during the free spins. Free spins are played with the same BET and double symbols which are selected during the scatter triggering spin from main game. Free spins can be retriggered during free spins and 10 more free spins will be awarded to the player. 88 Coins Pot Feature: The special coins symbol adds to the jar above the reels. The pot is triggered randomly after any coin add, but the more coins in the jar the higher the chance of activating the feature. Coins symbols appears only on reels 2,3 and 4 on both base game and free spins feature. More pots are activated depending on the amount of credits staked. Player selecting 88 Credits activate GRAND, MAJOR, MINOR and MINI Jackpots. 68 Credits activate MAJOR, MINOR and MINI jackpots. 38 Credits activate MINOR and MINI jackpots. 18 Credits activate MINI jackpots. Jackpots will be disabled when player is playing with 8 credits. The pot value increases depending on the Bet value($) selected, and not the Double Symbol(credits) selected. Multiple pot features could trigger if 2 or more coins symbols appear on reel view. If player hits the pot feature, then player will be moved to pot screen where 12, “88 coins” symbols are available for player to select. If player selection reveals, Revealing 3 Gold Coins from 88coin symbols award GRAND Jackpot. Revealing 3 Silver Coins from 88coin symbols award MAJOR Jackpot. Revealing 3 Bronze Coins from 88coin symbols award MINOR Jackpot. Revealing 3 Purple Coins from 88coin symbols award MINI Jackpot. Grand, Major, Minor and Mini Jackpots are not funded from player contributions, and this is a game specific jackpot with fixed prize amounts. The pot feature win amount will be added to the total balance after completing the feature. The pot feature will take precedence when free spins and pot feature are triggered on same spin. The pot feature can also be triggered during the free spins. Remaining free spins will continue after completing the pot feature if pot feature is triggered during free spins. Coin Symbols collected to trigger the Pot Feature during gameplay are persistent based on bet value, and, Double Symbol (credits) selected, and are also platform dependent. In-case of network disconnections during the pot feature, win will be credited to player account balance automatically. Browser Button Panel Commands: Click on Rules to view the detailed rules of the game as web page. Click on History to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on Real Money/Demo to switch between real-money or Demo mode. Click on the ‘ Deposit’ button to deposit money into your account. The History functionality is applicable only for the real-money game play. Return to the player: The theoretical return to player of this game ranges from 95.05% to 96.26% based on coins chosen. FAQ’s: 1. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'History' button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected in the middle of the feature round, you will be prompted to complete it after logging back in. After completing the gamble feature, you can continue game play, or you can select another game of your choice. 2.What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Click on ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit. 3. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Service team.