Astonishing Animals Game Objective: Astonishing Animals is a 5x3-reel slot game with 25 fixed paylines. You win based on the combination of the various symbols displayed on the selected winning payline(s). The ‘PAYTABLE’ below shows how much you win for each combination. Game Information: The game is played with 25 fixed number of lines. When you enter the game, a default bet is set. The BET is Number of Fixed lines multiplied by the selected BET/LINE Value. BET VALUE can be changed by using the and buttons. SPIN can be triggered by clicking on the Spin button with the currently selected BET. Payouts are displayed on the PAYTABLE. Payline wins are multiplied by the amount ‘bet per line’ and gets added to other payline wins. The highest win amount is paid on each selected payline. Coinciding wins on different bet lines are all added to your total. All symbols pay from left to right. In the case of a line win with Wild, the win is multiplied by 2. If 5 wilds appear in the reels, the payout for the highest paid symbol will be awarded. If a payline starts with a Wild, only the highest win among Wild or substituted symbols will be paid. The ticker messages will appear at the bottom of game screen. Whenever there is a win, the total BALANCE will update and the amount won in the spin is shown in the WIN bar at the bottom of the game. The game and game rules are identical in both the real-money and play-money modes, except that the Auto spin option will not be available in play-money mode. How to play: Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet value is set for all 25 lines on the slot machine. You can increase the bet value by clicking the button to the right of 'BET VALUE', or you can decrease the bet value by clicking the button to the left. Bet will not get adjusted to the next possible bet, if your balance drops below total bet placed, then click on button shown at the bottom of the game screen. LINES: 25 lines are fixed by default. MAX BET: To play with MAX BET, click on . If your balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled. The number of lines are multiplied by the Bet per Line. The total bet amount is displayed below the 'BET' label, which can be found at the bottom of the game screen. Paytable: The Paytable can be viewed either by clicking the button located in bottom of the game screen beside Game Settings and Sound icons or by clicking button on the left side of the game screen. You can go back to the game by clicking on the button on the Paytable screen or the area outside of Paytable screen. Spin: Click on SPIN icon to start spinning the reels. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines will be paid according to the Paytable. Result: Wins are indicated by yellow colour boxes and animated symbols inside it, with the total win amount being shown at the bottom of the screen below 'WIN'. Volume: icon will play the game music. Click on icon will mute the volume . AUTO SPIN: You can use this feature to choose all or any of the various options for 'hands free' game play. The available options under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will spin for the number of rotations selected on the slider menu. You can choose a maximum of 1,000 spins and play until your balance is more than the total bet placed. For UKGC users, the number of spins available will be 100. Spin till Win equals or exceeds: The game will spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount entered in the numeric text box. Spin till Loss not exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the loss limit is reached. Loss will be calculated with (Loss = Total bets - Total wins) Total bets=accumulated total bets Total wins=accumulated total wins (((Total bets- Total wins) + current game bet) <= Loss limit target) then next auto spin will be allowed. If feature trigger: The game will spin until the next feature is triggered. To make use of the Auto spin feature, click on the 'AUTOSPIN' button in the bottom of the game screen. When the Auto spin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Select from the drop-down menu where applicable. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Similarly, click on the Stop Auto spin button to stop the AUTO SPIN feature and return to the game screen. When playing with multiple options and conditions selected, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be disabled. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again or opt for new option(s) and proceed with the game. The 'AUTO SPIN' option will be disabled in the play-money mode. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount you wagered on the previous spin. Just click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. ­To change your bet, increase or decrease the Bet shown on the game screen. Credits: After you have placed the desired bet, your remaining game balance is shown under ‘BALANCE’. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the ‘BALANCE’ meter and the 'BET' meter. Your game balance is shown at the bottom of the game screen. Game Settings: To make use of Game Settings, click on the Game Settings button at the bottom of the game screen in between Paytable and Sound icons. Volume: Player can set the volume of the sound effects by sliding through the Volume button. Sound effects: Toggle between on / off to enable or disable the game win animation sounds. Ambience sound: Toggle between on / off to enable or disable the game background sound. Quick spin: By checking this option,game play is faster than the regular spin and for uk player this option will be in disabled mode. Space bar to spin: Players can use the space bar key to spin the game. Game Rules: The game is played with 25 fixed number of paylines. When you enter the game, a default bet is set. The BET is Number of Fixed lines multiplied by the selected BET/LINE Value. SPIN can be triggered by clicking on the Spin button with the current selected BET. Payouts are displayed in the PAYTABLE. Payline wins are multiplied by the amount ‘bet per line’ and gets added to other payline wins. The highest win amount is paid on each selected payline. Coinciding wins on different bet lines are all added to your total. All symbols pay from left to right. In the case of a line win with Wild, the win is multiplied by 2. If 5 Wild symbols appear in the reels, the payout for the highest paid symbol will be awarded. If a payline starts with a Wild, only the highest win among Wild or substituted symbols will be paid. The ticker messages will appear at the bottom of game screen. Whenever there is a win, the total BALANCE will update, and the amount won in the spin is shown in the WIN bar at the bottom of the game. The game and game rules are identical in both the real-money and play-money modes, except that Auto spin option will not be available in play-money mode. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. Browser Panel Commands: Click on Responsible Gaming to navigate to the Responsible Gaming page. Click on Game Rules to view game rules of the game. Click on Game logs to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on Deposit button to add funds to your account. Click on Real/Play to switch between real-money or play-money game modes. The Game logs functionality is applicable only for the real-money game play. Animal Pick Feature Game Play: Any 3 or more Bonus symbols trigger the Animal Pick feature. The number of animals you can pick out of the 10 animals is the same as the number of Bonus symbols that triggered the Animal Pick feature. Each animal picked reveals a random multiplier that awards a prize equal to the total bet multiplied by the multiplier picked The possible multipliers for the Animal Picks are X100, X25, X10, X5 or X2. The cumulative total win & the picks remaining are shown after each pick and the total win is added to your account balance after completion of the bonus round. Free Spin Game Play: Any 3, 4 or 5 scattered Wild symbols trigger 15, 20 or 25 free spins respectively. During free spins, all the line wins are multiplied by 3. The Animal Pick feature and FREE SPINS feature can retrigger during free spins. All line wins with Wild are multiplied by 2 along with the free spins multiplier 3. The maximum number of times free spins can retrigger is 15. Return to the player: The theoretical return to player of this game is 95.00%. FAQ’s: 1. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game logs' button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected in the middle of the feature round, you will be prompted to complete it after logging back in. After completing the feature round, you can continue game play, or you can select another game of your choice. 2. What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Click on ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit. 3. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. 4. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Service team. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 9/30/2020