Astonishing Animals Game Objective: Astonishing Animals is a 5x3-reel slot game with 25 fixed paylines. You win based on the combination of the various symbols displayed on the selected winning payline(s). The ‘PAYTABLE’ below shows how much you win for each combination. Game Information: The game is played with 25 fixed number of lines. When you enter the game, a default total bet is set. The total BET is Number of Fixed lines multiplied by the selected BET/LINE Value. Bet per Line can be changed by clicking on and changing the Bet Per Line meter. SPIN can be triggered by clicking on the Spin button with the current selected BET. Payouts are displayed in the PAYTABLE. Payline wins are multiplied by the amount ‘bet per line’ and gets added to other payline wins. The highest win amount is paid on each selected payline. Coinciding wins on different bet lines are all added to your total. All symbols pay from left to right. In the case of a line win with Wild, the win is multiplied by 2. If 5 Wilds appear in the reels, the payout for the highest paid symbol will be awarded. If a payline starts with a Wild, only the highest win among Wild or substituted symbols will be paid. All winning symbols will be animated in addition to background animations. The ticker messages will appear at the bottom of game screen. Whenever there is a win, the total BALANCE will update, and the amount won in the spin is shown in the WIN bar at the bottom of the game. How to play: Spin: Tap on the Spin button to start the game. The SPIN button is available at the bottom of the game screen in portrait mode and at the right side of the game screen in landscape mode Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet is set. You can alter the bet per line by tapping on and changing the Bet Per Line meter as shown below. MAX BET: Tap on MAX BET to select the maximum possible bet. If your balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled. AUTOSPIN: You can make use of this feature to select various options for 'hands free' game play. To make use of the ‘AUTOSPIN’ feature, tap on the button. When the Auto spin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Tap on ‘OK’ to activate the selected options and start the spins. The available options under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will spin for the number of rotations selected on the slider menu. You can choose a maximum of 1,000 spins and play until your balance is more than the total bet placed. For UKGC users, the number of spins available will be 100. Spin till Win equals or exceeds: The game will spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount entered in the numeric text box. Spin till Loss not exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the loss limit is reached. Loss will be calculated with (Loss = Total bets - Total wins) Total bets=accumulated total bets Total wins=accumulated total wins (((Total bets- Total wins) + current game bet) <= Loss limit target) then next auto spin will be allowed. If feature trigger: The game will spin until the next feature is triggered. When playing with multiple options and conditions selected, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others and the remaining selected conditions will be disabled. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again or opt for new option(s) and proceed with the game. Tap on the STOP SPIN button to deactivate AUTOSPIN and the normal game will be restored. Tap on menu icon to view the option like paytable, Bet setting, Autoplay, Setting button, i button and cashier. Tap on the ‘Lobby’ option to navigate back to lobby screen. Tap on the 'PAYTABLE' option to view Paytable screen. Tap on the button on the to go back to the game play. Tap on the ‘Sound’ icon to play the game music and vice versa. Tap on the ‘Cashier’ option to navigate to deposit screen. Tap anywhere on the screen to come out from the options. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount you wagered on the previous spin. Simply click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. To change your bet, increase or decrease the COIN VALUE. ­All winning symbols will be animated in addition to jackpot location animation and background animations. The total win amount is shown in the WIN meter at the bottom of the screen. CREDITS: Your remaining game balance, after you have placed the desired bet, is shown in ‘BALANCE’ meter i.e. the current game balance minus the total bet placed. Tap on ‘Quick Spin’ icon to reduce the time of the spin. Game Rules: The game is played with 25 fixed number of paylines. When you enter the game, a default total bet is set. The BET is Number of Fixed lines multiplied by the selected BET/LINE Value. SPIN can be triggered by clicking on the Spin button with the current selected BET. Payouts are displayed in the PAYTABLE. Payline wins are multiplied by the amount ‘bet per line’ and gets added to other payline wins. The highest win amount is paid on each selected payline. Coinciding wins on different bet lines are all added to your total. In the case of a line win with Wild, the win is multiplied by 2. If 5 Wild symbols appear in the reels, the payout for the highest paid symbol will be awarded. If a payline starts with a Wild, only highest win among Wild or substituted symbols will be paid. The ticker messages will appear at the bottom of game screen. Whenever there is a win, the total BALANCE will update, and the amount won in the spin is shown in the WIN bar at the bottom of the game. The game and game rules are identical in both the real-money and play-money modes, except that Auto spin option will not be available in play-money mode. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. Animal Pick Feature Game Play: Any 3 or more Bonus symbols trigger the Animal Pick feature. The number of animals you can pick out of the 10 animals is same as the number of Bonus symbols that triggered the Animal Pick feature. Each animal picked reveals a random multiplier that awards a prize equal to the total bet multiplied by the multiplier picked The possible multipliers for the Animal Picks are X100, X25, X10, X5 or X2. Cumulative total win & the picks remaining are shown after each pick and the total win is added to your account balance after completion of the bonus round. Free Spin Game Play: Any 3, 4 or 5 scattered Wild symbols trigger 15, 20 or 25 free spins respectively. During free spins, all the line wins are multiplied by 3. Animal Pick feature and FREE SPINS feature can retrigger during free spins. All line wins with Wild are multiplied by 2 along with the free spins multiplier 3. Maximum number of times free spins can retrigger is 15. Return to the player: The theoretical return to player of this game is 95.00%. FAQ’s: 1. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game logs' button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected in the middle of the feature round, you will be prompted to complete it after logging back in. After completing the feature round, you can continue game play, or you can select another game of your choice. 2. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. 3. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Service team. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 6/3/2020