AZTEC GOLD BURIED TREASURE Game Objective: Aztec Gold Buried Treasure is a 5 reel, 50 payline slot game with a Buried Treasure feature activated by 3 or more scattered Temple symbols in view. The number of freespins awarded in the feature, are collected from an extra sixth reel, where any red “freespin” symbol on the middle line is accrued into a freespins bank which persists from game to game. Green multiplier symbols are also collected in the same manor from the sixth reel into a multiplier bank. The Buried Treasure feature is activated with the number of symbols currently in each bank, before being reset back to 1 for the following game. Freespins can be re-triggered in the Buried Treasure feature. Game Information: Game is played with 50 fixed number of lines. The TOTAL BET is Number of lines multiplied by the bet per line. Bet per Line can be changed by using the and buttons. The game is started by pressing the spin button with the current selected BET and Lines. Payouts are displayed on the PAYTABLE. Payline wins are multiplied by the amount ‘bet per line’ and gets added to other pay line wins. Highest win amount is paid on each payline. Wins on different bet lines are all added to your balance. Coinciding wins on different paylines are added to total balance. All symbols pay from left to right starting from left most reel except for scattered temple symbols which pays anywhere in view. How to play: Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet per line is set for 50 variable lines on the slot machine. You can increase the bet per line by clicking on the button to the right of 'Bet per line', or you can decrease the bet by clicking on the button to the left. Bet and lines will not get adjusted to the next possible bet, if your balance drops below total bet placed, then click on button shown at the bottom of the game screen. LINES: Game is played with 10 FIXED paylines. MAX BET: To play with MAX BET, click on If your balance is not enough, this option will be disabled. The number of lines are multiplied by the 'bet per line'. The total bet amount is displayed beside the 'BET' label, which can be found at the bottom of the game screen. Paytable: The Paytable can be viewed by clicking on the button. You can go back to the game by clicking on the button on the Paytable screen. Spin: Click on SPIN icon to start spinning the reels. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines will be paid according to the Paytable. Result: Wins are indicated by animated symbols, with the total win amount being shown at the bottom of the screen beside 'WIN'. Volume: icon will play the game music. Click on icon will mute the volume. AUTO SPIN: You can use this feature to choose all or any of the various options for 'hands free' game play. The available options under this feature are Number of spins: The game will spin for the number of rotations selected from the drop-down menu. You can choose maximum of 1000 spins and play until your balance is more than the total bet placed. Spin till Win equals or exceeds: The game will spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount entered in text box. Spin till feature trigger : The game will spin until the next feature is triggered. To make use of the Auto spin feature, click on the 'AUTO SPIN' button in the bottom right of the game screen. When the Auto spin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Select from the drop-down menu where applicable. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Similarly, click on ‘X’ button to skip the AUTO SPIN' feature and return to the game screen. When playing with multiple options and conditions selected, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be disabled. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again or opt for new option(s) and proceed with the game. 'AUTO SPIN' option is not available in the demo mode. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount you wagered on the previous spin. Just click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. ­To change your bet, increase or decrease the Bet shown on the game screen. Credits: After you have placed the desired bet, your remaining game balance is shown under ‘BALANCE’. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the ‘BALANCE’ meter and the 'BET' meter. Your game balance is shown at the bottom of the game screen. Game Settings: Volume: Player can set the volume of the sound effects and ambience by sliding through the Volume button. Sound effects: Toggle between on / off to enable or disable the game win animation sounds. Ambience sound: Toggle between on / off to enable or disable the game background sound. Quick spin: By checking this option, game play is faster than the regular spin. Spacebar to spin: By checking this option, Spacebar key can be used to trigger a spin. This option stays disabled, if spacebar is not available for a game. GAME RULES The game is played on 50 fixed lines. Payouts are made according to the paytable. SPIN begins the game with the currently selected BET. Payouts are displayed on the PAYTABLE. Pay line wins are multiplied by the amount bet per line value Only the highest winning combination made with at least one non-wild symbol is awarded on each payline. Coinciding wins on different lines are all added to your total. Scatter wins are multiplied by total bet and added to payline wins. All symbols pay Left to Right, starting from the left most reel, except scattered Temple symbol, which pays anywhere in view. The Aztec Gold Buried Treasure Logo substitutes for all other symbols except the scattered Temple symbol. The Aztec Gold Buried Treasure Logo appears only on reels 1, 2, 3, 4 and does not appear on reel 5 in both main game and free spins. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The theoretical return to player of this game is 95.69% Gameplay history can be accessed by logging into your account on the desktop website and choosing menu “History” inside any game. The maximum win in this game is capped to 250,000 USD or its equivalent amount in your currency during main game or Free spins. Further Free spins or line wins will be forfeited if the highest win is reached during the free spins. Collection of Free Spins and Multiplier: The 1st reel (Feature Reel) contains Red, Green and Blank symbols. Only symbol landing on the center line are added shown by the gold indicators. If Red symbol lands next to the arrow, then free spins count is increased by 1. If Green symbol lands next to the arrow, then multiplier count is increased by 1. If blank symbol lands next to the arrow, then nothing will happen. When the player collects one of these symbols, it is replaced with blank symbol until free spins has been triggered. There are 11 Red and 4 Green on the reel leading to a maximum of 12 free spins with a 5x multiplier. The number of Red and Green symbols collected are persistent from game to game as per bet. The Symbols collected will be reset after the feature trigger for the particular bet per line. Free Spins Feature: Free Spins feature will be triggered when 3 or more Scattered Temple symbols appear anywhere in view. Player will be awarded with the number of free spins and multiplier which are accumulated during the main game initially 1 freespin with a X1 multiplier. Number of free spins awarded with each trigger, range from 1 to 12 and the multiplier awarded with each trigger, ranges from 1 to 5. All symbol payouts during free spins are multiplied by the denoted free spins multiplier. Free spins can retrigger free spins and awards the same number as originally awarded when triggered. Free spins are played at the same number of lines and bet per line of the triggering game. During free spin, Red and Green symbols are not collected. Browser Button Panel Commands: Click on Rules to view the detailed rules of the game as web page. Click on History to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on Real Money/Demo to switch between real-money or demo mode. Click on the ‘ Deposit’ button to deposit money into your account. The History functionality is applicable only for the real-money game play. FAQ’s: 1. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'History' button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected in the middle of the feature round, you will be prompted to complete it after logging back in. 2. What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Click on ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit. 3. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Service team.