All You Can Spin Sushi Game Objective: All You Can Spin SUSHI is a 3x3 reel set game with 5 paylines, “The Big One Jackpot” slot game. Fire Chef symbol acts as wild and substitutes only for Chef symbol only. You win based on the combination of the various symbols displayed on the selected winning payline(s). The ‘PAYTABLE’ below shows how much you win for each combination. Game Information: Game is played with 5 Variable number of lines. When you enter the game a default total bet is set. The TOTAL BET is Number of Variable lines multiplied by the bet per line. Bet per Line can be changed by using the and buttons. SPIN can be triggered by clicking on the spin button with the current selected BET and LINES. Payouts are displayed on the PAYTABLE. Payline wins are multiplied by the amount ‘bet per line’ and gets added to other payline wins. Highest win amount is paid on each selected payline. Wins on different bet lines are all added to your total. Coinciding wins on different paylines are added to total. All symbols pay from left to right starting with left most reel. All winning symbols will be animated in addition to jackpot location animation and background animations. The Ticker messages will appear on the bottom of game screen. Whenever there is a win, the total BALANCE will update, and the amount won in the spin is shown in the WIN bar at the bottom of the game. The game and game rules are identical in both the real-money and demo modes, except that demo games do not contribute to the jackpot amount and auto spin option will not be available in demo mode. How to play: Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet per line is set for all 5 lines on the slot machine. You can increase the bet per line by clicking on the button to the right of 'Bet per line', or you can decrease the bet by clicking on the button to the left. Bet and lines will not get adjusted to the next possible bet, if your balance drops below total bet placed, then click on button shown at the bottom of the game screen. LINES: Five lines are selected by default. Lines are variable from 1 to 5 and can be changed by clicking on and buttons. MAX BET: To play with MAX BET, click on If your balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled. The number of lines are multiplied by the 'bet per line'. The total bet amount is displayed beside the 'BET' label, which can be found at the bottom of the game screen. Paytable: The Paytable can be viewed by clicking on the button.. The prizes displayed in the Paytable are per unit bet and are shown as multipliers. To get the effective payout per line, multiply the respective prize with the bet per line. You can go back to the game by clicking on the button on the Paytable screen. Spin: Click on SPIN icon to start spinning the reels. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines will be paid according to the Paytable. Result: Wins are indicated by animated symbols, with the total win amount being shown at the bottom of the screen beside 'WIN'. Volume: icon will play the game music. Click on icon will mute the volume. AUTO SPIN: You can use this feature to choose all or any of the various options for 'hands free' game play. The available options under this feature are Number of spins: The game will spin for the number of rotations selected from the drop-down menu. You can choose maximum of 1000 spins and play until your balance is more than the total bet placed. Spin till Win equals or exceeds: The game will spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount entered in text box. Auto spin game is terminated whenever TheBigOne Jackpot feature is triggered in-between the Auto spins. To make use of the Auto spin feature, click on the 'AUTO SPIN' button in the bottom right of the game screen. When the Auto spin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Select from the drop-down menu where applicable. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Similarly, click on ‘X’ button to skip the AUTO SPIN' feature and return to the game screen. When playing with multiple options and conditions selected, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be disabled. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again or opt for new option(s) and proceed with the game. 'AUTO SPIN' option is not available in the demo mode. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount you wagered on the previous spin. Just click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. ­To change your bet, increase or decrease the Bet shown on the game screen. Credits: After you have placed the desired bet, your remaining game balance is shown under ‘BALANCE’. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the ‘BALANCE’ meter and the 'BET' meter. Your game balance is shown at the bottom of the game screen. Game Settings: Volume: Player can set the volume of the sound effects and ambience by sliding through the Volume button. Sound effects: Toggle between on / off to enable or disable the game win animation sounds. Ambience sound: Toggle between on / off to enable or disable the game background sound. Quick spin: By checking this option, game play is faster than the regular spin. Spacebar to spin: By checking this option, Spacebar key can be used to trigger a spin. This option stays disabled, if spacebar is not available for a game. Game Rules: SUSHI is a 3x3-reel slot game with 5 variable paylines. All payouts are made according to the paytable. On clicking Spin button, it begins the game with the currently selected BET and LINES. Win amounts are multiplied by bet per line. All Symbols pay from left to right starting with left most reel. Highest win amount is paid on each selected payline. Wins on different bet lines are all added to your total. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The Theoretical return to the player is 93.10%. Jackpot contribution/RTP is 3.004%. Jackpot game: The Big One jackpot can be triggered anytime, either during normal spin, auto spin or after the Feature game. The main screen then changes to jackpot screen after the user has won jackpot game in which all the jackpots and their values are listed. There are 5 different jackpots, each of which has a unique color. All five colors are shown on the wheel. The orange color represents the Blitz Cash Jackpot The red color represents the Quick Cash Jackpot. The blue color represents the Super Cash Jackpot. The green color represents Mega Cash Jackpot. The lavender color represents Colossal Cash Jackpot. The spin button is shown on the control panel. By clicking on the SPIN button, the wheel rotates and stops on a particular color and the respective jackpot is awarded. When a particular jackpot is cracked, a pop-up is shown on the jackpot screen which displays the type of jackpot and the amount awarded. By clicking on "OK" in the pop-up, it navigates to main game screen. If multiple jackpots are cracked at the same time, by clicking on "OK" in the pop-up, the "SPIN" button on the jackpot screen is enabled to continue further game play. You can see the current values of all five jackpots in the jackpot ticker area in the main game screen. Big One Jackpots have two pools for each jackpot tier, current instance pool and reserve pool During game play a % of the total bet (mentioned below) is contributed towards both the pools Jackpot Name Initial Seed (USD) Instance Contribution % Reserve Contribution % The Big One Colossal Cash $ 1,000,000.00 0.964% 1.25% The Big One Mega Cash $ 10,000.00 0.1% 0.125% The Big One Super Cash $750.00 0.03% 0.015% The Big One Quick Cash $200.00 0.1% 0.1% The Big One Blitz Cash $40.00 0.12% 0.2% Each jackpot starts with initial seed amount. Initial Jackpot seed is funded by “The House”, and the subsequent instances are funded from reserve pool, the amount accumulated in reserve pool becomes the next seed. Big One jackpots are played across multiple games and all games have equal probability of winning the jackpot A jackpot instance can only won by one player, and this applies for all Jackpot tiers. In-case of network disconnections during the Jackpot wheel feature, jackpot win will be credited to player account balance automatically. The jackpot is triggered randomly. Any bet is eligible for jackpot. The more you wager the higher the chances of hitting the jackpot. The number of spins awarded in jackpot screen equals the number of jackpots awarded. Only real money play will contribute to the jackpot amount. Jackpot contributions and triggering will not be applicable for games played on "play for fun/demo" mode. The maximum jackpot amount player can get from each of the above jackpot is 10,000,000 USD. Jackpot Contribution/RTP is 3.004%. Browser Panel Commands: Click on Rules to view the current version number & game rules of the game. Click on History to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on Deposit button to add funds to your account. Click on Real Money/Demo to switch between real-money or demo game modes. The History functionality is applicable only for the real-money game play. Return to the player: The Theoretical return to the player is 93.10%. Jackpot contribution/RTP is 3.004%. FAQ’s: 1. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'History' button once you have logged back in. 2. What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Click on ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit. 3. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. 4. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team.