Aztec Myths Game Objective: Aztec Myths is a five-reel, 50 payline slot game with a sixth reel incorporated on the left side of the screen to denote the possible “Free spins and multiplier”. The sixth reel (The Aztec Myths Free Spins Reel) spins along with the other 5 reels and will display the number of free spins and multiplier if the feature game is triggered. The Aztec Myths feature is invoked when three or more scattered Temple symbols appear anywhere in view. The free spin feature can re-trigger within free spin. Game Information: Game is played with 50 variable lines. SPIN can be triggered by clicking on the spin button with the current selected BET and LINES. Payouts are displayed on the PAYTABLE. Payline wins are multiplied by the amount ‘bet per line’ and gets added to other pay line wins. Highest win amount is paid on each selected payline. Coinciding wins on different bet lines are all added to your total. Scatter (represented by Temple symbol) wins are multiplied by total bet and added to payline wins. All symbols pay from left to right, except the scatter symbol which pays anywhere in view. On the winning line the winning symbols will slightly animate with bounce in animation and the win line will be colored and remaining will be grayed out. The Ticker messages will appear on bottom of game screen. How to play: Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet per payline is set for all 50 lines on the slot machine. You can increase the bet per line by clicking the button to the right of 'BET', or you can decrease the bet by clicking the button to the left. Bet and lines will not get adjusted to the next possible bet, if your balance drops below total bet placed, then click on button to deposit. Setting 'LINES': Fifty lines are selected by default. You can decrease the number of lines by clicking the button to the left of 'LINES', or select more lines by clicking the button to the right. MAX BET: To play with MAX BET, click on . If your balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled. The number of selected lines are multiplied by the 'bet per line'. The total bet amount is displayed beside the 'BET' label, which can be found at the bottom of the game screen. Paytable: The Paytable can be viewed either by clicking the button located in bottom of game screen beside ‘BET’ label or by clicking button located at the bottom of the screen beside the Line meter. The prizes displayed in the Paytable are per unit bet, and are shown as multipliers. To get the effective payout per line, multiply the respective prize with the bet per line. You can go back to the game by clicking on the button on the Paytable screen. Clicking on the button will open the rules screen along with Paytable and allow you to read the game rules. Spin: Click on SPIN icon to start spinning the reels. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines and any scatter wins will be paid according to the Paytable. Result: Wins are indicated by colorized paylines animated symbols, and in case of a scatter win, by animated symbols, with the total win amount being shown at the bottom of the screen beside 'WIN'. Volume: icon will play the game music. Click on icon will mute the volume . CREDITS: Your remaining game balance, after you have placed the desired bet, is shown in ‘BALANCE’ meter i.e. the current game balance minus the total bet placed. 'AUTOSPIN': You can use this feature to choose all or any of the various options for 'hands free' game play. The available options under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will spin for the number of rotations selected from the drop-down menu. You can choose any number of games and play until your balance is less than the total bet placed. Spin till Win equals or exceeds: The game will spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount selected from the drop down menu. Spin till feature trigger: The game will spin until the next feature is triggered. To make use of the Autospin feature, click on the 'AUTOSPIN' button in the bottom right of the game screen. When the Autospin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Select from the drop-down menu where applicable and click ‘Ok’ button to activate the selected options and start the spins. Similarly, click on 'X' to skip the 'AUTOSPIN' feature and return to the game screen. When playing with multiple options and conditions selected, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be disabled. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again or opt for new option(s) and proceed with the game. 'AUTOSPIN' option is not available in the demo mode. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount you wagered on the previous spin. Just click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. To change your bet, increase or decrease the bet per line on the game screen.­ Credits: After you have placed the desired bet, your remaining game balance is shown under ‘BALANCE’. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the ‘BALANCE’ meter and the 'BET' meter. Your game balance is shown at the bottom of the game screen. Browser Panel Commands: Click on ' History ' to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on ' Rules ' button to view the detailed rules of the game as web page. Click on ' Deposit ' button to deposit to your account. Click on ' Real Money/Demo ' to switch to real-money or demo mode. The ' History ' functionality is applicable only for the real money game play. Game Rules: Player can play the game from 1 to 50 lines. Payouts are made according to the paytable. Only the highest win on each selected payline is paid. SPIN begins the game with the currently selected BET and LINES. MAX BET selects 50 lines and maximum bet value. Payouts are displayed on the PAYTABLE. Payline wins are multiplied by the amount in bet meter. Coinciding wins on different lines are all added to your total. Scatter wins are multiplied by total bet and added to payline wins. All symbols pay Left to Right, except scattered Temple symbol, which pay anywhere in view. Aztec Myths Logo substitutes for all other symbols except the scattered Temple symbol. Aztec Myths Logo appears only on reels 1, 2, 3, and 4. The game and game rules are identical both in real-money and demo mode. Feature game play: The Aztec Myths feature is triggered when 3 or more scattered Temple symbols appear anywhere in view. If 3 or more Scattered Temple symbols are in view, then the number of free spins and multiplier denoted against the indicator (Arrow) on the sixth reel are awarded and the free spins are played. The number of free spins and free spins multiplier are denoted at random. Number of free spins awarded with each trigger, range from 8 to 25 and the multiplier awarded with each trigger, ranges from 2 to 10. All prizes during free spins are multiplied by the denoted free spins multiplier. Free spins can retrigger free spins and award the same number as originally awarded when triggered. Free spins are played at the same number of lines and bet per line of the triggering game. Free spin wins are added to payline and scatter wins. Return to the player: The theoretical return to player of this game is 96.01 %. FAQ’s: I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'History' button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected in the middle of the feature round, you will be prompted to complete it after logging back in. After completing the feature round, you can continue game play, or you can select another game of your choice. What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Click on ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team.