Blackjack Millionaire Pro Blackjack Millionaire Pro allows the player to play up to three hands of Blackjack at once along with a Millionaire side bet. The objective is to accumulate cards to get a total of 21 or as close to 21 as possible, without going over 21. The value of a hand is the sum of the point counts of all the cards in the hand. The Millionaire side bet game is triggered by achieving a Blackjack in the main game. Further consecutive blackjacks advance the player up in Millionaire ladder. SIDE BETS: Side bet is a wager placed beyond the regular game to achieve an extra possible win. “Millionaire Pro” Bet: To participate in the Millionaire Pro side bet game a separate wager must be placed above the regular “Place Bet” in the “Millionaire Pro Bet” position. Side bets cannot be placed without placing a regular bet. All side bets can be placed at the same time. Placing a wager on the Millionaire Pro Bet panel brings the “Millionaire Pro Bet” into play. The Millionaire side bet game is triggered by achieving a Blackjack in the main game. Further consecutive blackjacks advance the player up in Millionaire Ladder. Number of Consecutive Blackjacks Side Bet Multiplier 5 X 200,000 4 X 5,000 3 X 2,000 2 X 200 1 X 5 The bet amounts allowed on the side bet are $1,$2,$3,$4,$5 (or its equivalent amount in player’s currency).The multiplier won on the Millionaire ladder is multiplied by the side bet amount wagered based on the number of consecutive Blackjacks achieved by the player on that hand. If a Blackjack is not achieved while the feature is active, the player is awarded the current position in the ladder. Once the player places bet on Millionaire Ladder to win the multiplier awarded in ladder player needs to continue to bet on the same hand where millionaire ladder is active. If player gets Blackjack in next game, then position in the Ladder will be UP and this process will continue until the max multiplier in ladder is reached. If player doesn't receive blackjack continuously the multiplier which he has won in the previous game will be awarded in the current round. Player’s position on the Millionaire ladder is persisted based on the side bet wagered on that hand. Persistence of player’s position on the Millionaire ladder is platform independent. With an active Millionaire ladder, further side bets on that particular hand are not allowed until the Millionaire ladder ends. However, player must wager main bet to continue the game play. In order to advance through Millionaire ladder, player should obtain sequential blackjacks in further rounds. Three “player assist” options are available to help the player progress up the ladder. To select any of the player assist options available during the Millionaire round, player must click on the corresponding icon. To deselect, click on the active icon (highlighted in yellow). 1.SWITCH SEATS By selecting this option, the Millionaire Pro Bet ladder is switched to the next seat. Once player uses this option, it remains disabled until the Millionaire round ends. 2 .SWAP WITH DEALER By selecting this option, the progress of the Millionaire ladder depends on the cards held by the dealer. This is applicable for the next game round only. Once player uses this option, it remains disabled until Millionaire mode ends. 3.SIT OUT By selecting this option, player can skip participating in Millionaire round for current hand. Millionaire ladder remains active for next game rounds. Once player uses this option, it remains disabled until the Millionaire mode ends. If player selects SWAP WITH DEALER and SITOUT options together then most recently selected option will take precedence and that option will be active for next round in Millionaire Ladder. If Player selects SWAP WITH DEALER along with SWITCH SEATS option, always SWAP WITH DEALER will take precedence but both the options will be disabled for the next round. If Player selects SIT OUT along with SWITCH SEATS option, always SIT OUT will take precedence but both the options will be disabled for the next round. In any of the consecutive deals, if the player fails to obtain a blackjack then Millionaire mode ends, and player wins the current amount indicated on the millionaire ladder. The bet amount placed on main game have no effect on the Millionaire Pro win amounts. HOW TO PLAY THE GAME: This game can be played with up to three hands. To play, player must place a bet on at least one of hands. Every hand may have a different bet amount. To place a bet, Player should click on a chip in the bottom left of the screen to select desired chip value. Click on one of the available betting areas (the 3 circles) to place the bet. Every click increases player’s bet by the value of the selected chip. Side bet can be placed on the 'Millionaire pro bet' betting areas on any of player’s hands. In each game round, player can place one “Millionaire pro” side bet for each hand that has a regular bet placed on it. Click on CLEAR BETS to remove all bets from the table. Clicking DOUBLE doubles every main bet placed on the table and the bets placed on Millionaire Pro Bet will not be doubled. Click UNDO to remove the last bet made from the table. The minimum and maximum bet limits personalized to player’s account are shown at the top of the table. Click the DEAL button to deal the cards. 2 cards are dealt with each of the player's hands for which bet was placed and to the Dealer's hand. The cards are dealt clockwise, one at a time to each hand in turns, with the first card going to the rightmost player hand. The last card goes to the dealer’s hand and is dealt face down. If player is playing with more than one hand, actions are taken for each hand separately, starting from the rightmost hand, once the cards have been dealt. If the Dealer's face-up card is an Ace, player is offered with insurance. Click YES to insure one hand at a time against the dealer having Blackjack or click NO for each hand if player do not want insurance. To accept or decline insurance for all the hands at a time, click YES TO ALL or NO TO ALL buttons. This is also applicable for the “EVEN MONEY” scenario. If Player’s first two cards have the same value, player can split the hand by clicking SPLIT button. Click HIT to request another card or click DOUBLE to double player’s main bet and receive a third card. If player do not want any more cards, click STAND. Please note that Insurance, Double, and Split requires an additional bet. If player’s balance does not have enough money to cover these expenses, player needs to deposit more money to use these options. When player has played final hand, the dealer then reveals the Dealer’s face-down card and may draw additional cards, in accordance with the rules. When the dealer has stopped taking cards, each of player’s hands is compared to the Dealer's hand. If player’s hand has a higher value than the dealer's and has not exceeded 21, player wins with that hand. If any hand value reaches 22 or more, it is bust and automatically loses. If player wants to play another round, place bets as described above or click REBET to place the same bets as in the previous round, then click DEAL to deal the cards. Click REBET & DEAL to place the same bets as in the previous round. BET : The total bet amount is shown in the BET meter at the bottom left of the screen. BALANCE: Player’s remaining game balance, after player has placed the desired bet, is shown in the BALANCE meter i.e. the current game balance minus the total bet placed. WIN : The total win amount is shown in the WIN meter at the bottom right of the screen. Volume: The VOLUME icon will play the game sounds. Click on the VOLUME icon will mute the sounds and vice-versa. BUTTONS: DEAL – Deal the cards CLEAR BETS – Clear the table of all bets. UNDO – Remove player’s last bet. HIT – Request one more card. STAND – Draw no more cards and end player’s turn. DOUBLE – When no cards have been dealt yet i.e. before starting the gameplay, this button doubles all main bets on the table. When cards have been dealt, this button doubles the main bet on the selected hand and requests a final card. Bets placed on Millionaire pro bet will not be doubled. SPLIT – Split the hand into two if player holds a pair. REBET – Place the same bets as in the previous round. REBET & DEAL – Place the same bets as in the previous round and deal the cards. YES – Click to accept Insurance/Even money and protect player’s bet for the current hand in case the dealer has Blackjack. NO – Click to decline Insurance/Even money against the dealer having Blackjack and skip bet protection for the current hand. YES TO ALL/NO TO ALL – Click to either yes to all or no to all for Insurance/even money for all hands against the dealer having Blackjack. RULES: The objective of Millionaire Pro Blackjack is to get a hand that total 21 or is closer to 21 than the dealer's hand without exceeding 21. The value of a hand is the sum of the individual card’s value. Blackjack is the highest hand and consists of two cards: An Ace and any 10-point card. Blackjack beats a score of 21. Player can choose 1 to 3 hands to play on in a game round. The chosen hands are played clockwise, starting from player’s rightmost hand. The dealer's hand is played last. Player may Split, Double and take Insurance, just like in standard Blackjack. When the player wins the bet amount plus the payout amount is paid. Millionaire Blackjack Pro is a variant of Blackjack with the following rules: 8 decks of cards are used. After each round, used cards are returned to the deck and the deck is shuffled. Aces count as either 1 or 11, face cards count as 10 and number cards count at their face values. The Dealer will only check for Blackjack, if the Dealer's first card is an ace, king, queen, jack or 10. The player may not split a Split hand. Only one card is drawn to each Ace in a split hand. Ace and a 10-point card after a split are considered 21, and not Blackjack. The player may double after splitting except for split for aces. Depending on the strength of player’s card, player can choose from the following options offered: “Hit”, “Stand”, “Double”, “Split” Blackjack pays 1.5 times the bet amount (3 to 2). If the total value of the Player’s cards is closer to 21 than the Dealer's after the dealer has stopped taking cards, the player wins the bet amount (1 to 1). If the total of the Player's cards is more than 21, the player's hand is “Bust”, and the player automatically loses the bet for that hand. If the Player and the Dealer have the same point total (17 to 21), neither of them wins and the player's bet is returned to the player in a “Push”. The Dealer always draws to 16. The Dealer stands when the dealer's hand has a value of 17 or greater (including soft 17). The Dealer does not draw when the player is “Bust”. Blackjack beats a score of 21. SPLIT: If player’s first 2 cards have the same value, then player may split them into 2 separate hands. The second hand will have the same bet as the hand it was split from. Player will then draw additional cards to each hand. Player may draw as many cards as player likes on each split hand, unless player splits 2 aces (in which case player can receive only 1 additional card for each ace). If player receives an ace and a 10-value card in a split hand, it is considered as 21 and not Blackjack. DOUBLE: Player can double bet on a hand before player takes a third card. Player cannot double the bet on a hand after taking a third card. After doubling a bet, a final card will be dealt with player automatically. Player can double on all hands if player wishes. Player can also double bet on a split hand except for the split of aces. Double button will not double the bets placed on Millionaire Pro bet. INSURANCE: If the dealer's first face-up card is an Ace, Player will be given a chance to insure each of player’s regular bets against the dealer having Blackjack. If player takes Insurance, then an amount equal to half of the player’s original bet will be deducted from player’s balance and placed separately on the table. If the dealer has Blackjack, player is paid 2 to 1 on insurance. This way player does not lose original bet (because player receive the value of original bet plus the insurance amount back). If the dealer does not have Blackjack, player lose the insurance amount. Insurance does not affect any side bets. EVEN MONEY: If the dealer has an Ace, and the player has a BLACKJACK, the player has the option of “EVEN MONEY?”. Click on YES for this hand, the player will receive the same amount (1:1) for the Blackjack, without the Dealer’s face-down card even being exposed, thus protecting the player from a possible Dealer’s Blackjack. The player may also click on NO for this hand. If the Dealer does not have a blackjack, the player will be paid at a normal relation of 3:2 for the Blackjack. If the first two cards dealt with the player are an Ace and a 10 -valued card combination, the hand is BLACKJACK and pays 3:2 if it beats the dealer. But if the dealer has BLACKJACK too the result is PUSH. If player has an Ace and a 10-valued card after splitting, the hand value is 21 only and not BLACKJACK. If the 21-valued hand wins, it is paid at odds of 1:1. When the dealer hand is complete the results are displayed on both the Dealer's and the player's cards. YES TO ALL/ NO TO ALL buttons will be shown if all player hand(s) has BLACKJACK and Dealer has an Ace. YES TO ALL/ NO TO ALL buttons will not be shown if any of the hand(s) doesn’t have a BLACKJACK SOUND EFFECTS: Player will be able to hear voice-over sounds for the following: Double voice-over will be heard on clicking “Double” button. Insurance voice-over will be heard when the insurance is offered. You Win voice-over will be heard on winning any normal hand. Bust voice-over will be heard when Dealer or Player hand is a Bust. Blackjack voice-over will be heard when Dealer or Player has a Blackjack. Cards total count voice-over will be heard for each hand when cards are dealt and on completion. Push voice-over will be heard when Push is awarded. BET LIMITS: Player can choose one among the 3 stake levels (Low stake, Medium stake and High-stake levels). The minimum and maximum bet value depends on the stake level selected by the player. The default stake level is Medium. PAYTABLE: When the player wins, the bet amount plus the payout amount is paid. PAYTABLE Winnings Pays Winning Hand 1:1 Insurance 2:1 Blackjack 3:2 Push Bet Returned EVEN MONEY Yes 1:1 No 3:2 The payout format used here means that when player wins, player gets back bet plus an amount that is a multiple of player’s bet. Example: If a bet of 1 is placed on any hand, and player wins a Blackjack, then 1 (bet) + 1.5 (win) = 2.5-win amount is credited to player’s balance for that hand. RETURN TO THE PLAYER: The theoretical return to the player for the main Blackjack game is 99.55 %. The theoretical return to the player for the Millionaire pro side bet is 93.08 %. BROWSER PANEL COMMANDS: Click on ‘ History’ to view the logs of the game’s player have played. Click on ‘Rules' to view the game rules of the game. Click on 'Deposit ' button to deposit to player’s account. Click on ‘ Real Mode/Demo’ to switch to real-money or demo mode. The “History” functionality is applicable only for the real-mode game play. The game rules are identical in both real-money and demo modes. Gameplay history can be accessed by logging into player’s account on the desktop website and choosing menu “History” inside any game. FAQ: 1. Player could not complete the game. What should player do? If player is disconnected in between the game, player will be prompted to complete it after logging back in. After completing the feature, player can continue gameplay, or select another game of player’s choice. 2.What should player do if the balance is low to place a bet? Click on the ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit. 3. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. 4. If player still has problem, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team.