Bellagio Fountains of Fortune Bellagio Fountains of Fortune Game Objective: Bellagio Fountains of Fortune is a 5x3 reel slot game with 20 fixed lines. The free spins meter, which displays on the right side in Desktop and Landscape and in top of the reel set in portrait mode for mobile devices, shows the number of free spins that are triggered when a single spin has multiple cascading wins. Free Spins feature will trigger when 4 or more cascading wins occur in main game. Extra Free spins will trigger when 3 or more cascading wins occur in free spins. Game Information: Game is played with 20 fixed number of lines. SPIN can be triggered by clicking on the spin button with the current selected BET. The ticker messages will appear below the reel set of game screen. Payouts are displayed on the PAYTABLE. Whenever there is a win, the total BALANCE will update, and the amount won in the spin is shown in the WIN meter at the bottom of the game. The game and game rules are identical in both the real-money and demo modes, except that autospin option will not be available in demo mode. How to play: LINES: Game is played with 20 FIXED paylines. Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet is set. You can change the bet per line by clicking the + or - buttons available on either side of the BET meter. MAX BET: Click on ‘MAX BET’ to select the maximum possible bet. If your balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled. Paytable: The Paytable can be viewed by clicking on the ‘ i ’ button located in a panel above the bet panel. Spin: The SPIN button in the lower middle starts the game. Volume: The volume icon will play the game music. Click on the Volume icon to mute the volume. AUTO SPIN: You can use this feature to choose all or any of the various options for 'hands free' game play. The available options under this feature are Number of spins: The game will spin for the number of rotations selected from slider. You can choose maximum of 50 spins. Spin till Win equals or exceeds: The game will spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount entered in text box. Spin till feature trigger: The game will spin until the next feature is triggered. To make use of the Auto spin feature, click on the 'AUTO SPIN' button in the bottom right of the game screen. When the Auto spin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Similarly, click on ‘X’ button to skip the AUTO SPIN' feature and return to the game screen. When playing with multiple options and conditions selected, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be disabled. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again or opt for new option(s) and proceed with the game. 'AUTO SPIN' option is not available in the demo mode. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount you wagered on the previous spin. Just click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. ­To change your bet, increase or decrease the Bet shown on the game screen. Credits: After you have placed the desired bet, your remaining game balance is shown under ‘BALANCE’. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the ‘BALANCE’ meter and the 'BET' meter. Your game balance is shown at the bottom of the game screen. Game Settings: Volume: Player can set the volume of the sound effects and ambience by sliding through the Volume button. Sound effects: Toggle between on / off to enable or disable the game win animation sounds. Ambience sound: Toggle between on / off to enable or disable the game background sound. Quick spin: By checking this option, game play is faster than the regular spin. Spacebar to spin: By checking this option, Spacebar key can be used to trigger a spin. This option stays disabled, if spacebar is not available for a game. Game Rules Bellagio Fountains of Fortune is a 5-reel slot game with 20 fixed paylines. The free spins meter displays the number of free spins that are triggered when a single spin has multiple cascading wins. Free spins meter is displayed on the right side in Desktop and Landscape and on top of the reel set in portrait mode. Payline wins are multiplied by the amount ‘bet per line’ and get added to other payline wins. SPIN begins the game with the currently selected BET and 20 Fixed lines. MAX BET selects 20 fixed lines and maximum bet value . Only the highest winning combination made with at least one non-wild symbol is awarded on each payline. All symbols pay from left-to-right, starting from left-most reel. All pays shown in USD currency. Coinciding wins on different paylines are added to your total balance. All payline wins produce cascades and will explode the symbols occurring in a payline to produce new possibilities for extra wins. Blue Fountain symbol is a scatter symbol which appears only on the fifth reel and does not appear in 1,2,3,4 reels in both the main game and the free spins. Blue Fountain symbol explodes itself and the 4 low paying symbols after paylines have been evaluated though the symbols are present on non-consecutive reels. If there is any reel with full of low paying symbols, then the complete reel will be changed to Stack Gold Fountain (Wild)symbol in both main game and free spins. The Blue Fountain symbol, when it appears on reel 5 will explode itself, and the 4 low paying symbols after paylines have been evaluated though the symbols are present on non-consecutive reels. For the next cascade wins there is no chance of getting the Blue Fountain symbol again. Blue Fountain symbol explodes itself even if there are no low paying symbols in the reels, then free spins meter increases by 1. Gold Fountain is a Wild symbol that substitutes for all symbols except the scatter Blue Fountain symbol. Stack Gold Fountain (Wild) symbol will appear when all the symbols in a specific reel are exploded and will be active for only one spin. When 4 Gold Fountain symbols and a Blue Fountain symbol appear on a payline the award is 4 of a kind payout for 777 (highest paying) symbol. When 5 Gold Fountain symbols appear on a payline the award is 5-of-a-kind payout for 777 (highest paying) symbol. The maximum win in this game is capped to 250,000 USD or its equivalent amount in your currency during the main game or cascading wins or free spins. Further free spins or cascading wins will be forfeited if the highest win is reached during the free spins or cascading wins. The theoretical return to the player is 95.79%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Cascading Wins: All symbol combinations defined in the Paytable will trigger the cascading wins feature when they occur on a payline. When a cascade win occurs, the lowermost triangle in the free spins meter will be activated and for the second win the next triangle will be activated. This process will continue until no further wins on the spin and the current square which is highlighted and the number on that square will be the free spins awarded to the player. All payline wins during cascading wins are multiplied by the bet per line. After a win, the winning symbols are removed. All the remaining symbols cascade down and missing symbols are replaced. The free spins ladder counts the number of cascades. Free Spins Feature will trigger when 4 or more cascading wins occur in the same game. Extra Free spins will trigger when 3 or more cascading wins occur in free spins. This process will continue until no wins occur from a cascade. All wins accumulated during these cascading wins feature are credited to the player. Blue Fountain symbol explodes itself even if there are no low paying symbols in the reels, then free spins meter increases by 1. Free Spins Feature: Free spins will trigger when 4 or more cascading wins occur on a single spin. In Main game, 4 Cascading wins will trigger 7, 5 Cascading wins will trigger 10, 6 cascading wins will trigger 15, 7 cascading wins will trigger 20, 8 or more cascading wins will trigger 25 free spins respectively. Extra free spins will be added to the player when 3 or more cascades happens during the feature game in a single spin. 3 cascading wins will trigger 2, 4 cascading wins will trigger 3, 5 cascading wins will trigger 5, 6 cascading wins will trigger 7, 7 cascading wins will trigger 10,8 or more cascading wins will trigger 12 extra free spins respectively. Wins accumulated in free spins will be credited to player balance after feature completion. Free spins are played with bet of triggering spins. Browser Panel Commands: Click on Rules to view the game rules of the game. Click on History to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on Deposit button to add funds to your account. Click on Real Money/Demo to switch between real-money or demo game modes. The History functionality is applicable only for the real-money game play. Return to the player: The Theoretical return to the player is 95.79 %. FAQ’s: 1. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you are disconnected in the middle of the free spins/cascades, you will be prompted to complete it after logging back in. After completing the free spins, you can continue game play, or you can select another game of your choice. 2.What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Click on ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit. 3. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team.