BLACKJACK PRO BLACKJACK PRO GAME OBJECTIVE: Blackjack Pro is a variant of standard Blackjack. This game allows you to play up to three hands of Blackjack at once, one after the other during game play. The objective is to accumulate cards to get a total of 21 or as close to 21 as possible, without going over 21. The value of a hand is the sum of the point counts of all the cards in the hand. HOW TO PLAY THE GAME: This game can be played up to three hands. In order to play, you must place a bet on at least one of your hands. Every hand may have a different bet amount. Select the amount you want to wager on a given hand by clicking on the chip of that denomination. The selected chip will be highlighted and raised. Place bets by clicking on any of the three circular bet positions. You can play any or all the available positions. Every click increases your bets by the value of the selected chip. You can click CLEAR BETS to remove all bets from the table. Click UNDO to remove the last bet placed on the table. Click the DEAL button to deal the cards. 2 cards are dealt to each of the player’s hands and to the dealer’s hand. The cards are dealt clockwise, one at a time to each hand in turns, with the first card going to the rightmost player hand. The last card goes to the dealer hand and is dealt face down. If you are playing more than one hand, actions are taken for each hand separately, starting from the rightmost hand once the cards have been dealt. If the dealer’s face up card is an Ace, you are offered insurance. Click YES to insure one hand at a time against the dealer having Blackjack or click NO for each hand if you do not want insurance. As soon as YES/NO is chosen, YES TO ALL/NO TO ALL button will not be shown for the remaining hands.To accept or decline insurance for all hands at a time, click YES TO ALL/ NO TO ALL button. This is also applicable for EVEN MONEY scenario. If your first two cards have the same value, you can split your hand by clicking SPLIT . Click HIT to request another card or click DOUBLE BET to double your bet and receive a third card. If you do not want any more cards, click STAND . Please note that Insurance, Double and Split require an additional bet. If your balance does not have enough money to cover these expenses, you will need to deposit more money to use these options. When you have played your final hand the dealer then reveals the dealer’s face down card and may draw additional cards, in accordance with the rules. When the dealer has stopped taking cards each of your hands is compared to the dealer’s hand. If your hand has higher value than the dealer’s and has not exceeded 21, you win that hand. If any hand value reaches 22 or more, it is considered “Too Many’ and automatically loses. If you want to play another round, place bets as described above or click REBET to place the same bets as in the previous round, then click DEAL to deal the cards. Click REBET/DEAL to place the same bets as in the previous round and deal cards immediately. BET: The total bet amount is shown in the BET meter. BALANCE: Your remaining game balance, after you have placed the desired bet, is shown in BALANCE meter i.e. the current game balance minus the total bet placed. WIN: The total win amount is shown in the WIN meter. Click on the HELP button from the game menu on the top right of the game screen to view the game rules. To switch on or off sound in the game, click on SOUND and button that is located at the right top corner of the screen in the game menu. BUTTONS: DEAL – Deal the cards CLEAR BETS – Clear the table of all bets. UNDO – Remove your last bet. HIT – Request one more card. STAND – Draw no more cards and end your turn. DOUBLE – When no cards have been dealt yet i.e. before starting the game play, this button doubles all bets on the table. When cards have been dealt, this button doubles the bet on the selected hand and requests a final card. SPLIT – Split the hand into two if you hold a pair. REBET – Place the same bets as in the previous round. REBET & DEAL – Place the same bets as in the previous round and deal the cards. YES – Click to accept Insurance and protect your bet for the current hand in case the dealer has Blackjack. NO – Click to decline Insurance against the Dealer having Blackjack and skip bet protection for the current hand. YES TO ALL – Click to either accept or decline Insurance for all hands against the Dealer having Blackjack. Rules: The objective of the Blackjack pro is to get a hand that totals 21 or is closer to 21 than the dealer’s hand without exceeding 21 The value of a hand is the sum of the individual card values. Blackjack is the highest hand and consists of two cards: An Ace and any 10-point card. Blackjack beats a score of 21. You can choose 1to3 hands to play on in a game round. The chosen cards are played clockwise, starting from your rightmost hand. The dealer’s hand is played last. You may split, double and take insurance, just like in standard Blackjack. Blackjack pro is the variant of Blackjack with the following rules: Eight decks of cards are used in this game, used cards are returned to the deck and the deck is shuffled. Aces count as either 1 or 11, face cards count as 10 and number cards at their face value. The player may not split a Split hand. Only one card is drawn to each Ace in a split hand. The player may double after splitting. If the dealer has Ace as first card, the dealer will check for Blackjack before you draw your third card. Ace and 10-point card after a split are considered 21 and not blackjack. Blackjack pays 1.5 times the bet amount (3 to 2). If the total value of the player’s cards is closer to 21 than the Dealer’s after the dealer has stopped taking cards, the player wins the bet amount (1 to 1). If the total of the player’s cards is more than 21, the player’s hand has “Too Many” and the player automatically loses the bet for that hand. If the player and the dealer have the same point total (17 to 21), neither of them wins and the player’s bet is returned to the player in a “Push”. The dealer always draws to 16. The dealer stands when the dealer’s hand has a value of 17 or greater (including soft total). The dealer does not draw when the player has “too many”. Blackjack beats a score of 21. SOFT TOTAL: A hand containing an Ace that can be counted as 11 without too many. For example, Ace-6 is soft 17. HARD TOTAL: A hand containing an Ace that can only be counted as 1 because counting it as 11 would make the hand exceed 21. For example, Ace-6-10 is hard 17. SPLIT : If your first two cards have the same value, then you can split them into 2 separate hands. The second hand will have the same bet as the hand it was split from. You will then draw additional cards to each hand. You may draw as many cards as you like on each split hand, unless you split 2 aces(in which case you receive only 1 additional card for each ace).If you receive an ace and a 10-value card in a split hand, it is considered 21 and not Blackjack. DOUBLE: You can double your bet on a hand before you take a third card. After doubling a bet, a final card will be dealt to you automatically. You can double on all your hands, if you wish. You can also double your bet on a split hand. INSURANCE: If the dealer’s first face up card is an Ace, you will be given a chance to insure each of your regular bets against the dealer having Blackjack. If you take Insurance, then an amount equal to half your original bet will be deducted from your balance and placed separately on the table. If the dealer has Blackjack, you are paid 2 to 1 on your insurance. This way you do not lose your original bet (because you receive the value of your original bet plus the insurance amount back). If the dealer does not have Blackjack, you lose the insurance amount. You can insure your hand by clicking YES . If you don't want to insure your hand, click NO . EVEN MONEY : If the dealer has an Ace, and the player has a BLACKJACK , the player has the option of “ EVEN MONEY” . Click on YES to choose this option, the player will receive the same amount (1:1) of his Blackjack, without the Dealers face-down card even being exposed, thus protecting himself from a possible Dealer’s Blackjack. The player may also click on NO to continue playing without using the EVEN MONEY option. If the Dealer does not have a blackjack, the player will be paid at a normal relation of 3:2 on his Blackjack. Only if the first two cards dealt are an Ace and a 10 valued card the hand is BLACKJACK and pays 3:2 if it beats the dealer. But if the dealer has BLACKJACK too the result is PUSH . If you have an A and a 10 valued card after splitting the hand is value 21 only and not BLACKJACK . If the 21 valued hand wins it is paid at odds of 1:1. When the dealer hand is complete the results are displayed on both the dealer's and the player's cards. Browser Panel Commands: Click on ‘ Responsible Gaming ’ to navigate to the Responsible gaming page. Click on 'Game logs ' to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on 'Game Rules ' to view the current version number & game rules of the game. Click on ' Deposit ' button to deposit to your account. Click on ‘ Real/Play ’ to switch to real-money or play-money game mode. The “ Game logs ” functionality is applicable only for the real-money game play. The game rules are identical in both real-money and play-money modes. PAYTABLE Win Type Description Payout BLACKJACK A blackjack, or 'natural', comprises a total of 21 in your first two cards. If you split a pair of Aces or 10 valued cards and then have a A with a 10 valued card this will not count as blackjack, but rather a total of 21. Your blackjack beats any dealer total except a dealer's blackjack. If both you and the dealer have a blackjack, the hand is a tie or PUSH , and nobody wins or loses. 3:2 NORMAL Your total is greater than dealer's, but less than or equal to 21. 1:1 PUSH The totals of your hand(-s) and of the dealer are the same. BET RETURNED INSURANCE Offered on the dealer's Ace to insure your hand against the dealer receiving a blackjack. It costs 50% of the bet amount for that hand. If the dealer gets a blackjack, the insurance bet pays 2:1 and you lose the initial bet. If the dealer does not get a blackjack, you lose the insurance bet, and the game continues for the initial bet amount. EVEN MONEY This option is offered when the dealer has an Ace and when player has a blackjack. By choosing this option, the player will receive the same amount of his Blackjack. 1:1 The payout format used here means that when you win, you get back your bet plus an amount that is a multiple of your bet. Example: If a bet of 1 is placed on any hand, and you win a Blackjack, then 1 (bet) + 1.5 (win) = 2.5 win amount is credited to your balance for that hand. RETURN TO THE PLAYER The theoretical return to player of this game is 99.50%. FAQ’s: I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected from the Bwin Blackjack Pro game just after all the inputs are given and there is no input required to continue the game, then the game is treated as complete and on re-login you can check the game details in game logs. If you are disconnected while the game is waiting for player input such as after the deal, you will be prompted to complete the game after logging back in. After completing the incomplete game, you can resume playing the game, or you can select another game of your choice. What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Click on ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team.