Baccarat GAME OBJECTIVE: The objective of the BACCARAT game is to guess, which hand will win whether the Banker's hand or the Player's hand by having the closest count to 9. The player can also bet that the hands will result in a tie. HOW TO PLAY: This game can be played with Player, Banker, and Tie. To play, player must place a bet on at least one hand. Each hand may have a different bet amount. To place a bet, click on a chip to select chip value. Click on one of the available betting areas (Player, Banker, and Tie) to place the bet. Every click increases player bets by the value of the selected chip. Once the bets are placed, click the DEAL button. Clicking DOUBLE doubles every bet placed on the table. CLEAR: clears all the bets on the table. Click UNDO to remove the last bet made on the table. To repeat the bet of a previous game, click on the REBET button. Clicking REBET & DEAL repeats the bet of a previous game placed on the table and deals new cards. BET: The total bet amount is shown in the BET meter at the bottom left of the screen. BALANCE : Player's remaining game balance, after player placing desired bet, is shown in the BALANCE meter i.e., the current game balance minus the total bet placed. WIN: The total win amount is shown in the WIN meter at the bottom right of the screen. VOLUME: Clicking on volume Icon will play the game sounds, clicking on the volume icon again will mute the sounds. GAME RULES: Game is played using one deck of (52) cards without jokers. Card values are as follows: The ace card is counted as 1 point each. Tens and face cards (jacks, queens, and kings) are counted as 0 points each. Cards from 2 to 9 are counted as per their numerical face values. Cards point value is displayed in ratio format for both player and banker cards as x:y (separately displayed for player and banker near to their respective cards area). In this x is the total point value for the first two cards and y is the total point value of cards including the 3rd card, if the 3rd is card is not dealt by the player or banker then the x and y values will be the same. Gameplay starts by placing a bet on any of the Player's hand or Banker's hand or Tie. After placing bets, click the DEAL button to start the game. The Banker and Player hands are dealt with 2 cards or 3 cards each. The third card is dealt with based on the third card rules. If Player and Banker hands have same value, then the game is a Tie and bets on Player, Banker hands are returned and considered as a push. Player and Banker hand values are calculated by subtracting 10 from the hand value and that value is considered as hand value. For example, if a Player or Banker has 7 and 8 cards in hand then the hand value is only 5 (15-10=5) in the Baccarat game. If Player or Banker has a hand value of 8 or 9 after the initial 2 cards are drawn, then it is referred to as a Natural and further card will not draw. If there is one hand Natural, then both hands will stand. A third card may or may not be dealt with either player or banker depending on the following rules: If either player or the banker has a total of 8 or 9, they both stand. This rule overrides all other rules. If player's point value of first two cards is 5 or less, then player draws; otherwise, player stands (also shown in Player Hand Third Card Rules table below). If the banker points as less than 5 - The banker will receive a card if the player does not receive the third card. If banker points as 6 - Does not receive a card if a player does not receive the third card. If player draws a third card, the value of the card drawn by player and the value of the banker's hand determines if the banker gets a third card. (Refer to Bankers Hand Third Card Rules table to determine whether banker draws a third card or not.) Malfunction voids all pays and plays PLAYER’S HAND THIRD CARD RULES: Point value of first two cards of Player Player Action 0-1-2-3-4-5 Player draws a third card. 6-7 Player stands. 8-9 (a "natural") No third card to either hand. BANKER’S HAND THIRD CARD RULES: Point Value of First Two Cards of Banker Draws when the player´s third card is: Does not draw when the player´s third card is: 0-1-2 Always draws a card - 3 0-1-2-3-4-5-6-7-9 8 4 2-3-4-5-6-7 0-1-8-9 5 4-5-6-7 0-1-2-3-8-9 6 6-7 0-1-2-3-4-5-8-9 7 Always stands - 8-9 Player cannot draw Player cannot draw PAYTABLE: BET PAYS Player 1:1 Banker 19:20 (5% commission is charged) Tie 8:1 Player: Wins pay double the amount of original bet value. Banker: Wins pay 1.95 (19:20) times the amount of original bet value, which is rounded to 2 decimal places. The game rounds down to the closest cent. For Example: If player bet $0.5, player win $0.97 rounded down from $0.975 The slightly lower return from the Banker bet is that the Banker enjoys a positional advantage, with more information available to decide on drawing a third card. Tie: Wins pay 8 to 1 on a tie, which is often expressed as the equivalent to 9 for 1. Any bets on Player or Banker are returned as a PUSH. RETURN TO PLAYER: The theoretical return to player is 93.986%. BANKER: 98.99% PLAYER: 98.71% TIE: 84.25% Browser Panel Commands: Click on 'History ' to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on 'Rules ' to view the current version number & game rules of the game. Click on ' Deposit ' button to deposit to your account. Click on ‘ Real Money/Demo ’ to switch to real-money or demo-money game mode. The “ History ” functionality is applicable only for the real-money game play. The game rules are identical in both real-money and demo-money modes. FAQ’s: 1. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If player get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play for you. Player will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game logs' button once players logged back in. 2. What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Click on ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit. 3. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team. Last modification date: 5/16/2024