Betmgm Blackjack Pro GAME OBJECTIVE: BetMgm Blackjack Pro is a variant of standard Blackjack that features the Player’s Pair and 21+3 side games. This game allows player to play up to five hands of Blackjack at once, one after the other during game play. The objective is to accumulate cards to get a total of 21 or as close to 21 as possible, without going over 21. The value of a hand is the sum of the point counts of all the cards in the hand. HOW TO PLAY THE GAME: This game can be played with up to five hands. To play, player must place a bet on at least one of player’s hands. Every hand may have a different bet amount. To place a bet, click on a chip in the bottom left of the screen to select player’s chip value. Click on one of the available betting areas (the 5 larger circles) to place the bet. Every click increases player’s bets by the value of the selected chip. Side bets can be placed on the 'Player’s Pair' or the '21+3' betting areas under any of player’s hands to the left or right respectively, as well as on the 'Dealer's Pair' betting area near the Dealer's hand. In each game round, player can place one 'Dealer's Pair' side bet, and a 'Player’s Pair' and '21+3' side bet for each of player’s own hands that has a regular bet placed on it. Player can click CLEAR BETS to remove all bets from the table. Clicking DOUBLE doubles every bet player has placed on the table. Click UNDO to remove the last bet made from the table. The minimum and maximum bet limits depend on player’s VIP level and are shown at the top of the table. The limits apply to the initial bet only. Actions that require an additional bet (Split, Insurance, and Double) can still be used even if player placed a bet equal to the maximum bet. Click the DEAL button to deal the cards. 2 cards are dealt to each of the player's hands and to the dealer's hand. The cards are dealt clockwise, one at a time to each hand in turns, with the first card going to the rightmost player hand. The last card goes to the dealer hand and is dealt face down. If player is playing more than one hand, actions are taken for each hand separately, starting from the rightmost hand, once the cards have been dealt. If the Dealer's face up card is an Ace, player is offered insurance. Click ACCEPT to insure one hand at a time against the dealer having Blackjack or click DECLINE for each hand if player do not want insurance. As soon as ACCEPT or DECLINE button is chosen, APPLY TO ALL button will not be shown for the remaining hands. To accept or decline insurance for all the hands at a time, toggle the APPLY TO ALL button to Green color and then click the ACCEPT or DECLINE button. This is also applicable for the “ EVEN MONEY? ” scenario. If player’s first two cards have the same value, player can split player’s hand by clicking SPLIT . Click HIT to request another card or click DOUBLE to double player’s bet and receive a third card. If player do not want any more cards, click STAND . Please note that Insurance, Double and Split require an additional bet. If player’s balance does not have enough money to cover these expenses, player will need to deposit more money to use these options. When player have played player’s final hand the dealer then reveals the dealer’s face down card and may draw additional cards, in accordance with the rules. When the dealer has stopped taking cards, each of player’s hand is compared to the Dealer's hand. If player’s hand has a higher value than the dealer's and has not exceeded 21, player win with that hand. If any hand value reaches 22 or more, it is bust and automatically loses. If player want to play another round, place bets as described above or click REBET to place the same bets as in the previous round, then click DEAL to deal the cards. Click REBET & DEAL to place the same bets as in the previous round or DOUBLE & DEAL to place doubled bets of the previous round and deal cards immediately. BET : The total bet amount is shown in the BET meter at the bottom left of the screen. BALANCE: Player’s remaining game balance, after player have placed the desired bet, is shown in BALANCE meter i.e. the current game balance minus the total bet placed. WIN : The total win amount is shown in the WIN meter at the bottom right of the screen. Volume: Volume ON Icon will play the game sounds. Click on Volume OFF icon will mute the sounds and vice-versa. BUTTONS: DEAL – Deal the cards CLEAR BETS – Clear the table of all bets. UNDO – Remove player’s last bet. HIT – Request one more card. STAND – Draw no more cards and end player’s turn. DOUBLE – When no cards have been dealt yet i.e. before starting the game play, this button doubles all bets on the table. When cards have been dealt, this button doubles the bet on the selected hand and requests a final card. SPLIT – Split the hand into two if player’s hold a pair. REBET – Place the same bets as in the previous round. REBET & DEAL – Place the same bets as in the previous round and deal the cards. DOUBLE & DEAL – Double player’s bets from the previous round and deal the cards. ACCEPT – Click to accept Insurance and protect player’s bet for the current hand in case the dealer has Blackjack. DECLINE – Click to decline Insurance against the Dealer having Blackjack and skip bet protection for the current hand. APPLY TO ALL – Click to either accept or decline Insurance for all hands against the Dealer having Blackjack RULES: The objective of BetMgm Blackjack Pro is to get a hand that totals 21 or is closer to 21 than the dealer's hand without exceeding 21. The value of a hand is the sum of the individual card values. Blackjack is the highest hand and consists of two cards: An Ace and any 10-point card. Blackjack beats a score of 21. Player can choose 1 to 5 hands to play on in a game round. The chosen hands are played clockwise, starting from player’s rightmost hand. The dealer's hand is played last. Player may split, double and take Insurance, just like in standard Blackjack. The Dealer will only check for Blackjack if the dealers first card is an ace, king, queen, jack or 10. BetMgm Blackjack Pro is a variant of Blackjack with the following rules: 8 decks of cards are used. After each round, used cards are returned to the deck and the deck is shuffled. Aces count as either 1 or 11, face cards count as 10 and number cards count at their face values. The Dealer will automatically check for Blackjack, if Dealer's first face-up card is 10, J, Q, K or A. The player may not split a Split hand. Only one card is drawn to each Ace in a Split hand. A player can place a double down wager on a split pair, except on split aces. Ace and a 10-point card after a split are considered 21, and not Blackjack. Blackjack pays 1.5 times the bet amount (3 to 2). If the total value of the Player’s cards is closer to 21 than the Dealer's after the dealer has stopped taking cards, the player wins the bet amount (1 to 1). If the total of the Player's cards is more than 21, the player's hand is “Bust” and the player automatically loses the bet for that hand. If the Player and the Dealer have the same point total (17 to 21), neither of them wins and the player's bet is returned to the player in a “Push”. The Dealer always draws to 16. The Dealer stands when the dealer's hand has a value of 17 or greater (including soft 17). The Dealer does not draw when the player is “Bust”. Blackjack beats a score of 21. Double option will not be offered in case of Ace split. When the player wins bet amount plus the payout amount is paid. SPLIT: If player’s first 2 cards have the same value, then player may split them into 2 separate hands. The second hand will have the same bet as the hand it was split from. Player will then draw additional cards to each hand. Player may draw as many cards as player like on each split hand unless player split 2 aces (in which case player can receive only 1 additional card for each ace). If player receive an ace and a 10-value card in a split hand, it is considered 21 and not Blackjack. Player’s only allowed to split once, even if a split hand is paired. Double option will not be offered in case of Ace split. DOUBLE: Player can double player’s bet on a hand before player take a third card. Player cannot double the bet on a hand after taking a third card. After doubling a bet, a final card will be dealt to player automatically. Player can double on all player’s hands if player wish. Player can also double player’s bet on a split hand. INSURANCE: If the dealer's first face up card is an Ace, player will be given a chance to insure each of player’s regular bets against the dealer having Blackjack. If player take Insurance, then an amount equal to half player’s original bet will be deducted from player’s balance and placed separately on the table. If the dealer has Blackjack, player is paid 2 to 1 on player’s insurance. This way player does not lose player’s original bet (because player receive the value of player’s original bet plus the insurance amount back). If the dealer does not have Blackjack, player lose the insurance amount. Insurance does not affect any side bets. EVEN MONEY: If the dealer has an Ace, and the player has a BLACKJACK , the player has the option of “EVEN MONEY” . Click on ACCEPT for this hand, the player will receive the same amount (1:1) for the Blackjack, without the Dealer’s face-down card even being exposed, thus protecting the player from a possible Dealer’s Blackjack. The player may also click on DECLINE for this hand. If the Dealer does not have a blackjack, the player will be paid at a normal relation of 3:2 for the Blackjack. If the first two cards dealt to the player are an Ace and a 10 -valued card combination, the hand is BLACKJACK and pays 3:2 if it beats the dealer. But if the dealer has BLACKJACK too the result is PUSH . If player have an Ace and a 10-valued card after splitting, the hand value is 21 only and not BLACKJACK . If the 21-valued hand wins, it is paid at odds of 1:1. When the dealer hand is complete the results are displayed on both the Dealer's and the player's cards. APPLY TO ALL toggle button will not be shown if any of the hand(s) has a BLACKJACK . APLLY TO ALL toggle button will be shown if all player hand(s) has BLACKJACK and Dealer has an Ace. Sound Effects: Player will be able to hear a voice over sounds for the following: Double voice over will be heard on clicking “Double” button. Insurance voice over will be heard when the insurance is offered. You Win voice over will be heard on winning any normal hand. Bust voice over will be heard when Dealer or Player hand is a Bust. Blackjack voice over will be heard when Dealer or Player has a Blackjack. Cards Total Count voice over will be heard for each hand when cards are dealt and on completion. Push voice over will be heard when Push is awarded. SIDE BETS: A side bet is a wager, player can make beyond the regular game bet to get an extra win even if player’s regular game hand does not win. The side bet payout depends on the combination that the cards form. PLAYER’S PAIRS: Player can place a Player’s Pair side bet on the 'Player’s Pair' betting area, found beneath each regular betting area, for each of player’s hands that has a regular bet placed on it. The Dealer's Pair side bet can be placed on the 'Dealer's Pair' betting area near the dealer's hand once per game round. This type of side bet wins when the first two cards in the hand form a Perfect Pair, a Colored Pair or a Red/Black Pair. Player’s Pair means that Player’s, or the Dealer's, first two cards form a pair of the same face value, color and suit (for example, two 4 of Diamonds cards). Colored Pair means that Player’s, or the Dealer's, first two cards form a pair of the same color and same face value but different suits (for example, 4 of Diamonds and 4 of Hearts). Red/Black Pair means that Player’s, or Dealer's first two cards form a pair of the same face value, but with different colors and suits (for example, 4 of Diamonds and 4 of Spades) 21+3 BETS: Players can place a 21+3 side bet on the '21+3' betting area, found beneath each regular betting area, for each of Player’s hand that has a regular bet placed on it. This type of side bet wins if the combination of first two cards of the player and the Dealer's first card form a Flush, Straight, three of a Kind, Straight Flush or Suited Three of a Kind. Flush: Any three cards of the same suit, e.g. King of Hearts, 2 of Hearts and 8 of Hearts. Straight: Three cards of consecutive face value and any suit, e.g. 5 of Clubs, 6 of Hearts and 7 of Spades. Three of a Kind: Three cards of the same face value and any suit, e.g. King of Diamonds, King of Diamonds and King of Spades. Straight Flush: Three cards of consecutive face value in the same suit, e.g. 5 Hearts, 6 of Hearts and 7 of Hearts. Suited Three of a Kind: Three cards of the same face value and suit, e.g. 3 x King of Diamonds. The Perfect Pair, Colored Pair, Red/Black Pair, and 21+3 combinations pay in accordance with the Pay table below. Side bets cannot be placed without placing a regular bet. All types of side bets can be placed at the same time. Bet Limits: Player can choose one among the 3 stake levels (Low Stake, Expert Stake and VIP Stake levels). The minimum and maximum bet value depends on the stake level selected by the player. The default stake level is Expert stake level. Browser Panel Commands: Click on 'Rules ' to view game rules of the game. Click on 'History ' to view the logs of the games played by player. Click on ' Deposit ' button to add funds to player account. Click on ‘ Real Money/Demo ’ to switch to real-money or demo game mode. The “ History ” functionality is applicable only for the real-money game play. PAYTABLE: PAYTABLE Winnings Pays Winning Hand 1:1 Insurance 2:1 Blackjack 3:2 Push Bet Returned EVEN MONEY Accept 1:1 Decline 3:2 PAIR PAYS Perfect Pairs 25:1 Colored Pair 12:1 Red/Black Pair 6:1 21+3 PAYS Suited Three of a Kind 100:1 Straight Flush 40:1 Three of a Kind 30:1 Straight 10:1 Flush 5:1 The payout format used here means that when player win, player get back player’s bet plus an amount that is a multiple of player’s bet. Example: If a bet of 1 is placed on any hand, and player win a Blackjack, then 1 (bet) + 1.5 (win) = 2.5win amount is credited to player’s balance for that hand. RETURN TO THE PLAYER: The theoretical return to player for the main Blackjack game is 99.55%. The theoretical return to player for the 21+3 side bet is 96.29 %. The theoretical return to player for the Player’s Pair side bet is 95.90%. FAQ’s: 1. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If player get disconnected from the Bet MGM Blackjack pro game just after all the inputs are given and there is no input required to continue the game, then the game is treated as complete and on re-login Players can check the game details in History. If player is disconnected while the game is waiting for player input such as after the deal, player will be prompted to complete the game after logging back in. After completing the incomplete game, player can resume playing the game, or player can select another game of player’s choice. 2. What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Click on ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit. 3. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. 4. If player’s still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team.