BIG CASH BANDITO Game Objective: Big Cash Bandito is a 5x5 slot game with 50 paylines and 3 different WILD symbols. A bonus round is triggered if a Bandito and CASHWILD symbol land in view. During the bonus round collecting further CASHWILD symbols expand the Bandito symbol which act as sticky wild for the duration of the bonus. How to play: Setting 'BETS': When player enter the game, a default bet is set. Player can change the bet value by clicking the + or - buttons either side of the BET meter in desktop and by tapping hamburger menu and changing the bet meter in mobile. On clicking the Bet icon, selection window will pop out, player can select the desired bet in between Min and Max bets. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount wagered on the previous spin. Just click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. Spin: The SPIN button in the middle starts the game in desktop. The SPIN button is at the bottom of the game screen in portrait mode and at the right side of the game screen in landscape mode in mobile. Paytable: The Paytable can be viewed by clicking on the ‘ i ’ button located above the bet panel. You can go back to the game by clicking on the down arrow in the Paytable screen. Paytable in mobile can be viewed by tapping on hamburger menu and selecting the paytable option. Volume: The volume icon will play the game music. Click on the volume icon to mute the volume. Credits: After placing the desired bet remaining game balance is shown under ‘BALANCE’. Player current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the ‘BALANCE’ meter and the 'BET' meter. Game balance is shown at the bottom of the game screen. 'AUTO SPIN': Select the AUTOSPIN option for hands-free play. For UK/Ontario users auto spin option will not be applicable. To configure Auto Spins, the player should click on the Auto Spin button and then select the number of spins to be spun. Click on the spin stop button to stop the AUTO SPIN feature. In play-money mode, the ‘AUTO SPIN’ option will be disabled. Mobile Options: Tap the Hamburger Menu Icon to view Paytable and Game Rules Tap the ‘i’ icon to view game rules. Tap the Paytable option to view Paytable screen. Tap the close icon to go back to the game play . Game Rules: Big Cash Bandito is a 5x5 slot game with 50 paylines. Pressing SPIN begins the game with the currently selected BET. Bet values can be changed by clicking on ‘+’ and ‘-’ buttons. All symbol wins are multiplied by the amount total bet including Bandito symbol. All symbols pay from left to right, starting from left-most reel in consecutive order. Payouts are paid according to the paytable. Coinciding wins on different paylines are added to the balance. Only the highest win amount on each payline is paid. Bandito symbol is Wild and substitutes for all other symbols except for CASHWILD and WILDSHOT. CASHWILD symbol substitutes for all symbols except WILDSHOT. Land both a Big Cash Bandito symbol and a CASHWILD in the same spin to activate the Big Cash Bandito Bonus Game. After a CASHWILD symbol lands it sticks with a further re-spin. With any spin there is a chance that a random amount of bullets (2,3, or 4) can shoot the reels leaving WILDSHOT in place of the symbol position where they hit. WILDSHOT is a x2 multiplier WILD. It substitutes for all other symbols except for CASHWILD and Bandito symbol. The maximum win amount in this game is capped to 250,000 EUR or its equivalent currency during Main game or Big Cash Bandito Bonus Game. The game will be terminated when the maximum win amount is reached. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The theoretical return to player of this game is 94.29%. Logging into your account on the desktop website and selecting the option “Game logs” inside any game will allow you to access your game play history. Big Cash Bandito Bonus Game: The bonus round is triggered with Big Cash Bandito symbol and the CASHWILD anywhere in view and 5 Freespins are awarded. If a new CASHWILD lands on the reels Big Cash Bandito symbol will slide across the reels to collect the CASHWILD and grow his money bag. Each CASHWILD symbol collected is added to the meter above reels. Once Bandito has collected 5x CASHWILD symbols. Bandito symbol expands to 2 x 2 size and three more Freespins are awarded. If 5 x more CASHWILD are collected during Freespins then Bandito will expand to 3 x 3 size and three more Freespins are awarded. If 5 x more CASHWILD are collected during Freespins then Bandito will expand to 4 x 4 size and three more Freespins are awarded. If 3 x more CASHWILD are collected Bandito will expand to 5 x 5 size, fill the reel screen and one more Freespin is awarded. Browser Button Panel Commands: Click on Game Rules to view the detailed rules of the game as a web page. Click on Game Logs to view the logs of the game’s player have played. Click on Real/Play to switch between real-money or play-money mode. Click on the Deposit button to deposit money into player account. The Game Logs functionality is applicable only for real-money game play. Return to the player: The theoretical return to player of this game is 94.29%. FAQ’s: I could not complete the game. What should I do? If player gets disconnected in the middle of the game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game logs' button once you have logged back in. 2.What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Click on ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit. 3. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Service team. Last modification date: 8/21/2023