Borgata Cash Spinner Game Objective: Borgata Cash Spinner is a 5x3 reels 10 fixed paylines slot game with TheBigOne jackpot. There are only four symbols: two that pay, a blank, and a wheel scatter symbol. 3 or more Wheel symbols appear anywhere on the Reels triggers a Wheel Feature round. Paytable Winlines Game Information: Game is played with 10 fixed paylines. SPIN can be triggered by clicking on the spin button with the current selected BET. The ticker messages will appear below the reel set of game screen. Payouts are displayed on the PAYTABLE. Whenever there is a win, the total BALANCE will update, and the amount won in the spin is shown in the WIN meter at the bottom of the game. The game and game rules are identical in both the real-money and demo modes, except that autospin option will not be available in demo mode. How to play: Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet is set. You can change the bet per win by clicking the + or - buttons available on either side of the BET meter. LINES: Ten lines are selected by default. Lines are fixed and lines count cannot be changed. The Total bet is 10 times the bet per line and is shown near BET in the lower left of the screen. MAX BET: Click on ‘MAX BET’ to select the maximum possible bet. If your balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled. Paytable: The paytable can be viewed by clicking on the ‘ i ’ button located in a panel above the bet panel. Spin: The SPIN button in the lower right corner starts the game. Volume: The volume icon will play the game music. Click on the Volume icon to mute the volume. 'AUTOSPIN': Select the AUTOSPIN for hands-free play. The available options are: Number of spins: The game will spin for the number of rotations selected from the slider menu. You can choose a maximum of 1000 spins and play until your balance is more than the total bet placed. Spin till Win equals or exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the win amount is equals or exceeds the amount entered. Spin till feature trigger: The game will automatically spin until the next feature is triggered. The auto spin game is terminated whenever The Big One Jackpot is triggered between auto spins. To make use of the Auto spin feature, click on the 'AUTOSPIN' button in the bottom of the game screen. When the Auto spin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Select from the drop-down menu where applicable. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Similarly, click on Stop Auto spin button to stop the AUTO SPIN feature and return to the game screen. When playing with multiple options and conditions selected, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be disabled. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again or opt for new option(s) and proceed with the game. 'AUTO SPIN' option will be disabled in the demo-money mode. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount you wagered on the previous spin. Just click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. ­To change your bet, increase or decrease the Bet shown on the game screen. Credits: After you have placed the desired bet, your remaining game balance is shown under ‘BALANCE’. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the ‘BALANCE’ meter and the 'BET' meter. Your game balance is shown at the bottom of the game screen. Game Settings: Volume: Player can set the volume of the sound effects and ambience by sliding through the Volume button. Sound effects: Toggle between On / Off to enable or disable the game win animation sounds. Ambience sound: Toggle between On / Off to enable or disable the game background sound. Quick spin: By checking this option, game play is faster than the regular spin. Spacebar to spin: By checking this option, Spacebar key can be used to trigger a spin. GAME RULES Players can play the game with 10 fixed paylines. All payouts are made according to the Paytable. Clicking SPIN starts the game with the selected BET (Stake) and 10 fixed LINES. MAX BET selects maximum bet value. The highest win amount is paid on each payline. Coinciding wins on different paylines are added to your total win. Dice and Cherry symbols pay when 3 or more identical symbols appear adjacent to one another on paylines irrespective of direction. Wheel and O symbols do not have any payouts. When 3 or more Wheel symbols appear anywhere on the Reels triggers a Wheel Feature round Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The theoretical return to player of this game is 93.19%. Jackpot Contribution/RTP is 3.004%. Gameplay history can be accessed by logging into player account on the desktop website and choosing menu “History” inside any game. FEATURE GAME RULES Wheel Feature round is triggered when three or more Wheel symbols appear anywhere on the reels. Player needs to click on Spin button in order to spin the wheel. Player will be awarded with one spin for each wheel symbol appeared on Reels. The number on which wheel stops is the prize multiplier which will be multiplied by the triggering bet. Player will be awarded with any of these multipliers randomly. X1, X2, X3, X4, X5, X7, X10, X15, X20, X25, X50, X200. Multiplier won will be multiplied by the amount total bet. Spin Bank counter will be displayed on top of the reels during the Feature game, which shows the cumulative total of the feature game win amounts. Jackpot Rules: The Big One jackpot can be triggered anytime, either during normal spin, auto spin or after the Feature game. The main screen then changes to jackpot screen after the user has won jackpot game in which all the jackpots and their values are listed. There are 5 different jackpots, each of which has a unique color. All five colors are shown on the wheel. The orange color represents the Blitz Cash Jackpot The red color represents the Quick Cash Jackpot. The blue color represents the Super Cash Jackpot. The green color represents Mega Cash Jackpot. The lavender color represents Colossal Cash Jackpot. The spin button is shown on the control panel. By clicking on the SPIN button, the wheel rotates and stops on a particular color and the respective jackpot is awarded. When a particular jackpot is cracked, a pop-up is shown on the jackpot screen which displays the type of jackpot and the amount awarded. By clicking on "OK" in the pop-up, it navigates to main game screen. If multiple jackpots are cracked at the same time, by clicking on "OK" in the pop-up, the "SPIN" button on the jackpot screen is enabled to continue further game play. You can see the current values of all five jackpots in the jackpot ticker area in the main game screen. Big One Jackpots have two pools for each jackpot tier, current instance pool and reserve pool During game play a % of the total bet (mentioned below) is contributed towards both the pools Jackpot Name Initial Seed (USD) Instance Contribution % Reserve Contribution % The Big One Colossal Cash $ 1,000,000.00 0.964% 1.25% The Big One Mega Cash $ 10,000.00 0.1% 0.125% The Big One Super Cash $750.00 0.03% 0.015% The Big One Quick Cash $200.00 0.1% 0.1% The Big One Blitz Cash $40.00 0.12% 0.2% Each jackpot starts with initial seed amount. Initial Jackpot seed is funded by “The House”, and the subsequent instances are funded from reserve pool, the amount accumulated in reserve pool becomes the next seed. Big One jackpots are played across multiple games and all games have equal probability of winning the jackpot A jackpot instance can only won by one player, and this applies for all Jackpot tiers. In-case of network disconnections during the Jackpot wheel feature, jackpot win will be credited to player account balance automatically. The jackpot is triggered randomly. Any bet is eligible for jackpot. The more you wager the higher the chances of hitting the jackpot. The number of spins awarded in jackpot screen equals the number of jackpots awarded. Only real money play will contribute to the jackpot amount. Jackpot contributions and triggering will not be applicable for games played on "play for fun/demo" mode. The maximum jackpot amount player can get from each of the above jackpot is 10,000,000 USD. Jackpot Contribution/RTP is 3.004%. Browser Button Panel Commands: Click on Rules to view the detailed rules of the game as web page. Click on History to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on Real-money/Demo to switch between real-money or demo mode. Click on the ‘ Deposit’ button to deposit money into your account. The History functionality is applicable only for the real-money game play. Return to the Player: Theoretical return to player for this game excluding jackpot is 93.19%. Jackpot Contribution/RTP is 3.004%. FAQ’s: 1. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'History' button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected in the middle of the feature round, you will be prompted to complete it after logging back in. After completing the feature round, you can continue game play, or you can select another game of your choice. 2. What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Click on ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit. 3. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team.