Bison Fury- The Stampede Game Objective: Bison Fury the stampede is a five reel, "All Ways Slot” game with 1024 possible ways to win in the main game as well as free spins. Symbols pay from left to right in consecutive combinations (Ways). Freespins are triggered with three or more Scattered Sunset symbols appearing anywhere in view. The free spins feature can be re-triggered within free spins. The Eagle Coin wild symbol appears only on reels 2, 3 and 4 and substitutes for all other symbols, except for Scattered Sunset symbols. . During any spin stampeding Bisons can extend the reels up to a maximum of 8 symbols, giving 32768 ways to win. How to play: Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet is set. You can change the bet value by clicking the + or - buttons either side of the BET meter in desktop. You can alter the bet by tapping hamburger menu and changing the bet meter in mobile. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount you wagered on the previous spin. Just click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. To change your bet, increase or decrease the bet shown on the game screen. MAX BET: Click on ‘MAX BET’ to select the maximum possible bet. If your balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled in desktop. Spin: The SPIN button in the middle starts the game in desktop. The SPIN button is at the bottom of the game screen in portrait mode and at the right side of the game screen in landscape mode in mobile. Paytable: The Paytable can be viewed by clicking on the ‘ i ’ button located above the bet panel. You can go back to the game by clicking on the down arrow in the Paytable screen. Paytable in mobile can be viewed by tapping on hamburger menu and selecting the paytable option. Volume: The volume icon will play the game music. Click on the volume icon to mute the volume. Credits: After you have placed the desired bet, your remaining game balance is shown under ‘BALANCE’. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the ‘BALANCE’ meter and the 'BET' meter. Your game balance is shown at the bottom of the game screen. 'AUTOSPIN': Select the AUTOSPIN for hands-free play. For UK user auto spin option will be in disabled mode. To make use of the Auto spin feature, click on the 'AUTOSPIN' button in the bottom of the game screen. When the auto spin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Select from the drop-down menu where applicable. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Similarly, click on stop auto spin button to stop the AUTO SPIN feature and return to the game screen. The available options under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will spin for the number of rotations selected from the slider menu. You can choose a maximum of 1000 spins and play until your balance is more than the total bet placed. Spin till Win equals or exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the win amount equals or exceeds the amount entered in the numeric text box. Spin till Loss not exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the loss limit is reached. Loss will be calculated with (Loss = Total bets - Total wins) Total bets=accumulated total bets Total wins=accumulated total wins (((Total bets- Total wins) + current game bet) Spin till feature trigger: The game will automatically spin until the next feature is triggered. When playing with multiple options and conditions selected, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be disabled. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again or opt for new option(s) and proceed with the game. 'AUTO SPIN' option will be disabled in the play-money mode. Game Settings: To make use of Game Settings, click on the ‘settings button’ at the bottom of the game screen in between Paytable and Sound icons. Volume: Players can set the volume of the sound effects and ambience by sliding using the volume button. Sound effects: Toggle between On / Off to enable or disable the game win animation sounds. Ambience sound: Toggle between On / Off to enable or disable the game background sound. Quick spin: By checking this option, game play is faster than the regular spin and for UK player this option will be in disabled mode. Space bar to spin: By checking this option, the space bar can be used to trigger a spin. This option stays disabled if the intro video is not available for a game. MOBILE OPTIONS: Tap the Hamburger Menu Icon to view options such as the Paytable, bet settings , auto spin , settings , “i” button and Cashier in mobile. Tap the Home option to navigate back to lobby screen. Tap the Paytable option to view Paytable screen. Tap back button to go back to the game play. Tap the Volume icon to play the game music and vice versa. Tap the ‘ $’ option to navigate to deposit screen. Tap anywhere on the screen to come out from the options. The reel structure numbering for winning combinations in main game and free spin game is as below: Main game: 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 Free spin game: 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 If two of the same symbols appear on reel 1 and 2, followed by three of that symbol appears on reel 3 in different rows, the way win does not pay for 5 of that symbol combination together. Instead, it will pay for 3 separate way wins using those 3 of the same symbols appearing on reel 3. e.g. If symbol nine lands on reel 1 and 2, and 3 x nine symbols land on reel 3, there will be three different way wins for the symbol nine. Each way would be a win with three consecutive occurrences of the symbol nine. The reel positions for the symbol nine way wins will be as below: 0, 1, 2 0, 1, 7 0, 1, 12 Way wins are multiplied by total bet amount. The Scattered Sunset symbols do not have any payout. There are 1024 possible ways to win in the main game as well as free spins. Game Rules: Bison Fury the Stampede is a five reel, "All Ways Slot” game with 1024 possible ways. Stampeding Bisons can extend the reels up to 8 symbols increasing the win possibilities to 32768 ways . All payouts are made according to paytable. Total Bet is 40 times the selected Bet value. BET amount can be changed by using the ‘- ‘and ‘+’ buttons. SPIN begins the game with currently selected BET. Way wins are multiplied by the amount total bet. Only the highest win on each possible win combination will be paid. All Possible Wins are added to balance. All symbols pay left to right, starting from the left-most reel except for scatter symbol which pays anywhere in reel . Eagle Coin is a Wild symbol which substitutes for all symbols except for Scattered sunset symbol. Wild (Eagle Coin) and Scatter (Sunset) symbols do not have payout. Wild (Eagle Coin) symbol appears only on reels 2,3 and 4 in both base game and Free Spins and doesn’t appear on 1 and 5 reels. The Free Spins feature will be triggered when 3 or more Scattered Sunset symbols appear anywhere on the reel view. If we get both Raising Bison & Top reel bison feature at a time, then we can get maximum of 8x5 reel set Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The maximum win in this game is capped to 250,000 EUR or its equivalent amount in your currency during the main game or bonus game. Further Free Spins and wins will be forfeited if the highest win is reached during the Free Spins. Gameplay history can be accessed by logging into player account on the desktop website and choosing menu “History” inside any game. if top reel bison and raising bison features triggered at same time, then top reel bison will add bison symbols first then raising bison will stampede and will add extra symbols to the reel set. However top reel bison symbols remains at the top of the reel. If free spins, raising bison & top reel bison triggered at a time, then top reel bison will take precedence followed by raising bison feature. Free Spins will continue after completing these 2 features. Free spins feature: The Free Spins feature will be triggered when 3 or more Scattered Sunset symbols appear anywhere on the reel view. Players will be awarded 8 Free Spins for 3 scatters, 16 Free Spins for 4 scatters and 40 Free Spins for 5 scatters. During the Free Spins feature Wild (Eagle Coin) symbol acts as a sticky wild. All way wins during Free Spins are multiplied by the bet which triggered free spins. The Feature re-trigger during the Free Spins will add Free Spins based on the number of scatter (Sunset) symbols appeared on reels i.e., 3 Scatters will re-trigger 8, 4 scatters will re-trigger 16 and 5 scatters will re-trigger 40 free spins. Scatter symbols do not have any direct payout. Sticky Wild Rules: During the Free Spins feature, if the Wild (Eagle Coin) symbol appears in view awards re-spins, a random number between 1-5 is displayed on the Wild (Eagle Coin ) symbol and the Wild (Eagle Coin) sticks to the position until counter on respective Wild (Eagle coin) reaches to 0. The Wild (Eagle Coin) will stick in place as the re-spins are counted down to 0. The number shown on any Eagle Coin(s) counts down for each re-spin. During re-spins further wild (Eagle Coins) in view will add more sticky wilds (Eagle Coins) and re-spins. The more awarded re-spins are added to the re-spin counter displayed at the bottom of the game. The sticky Wild (Eagle Coin) symbol disappears on completion of re-spins and the player will be continued with the remaining Free Spins. If we have both Sticky Wild appears along with Rising Bison Feature & Top Reel Bison, then the re-spins awarded for the sticky wild feature will be continued with the extended reel set. E.g., If free spin 1 gets a rising bison on reels 2 and 3 and gets a wild. The extra height of reels 2 and 3 will stay until the re-spin feature ends. Once re-spins feature activates, Raising Bison & Top Reel Bison Feature’s will not be activated. Rising Bison Feature: The Rising Bison Feature can be triggered in any game. Bison’s will stampede vertically from bottom to top and the height of the reels will expand, up to as many as all five reels Winnings will be paid according to the paytable. The extended reel contains all symbols. The Height of the reel is random. If player gets more than one stampeding bison then the height of the newly added reel will be same as first reel. Top Reel Bison Feature The Top Reel Bison Feature Can be triggered in any game. Bison’s will stampede horizontally from right to left, across the top of the reels adding Bison symbol. Up to 5 Bison symbols, 1 per reel will be added randomly. Jackpot Rules: The Big One jackpot can be triggered anytime, either during normal spin, auto spin or after the Free spin feature game. When player hits a jackpot, game screen then moves to jackpot screen where a Jackpot wheel with list of jackpot names is available. Win amounts for the current jackpot spin are mentioned in the Jackpot table. There are 5 different jackpots, each of which has a unique color. All five jackpots are shown on the wheel. By clicking on the SPIN button, the wheel rotates and stops on any one jackpot name and the respective jackpot amount is awarded. Big One jackpots are played across multiple games and all games have equal probability of winning the jackpot. A jackpot instance can only won by one player, and this applies for all Jackpot tiers. In-case of network disconnections during the Jackpot wheel feature, jackpot win will be credited to player account balance automatically. The jackpot is triggered randomly. Any bet is eligible for the jackpot. The more you wager the higher the chances of hitting the jackpot. The number of spins awarded in jackpot screen equals the number of jackpots awarded. Only real money play will contribute to the jackpot amount. Jackpot contributions and triggering will not be applicable for games played on "play for fun/demo" mode. Jackpot Contribution/RTP is 1.88%. Browser Button Panel Commands: Click on Game Rules to view the detailed rules of the game as web page. Click on Game Logs to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on Responsible Gaming to open Responsible Gaming page. Click on Real/Play to switch between real-money or play-money mode. Click on Star to add or remove game from your favorites. Click on the ‘ Deposit’ button to deposit money into your account. The Game logs functionality is applicable only for the real-money game play. Return to the player: The theoretical return to player of this game excluding jackpot is 93.11%. Jackpot Contribution/RTP is 1.88% FAQ’s: 1. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game logs' button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected in the middle of the feature round, you will be prompted to complete it after logging back in. After completing the gamble feature, you can continue game play, or you can select another game of your choice. 2.What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Click on ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit. 3. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. 4. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Service team. Last modification date: 4/19/2023