Baccarat Going For Gold GAME OBJECTIVE: Baccarat Going for Gold is played with 6 standard decks of playing cards. The objective of the BACCARAT game is to guess which hand will win whether the Banker's hand or the Player's hand by having the closest count to 9. The player can also bet that the hands will result in a tie. Baccarat Going for Gold also has 2 side bets which the player can also place bets on. PERFECT PAIRS Perfect Pairs side bet is played independently of the baccarat game. The player can place a bet on the player or banker or both, on having “perfect pairs”. PAIR PAYS PERFECT PAIRS 25:1 COLORED PAIRS 12:1 MIXED PAIRS 6:1 Th e outcome is decided on the first two cards dealt to the player or banker and is paid with the following odds. Perfect Pair is same card same suit, example: - Ace of diamonds & Ace of diamonds. Colored Pair is same card same color, example: - Jack of diamonds & Jack of hearts. Mixed pair is the same number but any suit, example: - King of diamonds & King of spades. GOING FOR GOLD: Going for Gold is a side bet game played independently from the baccarat game. To player must place a chip on the player position to be able to play the Going for Gold side bet game, then also a chip on the Going for Gold. The player then requires all cards played to be red to trigger the Going for Gold feature. The player will be shown 15 medals and asked to select a random medal. The game will continue until the player has collected 3 medals of the same color. 3 Gold medals awards the progressive pot 3 Silver medals pays 45x 3 Bronze medals pays 15x Only a single chip can be placed on the Going for Gold side bet. But any value chip from the chips available can be placed. PROGRESSIVE GOLD POT: Initial jackpot seed is funded by “The house” and subsequent instances are funded from a reserve pool where the amount accumulated in the reserve becomes the next seed. The progressive gold pot is exclusive to this game and not shared with any other games. Only real money play contributes to the gold pot. Jackpot Name Initial Seed (USD) Instance Contribution % Reserve Contribution % Gold Jackpot $10,000 4.49% 9.3428% The maximum jackpot win a player can get from this jackpot is USD 250,000. All players playing Going for Gold will contribute to the gold pot. Jackpot contribution is 13.83%. HOW TO PLAY: This game can be played with Player, Banker, and Tie. To play, the player must place a bet on at least one hand. Each hand may have a different bet amount. To place a bet, click on a chip to select chip value. Click on one of the available betting areas (Player, Banker, and Tie) to place the bet. Every click increases player bets by the value of the selected chip. Once the bets are placed, click the DEAL button. Clicking DOUBLE doubles every bet placed on the table. CLEAR : clears all the bets on the table. Click UNDO to remove the last bet made on the table. To repeat the bet of a previous game, click on the REBET button. Clicking REBET & DEAL repeats the bet of a previous game placed on the table and deals new cards. BET : The total bet amount is shown in the BET meter at the bottom left of the screen. BALANCE : Player's remaining game balance, after player placing desired bet, is shown in the BALANCE meter i.e., the current game balance minus the total bet placed. WIN : The total win amount is shown in the WIN meter at the bottom right of the screen. VOLUME : Clicking on volume Icon will play the game sounds, clicking on the volume icon again will mute the sounds. GAME RULES: Game is played using 6 decks which contains 52 cards in each deck, without jokers. Card values are as follows: The ace card is counted as 1 point each. Tens and face cards (jacks, queens, and kings) are counted as 0 points each. Cards from 2 to 9 are counted as per their numerical face values. Gameplay starts by placing a bet on any of the Player's hand or Banker's hand or Tie. After placing bets, click the DEAL button to start the game. The Banker and Player hands are dealt with 2 cards or 3 cards each. The third card is dealt with based on the third card rules. If Player and Banker hands have same value, then the game is a Tie and bets on Player, Banker hands are returned and considered as a push. Player and Banker hand values are calculated by subtracting 10 from the hand value and that value is considered as hand value. For example, if a Player or Banker has 7 and 8 cards in hand then the hand value is only 5 (15-10=5) in the Baccarat game. If Player or Banker has a hand value of 8 or 9 after the initial 2 cards are drawn, then it is referred to as a Natural and further card will not draw. If there is one hand Natural, then both hands will stand. A third card may or may not be dealt with either player or banker depending on the following rules. If either player or the banker has a total of 8 or 9, they both stand. This rule overrides all other rules. If the player’s point value of first two cards is 5 or less, then player draws; otherwise, player stands (also shown in Player Hand Third Card Rules table below). If the banker points as less than 5 - The banker will receive a card if the player does not receive the third card. If banker points as 6 - Does not receive a card if a player does not receive the third card. If player draws a third card, the value of the card drawn by player and the value of the banker's hand determines if the banker gets a third card. (Refer to Bankers Hand Third Card Rules table to determine whether banker draws a third card or not.) After each round, used cards are returned to the deck and the deck is shuffled. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. PLAYER’S HAND THIRD CARD RULES: Point value of first two cards of Player Player Action 0-1-2-3-4-5 Player draws a third card. 6-7 Player stands 8-9 (a "natural") No third card to either hand BANKER’S HAND THIRD CARD RULES: Point Value of First Two Cards of Banker Draws when the player´s third card is: Does not draw when the player´s third card is: 0-1-2 Always draws a card - 3 0-1-2-3-4-5-6-7-9 8 4 2-3-4-5-6-7 0-1-8-9 5 4-5-6-7 0-1-2-3-8-9 6 6-7 0-1-2-3-4-5-8-9 7 Always stands - 8-9 Player cannot draw Player cannot draw PAYTABLE: BET PAYS Player 1:1 Banker 19:20 (5% commission is charged) Tie 8:1 When the player wins, bet amount plus the payout amount is paid. Player: Player wins bet amount plus the payout amount is paid. Banker: Wins pay 1.95 (19:20) times the initial bet amount, which is rounded to 2 decimal places. The game rounds down to the closest cent. (For Example: If a player bet $ 0.5, the player wins $ 0.97 rounded down from $ 0.975). The slightly lower return from the Banker bet is that the Banker enjoys a positional advantage, with more information available to decide on drawing up a third card. Tie: Wins pay 8 to 1 on a tie, which is often expressed as the equivalent of 9 for 1. Any bets on Player or Banker are returned as a PUSH. RETURN TO PLAYER: Banker: 98.94% Player: 98.76% Tie: 85.56% Going For Gold: 94.06% Perfect Pairs: 93.89% Browser Panel Commands Click on 'History' to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on 'Rules' to view the current version number & game rules of the game. Click on 'Deposit' button to deposit to your account. Click on ‘Real Money/Demo’ to switch to real-money or Demo-money game mode. The “History” functionality is applicable only for the real-money game play. FAQ: I could not complete the game. What should I do? If player gets disconnected in the middle of the game, the software will automatically complete play for you. Player will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'History' button once players logged back in. What should I do if the balance is low to place a bet? Click on the ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team.