Billionaire Wolf Game Objective: Billionaire Wolf is a 20 fixed payline slot game that can expand the reel view to 5x4, 5x5 or 5x6 by increasing the lines to 30, 40 or 50 fixed paylines respectively by re-spin and bonus game features. The bonus game is activated when 3 bonus symbols appears on reel view or currency symbols of corresponding bonus game gets filled. Free spins can re-trigger during free spins in the Tokyo Bonus game. Game Information: The game is played with 20 fixed paylines for 5x3, 30 fixed paylines for 5x4, 40 fixed paylines for 5x5 and 50 fixed paylines for 5x6 reel sets. Payouts are made according to the paytable. The total BET is 20 times of selected BET/LINE. SPIN begins the game with currently selected BET and 20 fixed paylines. Payline wins are multiplied by the amount ‘bet per line’. Only the highest winning combination made with at least one non-wild symbol is awarded on each payline. Coinciding wins on different bet lines are all added to your total win. All symbols pay from left to right. The Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols, except for the bonus symbol and only highest win amount will be paid. The payout for highest paying symbol (Logo) will be paid if 5 Wilds appear on a payline. How to play: Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet value is set for all 20 lines on the slot machine. You can increase the bet value by clicking on the button to the right of 'BET VALUE', or you can decrease the bet value by clicking on the button to the left. The bet will not be adjusted to the next possible bet if your balance drops below total bet placed. Click on the button shown at the bottom of the game screen. LINES: 20 lines are fixed by default. MAX BET: To play with MAX BET, click on . If your balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled. The number of lines are multiplied by the Bet per Line. The total bet amount is displayed below the 'BET' label, which can be found at the bottom of the game screen. Paytable: The paytable can be viewed either by clicking the button located at the bottom of the game screen beside Game Settings and Sound icons or by clicking on the button on the left side of the game screen. You can go back to the game by clicking on the button on the paytable screen or the area outside of the paytable screen. Spin: Click on the SPIN icon to start spinning the reels. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines are paid according to the paytable. Result: Wins are indicated by blue boxes and animated symbols inside it, with the total win amount being shown at the bottom of the screen below 'WIN'. Volume: The icon will play the game music. Click on the icon to mute the volume . AUTO SPIN: You can use this feature to choose all or any of the various options for 'hands free' game play. The available options under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will spin for the number of rotations selected on the slider menu. You can choose maximum of 1,000 spins and play until your balance is more than the total bet placed. For UK players, the number of spins available will be 100. Spin till Win equals or exceeds: The game will spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount entered in the numeric text box . Spin till Loss not exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the loss limit is reached. Loss will be calculated with (Loss = Total bets - Total wins) Total bets=accumulated total bets Total wins=accumulated total wins (((Total bets- Total wins) + current game bet) <= Loss limit target) then next auto spin will be allowed. If feature trigger: The game will spin until the next feature is triggered. To make use of the auto spin feature, click on the 'AUTOSPIN' button at the bottom of the game screen. When the auto spin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Select from the drop-down menu where applicable. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Similarly, click on the 'Stop auto spin' button to stop the AUTO SPIN feature and return to the game screen. When playing with multiple options and conditions selected, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others and the remaining selected conditions will be disabled. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again or opt for new option(s) and proceed with the game. 'AUTO SPIN' option will be disabled in the play-money mode. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount you wagered on the previous spin. Simply click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. ­To change your bet, increase or decrease the bet shown on the game screen. Credits: After you have placed the desired bet, your remaining game balance is shown under ‘BALANCE’. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the ‘BALANCE’ meter and the 'BET' meter. Your game balance is shown at the bottom of the game screen. Game Settings: To make use of Game Settings, click on the Game Settings button at the bottom of the game screen in between the paytable and sound icons. Volume: Players can set the volume of the sound effects by sliding through the volume button. Sound effects: Toggle between on / off to enable or disable the game win animation sounds. Ambience sound: Toggle between on / off to enable or disable the game background sound. Quick spin: By checking this option, game play is faster than the regular spin. Space bar to spin: Players can use space bar key to spin the game. Game Rules: The game is played with 20 fixed paylines for 5x3, 30 fixed paylines for 5x4, 40 fixed paylines for 5x5 and 50 fixed paylines for 5x6 reel sets. Payouts are made according to the paytable. The total BET is 20 times of selected BET/LINE. SPIN begins the game with currently selected BET and 20 fixed paylines. Payline wins are multiplied by the amount ‘bet per line’. Only the highest winning combination made with at least one non-wild symbol is awarded on each payline. Coinciding wins on different bet lines are all added to your total win. All symbols pay from left to right. The Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols, except for the bonus symbol and only highest win amount will be paid. The payout for highest paying symbol (Logo) will be paid if 5 wilds appear on a payline. If three bonus symbols appear on reels 1,3 and 5, the bonus round will be triggered. Players will get one bonus game by clicking on the spin button on the bonus selection screen. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. Collection Mode: During the main game, players will have the chance to get any one of 3 currency symbols on reel 3 which could fill a maximum of 5 currency values showing on top of the reel set. 5 Yen symbols collected will trigger the Tokyo Bonus game. 7 Dollar symbols collected will trigger the New York Bonus game. 10 Pound symbols collected will trigger the London Bonus game. Currency symbols can only be collected during 5x3 base game. Extra currency symbols will be considered for further spins after completing the bonus game. Example: if the required currency symbols for triggering the London Bonus for a player are 2 and if they get a Pound symbol on reel 3, adding 5 symbols, 2 out of 5 will be considered to trigger the bonus game and the remaining 3 will be considered for further spins. Currency symbols are persistent to the bet value placed by the player. London Bonus: 10 free spins will be awarded to the player maintaining a 5x6 reel set with 50 fixed paylines. During free spins, players have a chance to get a Super Wild (which turns all symbols on the reel to Wild) on reel 1 or 3 or 5 thus increasing the chances to win. All payouts during this bonus game are multiplied by 4. Bonus symbols will not be re-triggered during the free spins. New York Bonus: 10 free spins will be awarded to the player, starting with 5x4 reel set with 30 paylines. During free spins, players have a chance to get a Bull symbol on reel 3 which will increase the reels to 5x5 and paylines to 40 for further spins. The reel set will change to 5x6 and paylines to 50 for further spins when the Bull symbol appears again on reel 3 of 5x5 reel set. The Bull symbol will not be appeared during 5x6 reel set. All payouts during this bonus game with 5x4 reel set are multiplied by 2, 5x5 reel set are multiplied by 3 and 5x6 are multiplied by 4. Bonus symbols will not be re-triggered during the free spins. Tokyo Bonus: 10 free spins will be awarded to the player maintaining 5x4 reel set with 30 fixed paylines. All payouts during this bonus game are multiplied by 2. Bonus symbols can be re-triggered during the free spins and 10 additional free spins will be added. Browser Panel Commands: Click on Responsible Gaming to navigate to the Responsible Gaming page. Click on Game Rules to view game rules of the game. Click on Game logs to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on Deposit button to add funds to your account. Click on Real/Play to switch between real-money or play-money game modes. The Game logs functionality is applicable only for the real-money game play. Return to the player: The theoretical return to player for this game is 95.81%. FAQ’s: 1. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game logs' button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected in the middle of the feature round, you will be prompted to complete it after logging back in. After completing the feature round, you can continue game play, or you can select another game of your choice. 2. What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Click on ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 6/3/2020