Big Cash Bandito Game Objective: Big Cash Bandito is a 5x5 slot game with 50 paylines and 3 different WILD symbols. A bonus round is triggered if a Bandito symbol and CASHWILD symbol land in view. During the bonus round collecting further CASHWILD symbols expand the Bandito symbol which act as sticky wild for the duration of the bonus. How to play: Setting 'BETS': When player enter the game, a default bet is set. Player can change the bet value by clicking the + or - buttons either side of the BET icon in desktop and mobile. On clicking the Bet icon, Bet selection window will pop out, player can select the desired bet in between Min and Max bets. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount wagered on the previous spin. Just click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. Spin: The SPIN button in the right middle starts the game in desktop (Space bar can be used to trigger a spin). The SPIN button is at the bottom of the game screen in portrait mode and at the right side of the game screen in landscape mode in mobile. Paytable: The Paytable can be viewed by tapping on hamburger menu and selecting the paytable option. You can go back to the game by clicking on the close icon. Volume: The volume icon will play the game sound. Click on the volume icon to mute the volume. Credits: Your remaining game balance after you have placed the desired bet is shown in ‘BALANCE’ meter i.e. the current game balance minus the total bet placed. Game balance is shown at the bottom of the game screen. 'AUTOPLAY': Select the AUTOPLAY for hands-free play. To make use of the AUTOPLAY feature, click on the Autoplay button in the bottom right of the game screen beside volume button. When the AUTOPLAY pop up opens. Select the number of spins from the pop up. Click on the spin stop button to stop the AUTOPLAY feature. The available options under this feature are: Selection of Spins : The game will spin for the number of rotations selected from the pop-up menu. You can choose a maximum of 50 spins and play until your balance is more than the total bet placed. 'AUTOPLAY' option will be disabled in the demo mode. Mobile Options: Tap the Hamburger Menu Icon to view Paytable and Game Rules . Tap the ‘i’ icon to view game rules. Tap the Paytable option to view Paytable screen. Tap close icon to go back to the game play . Tap the Volume icon to play the game sound and vice versa. Tap on back option at top left corner to navigate back to lobby screen. GAME RULES Big Cash Bandito is a 5x5 slot game with 50 paylines. Pressing SPIN begins the game with the currently selected Bet. Bet values can be changed by clicking on ‘+’ and ‘-’ buttons. All symbols pay from left to right, starting from left-most reel in consecutive order. Payouts are paid according to the Paytable. Coinciding wins on different paylines are added to the balance. The Paytable will always show the win amount for the currently selected Bet. Only the highest win amount on each payline is paid. Bandito symbol is wild and substitutes for all other symbols except for CASHWILD and WILDSHOT symbols. CASHWILD symbol substitutes for all symbols except for Bandito and WILDSHOT symbols. Land one or more CASHWILD symbols along with the Bandito symbol in the same spin to activate the Bandito Feature. During base game, one or more CASHWILD symbols appear on reels triggers 1 respin, and these CASHWILD symbols stick for the respin. Respin cannot be retriggered. With any spin there is a chance that a random number of bullets (2,3, or 4) can shoot the reels leaving WILDSHOT in place of the symbol position where they hit. WILDSHOT symbol is a 2x multiplier WILD. It substitutes for all other symbols except for CASHWILD and Bandito symbols. If more than one WILDSHOT symbol occurs on same payline the multipliers get added and applied to the line win. WILDSHOT symbols will appear only on base game and do not appear during respin and Bandito Feature. CASHWILD and Bandito symbols do not appear in WILDSHOT feature. When one or more wilds appear in the reel view with at least one non-wild symbol, the highest winning combination is awarded on each payline. BIG WIN/SUPER BIG WIN/MEGA WIN can be skipped by clicking anywhere. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. All pays are shown in USD currency. The theoretical return to player of this game is 94.29%. Logging into your account on the desktop website and selecting the option “History” inside any game will allow you to access your game play history. CASHWILD symbol in the base game triggers the respin feature . CASHWILD symbol with BANDITO symbol in a base game triggers the Bandito Feature only. BANDITO FEATURE One or more CASHWILD symbols along with the Bandito symbol appear anywhere on reels triggers the Bandito Feature and 5 Freespins are awarded. If a new CASHWILD symbol lands on the reels, the Bandito symbol will slide across the reels to collect the CASHWILD symbol and grow his WILD BAG. Bandito symbol movement will follow the shortest distance pattern when Bandito symbol is 1x1 size. When two CASHWILD symbols are at the same distance, whichever appears first on reel view will be collected first. Each CASHWILD symbol collected is added to the cash meter above reels. Once Bandito symbol has collected 5 CASHWILD symbols, Bandito symbol expands to 2x2 size and 3 more Freespins are awarded. For every expansion of Bandito symbol, a new Bandito symbol is added to the Bandito meter above reels. If the Bandito symbol collects 5 more CASHWILD symbols after expanding to 2x2 size, it will expand to 3x3 size and 3 more Freespins will be awarded. If the Bandito symbol collects 5 more CASHWILD symbols after expanding to 3x3 size, it will expand to 4x4 size and 3 more Freespins will be awarded. If the Bandito symbol collects 3 more CASHWILD symbols after expanding to 4x4 size, it will expand to 5x5 size and 1 more Freespin will be awarded, and remaining Freespins will be played with 5x5 expanded Bandito symbol. During Freespins, line wins get paid first followed by Bandito symbol movement. If more CASHWILD symbols are collected than required, those symbols advance to the next level within the same feature round. Bandito symbol size cannot be expanded by two levels in a single Freespin, even if enough CASHWILD symbols are collected. During that Freespin, the size of the Bandito symbol increases by one level, then advances to the next level in the following Freespin. Freespins and respin are played with the same bet as the triggering spin. BROWSER PANEL COMMANDS: Click on Rules to view the detailed rules of the game as a web page. Click on History to view the logs of the games played. Click on Real Money/Demo to switch between real-money or demo-money mode. Click on the Deposit button to deposit money into your account. The History functionality is applicable only for the real-money game play. FAQ’s: What do I do if the balance is low to place a bet? If your game balance drops below the minimum bet, message about insufficient money will be automatically presented. To add funds to your account, click on the “DEPOSIT” button in the right bottom of the screen, then select the desired deposit option. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you are disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete the game for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the “History” button once you have logged back in. If player disconnected in the middle of the Big Cash Bandito Bonus Game/ re-spin feature, player will be prompted to complete it after logging back in. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Service team. Last modification date: 8/28/2024