Book Of Horus Game Objective: Book of Horus is a five reel 10 payline slot game with free spins and gamble features. When 3 or more scatter (Book) symbols appear anywhere in reel view, the feature screen is displayed where the player has to choose one among the 3 pyramids. 8, 10 or 12 free spins will be awarded along with a special expanding symbol for free spins. Free spins can be re-triggered. Player has a chance to double his wins through the Gamble feature. Paytable Paylines Game Information: Game is played with 10 variable paylines. SPIN can be triggered by clicking on the spin button with the current selected BET and LINES. The ticker messages will appear below the reel set of game screen. Bet per Line can be changed by using the ‘+’ and ‘-’ buttons. Payouts are displayed on the PAYTABLE. Whenever there is a win, the total BALANCE will update, and the amount won in the spin is shown in the WIN meter at the bottom of the game. The game and game rules are identical in both the real-money and play-money modes, except that autospin option will not be available in play-money mode. Play mode will be available only on desktop version. SPIN: Tap on SPIN to start spinning the reels. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on all the selected number of lines will be paid according to the Paytable. Paytable shows the payouts paid for currently selected bet and lines. Scatter payouts shown are multiplied by total bet placed. Result: Any wins are indicated by their paylines highlighted and symbols animating and, in the case of a scatter win, by their symbols animating the individual payline wins are shown at the end of each winning line. Tap on the ‘+’ icon prior to Spin button to view the options like COIN VALUE, LINES, MAX BET & AUTOSPIN. Tap on the ‘X’ to come out from the above options. Setting 'BET': When you enter the game, a default bet value is set for all 99 lines. You can choose to increase or decrease the bet value using ‘+’ and ‘-’ buttons available at COIN VALUE. If you don’t have funds in your account, please go to Cashier option and deposit. LINES: 10 lines are selected by default. Lines can be changed by clicking ‘+’ and ‘-’ buttons available at LINES. COIN VALUE: This is calculated with Total bet / Number of lines selected. MAX BET: To play with MAX BET, tap on button. If your balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled. AUTOSPIN: You can make use of this feature to select various options for 'hands free' game play. To make use of the ‘AUTOSPIN’ feature, tap on the button. When the Autospin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Select from the drop-down menu where applicable. Tap on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Similarly, tap on 'CANCEL' to skip the 'AUTOSPIN' feature and return-to view the options like COIN VALUE, LINES, MAX BET & AUTOSPIN. Options available under this feature are: Number of spins: Tap on the ‘Number of spins’ check box to view the drop down. The game will automatically spin for the number of spins selected from the drop-down menu. You can choose any number of games and play until your balance is less than the total bet placed. Spin till win is equal to or exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount selected from the drop down menu. Spin till loss not exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the loss limit is reached. Loss will be calculated with (Loss = Total bets - Total wins) Total bets=accumulated total bets Total wins=accumulated total wins (((Total bets - Total wins) + current game bet) <= Loss limit target) then only next auto spin will be allowed. Spin till feature trigger: The game will automatically spin until the next feature is triggered. When playing with multiple 'AUTOSPIN' options, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be ignored. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again, or choose new option(s), and proceed with the 'AUTOSPIN'. 'AUTOSPIN' option is not available in play money mode (applicable to desktop users only). While AUTOSPIN is in progress, you can interrupt the game by tapping on the 'STOP' button. If spin is in progress, AUTOSPIN will be stopped after completing the current spin, otherwise AUTOSPIN is stopped immediately and normal game is restored. Tap on menu icon to view the option like Lobby, Paytable, Help, Sound & Cashier. Tap on the ‘Lobby’ option to navigate back to lobby screen. Tap on the 'PAYTABLE' option to view Paytable screen. Tap on the ‘Help’ option to view the help screen. Tap on the button on the Paytable or help screen to go back to the game play. Tap on the ‘Sound’ icon to play the game music and vice versa. Tap on the ‘Cashier’ option to navigate to deposit screen. Tap anywhere on the screen to come out from the options. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount you wagered on the previous spin. Just tap on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. To change your bet, increase or decrease the coin value.­ Credits: After you have placed the desired bet, your remaining game balance is shown under ‘BALANCE’. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the ‘BALANCE’ meter and the 'BET' meter. Your game balance is shown at the bottom of the game screen. Game Rules: Player can play the game with 10 variable paylines. Payouts are made according to the paytable. SPIN begins the game with the currently selected BET and LINES. Payline wins are multiplied by the amount bet per line. Highest win amount is paid on each selected payline. Coinciding wins on different lines are all added to your total win. Scatter wins are multiplied by total bet and added to payline wins. All symbols pay Left to Right, except scattered Book symbol which pays anywhere in view. Wild (Book) symbol substitutes for all symbols and only highest win amount will be paid. Wild symbol will also act as a scatter when 3 or more Book symbols appear anywhere on the reel view, which triggers the Free spins feature. Gamble feature will be activated for all applicable wins. Paytable will always show the win amount for the currently selected bet and number of lines. Gamble Feature: Click Gamble button to activate the Gamble feature. If the showcased card colour and the player choice match, then the win is doubled. If there is a mismatch, the player loses all the amount. You can gamble up to four times in succession. The player can quit the Gamble feature at any time by pressing COLLECT. During Auto spins, Gamble feature will not be available with an exception for free spins. Feature Game Rules: Free Spins: 3 or more Book symbols appearing anywhere on the reels triggers the feature game. 3rd Book symbol can also be revealed by the Horus firing a laser beam on 3rd, 4th or the 5th reel. Free spins are played at the same number of lines and bet per line of the triggering game. The player has to select one of the 3 pyramids to reveal the number of free spins. Randomly 8, 10 or 12 free spins can be won. Game will then move to symbol blocks screen where Horus will randomly shoot a laser beam on a block to reveal special expanding symbol. During Free spins, 3 or more scatters retrigger the original number of free spins with same special expanding symbol. The special expanding symbol cannot be substituted by a wild Book symbol during free spins. Special Expanding Symbol: One special Expanding symbol (excluding Book) is randomly selected at the start of the free spins. During Free spins and after paying out for all winning paylines, if the special Expanding symbol appears anywhere in reel view, Symbols on those reels are replaced by the special Expanding symbol, provided there are enough special expanding symbols for a win as per paytable. Special Expanding symbol is paid on selected paylines only. Return to the player: The theoretical return to player of this game is 95.52 %. Game History: Game play history can be accessed by logging into your account on the desktop website and choosing menu “Game logs” inside any game. FAQ’s: 1 . I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You will be able to view the result from game logs by logging to the website. If you are disconnected in the middle of the feature round, you will be prompted to complete it after logging back in. After completing the feature round, you can continue game play, or you can select another game of your choice. 2. What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Go to the Cashier option and deposit 3. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. 4. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last Modified date: 30/4/2018.