Book of Horus Game Objective: Book of Horus is a five reel 10 payline slot game with free spins and gamble features. When 3 or more scatter (Book) symbols appear anywhere in reel view, the feature screen is displayed where the player has to choose one among the 3 pyramids. 8, 10 or 12 free spins will be awarded along with a special expanding symbol for free spins. Free spins can be re-triggered. Player has a chance to double his wins through the Gamble feature. Paytable Paylines Game Information: Game is played with 10 variable paylines. SPIN can be triggered by clicking on the spin button with the current selected BET and LINES. The ticker messages will appear below the reel set of game screen. Bet per Line can be changed by using the and buttons. Payouts are displayed on the PAYTABLE. Whenever there is a win, the total BALANCE will update, and the amount won in the spin is shown in the WIN meter at the bottom of the game. The game and game rules are identical in both the real-money and demo-money modes, except that autospin option will not be available in demo-money mode. How to play: Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet per payline is set for all 10 lines on the slot machine. You can increase the bet per line by clicking the button to the right of 'Bet per line', or you can decrease the bet by clicking the button to the left. Bet and lines will not get adjusted to the next possible bet, if your balance drops below total bet placed, then click on button shown at the bottom of the game screen. LINES: 10 lines are selected by default. You can decrease the number of lines by clicking the button to the left of 'LINES', or select more lines by clicking the button to the right. The number of lines are multiplied by the 'bet per line'. The total bet amount is displayed beside the 'BET' label, which can be found at the bottom of the game screen. Paytable: The Paytable can be viewed by clicking button located at the bottom of the screen beside the Lines text. Paytable shows the payouts for currently selected bet and lines. You can go back to the game by clicking on close button on the Paytable screen. Spin: Click on SPIN button to start spinning the reels. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines and any scatter wins will be paid according to the Paytable. Result: Wins are indicated by colorized paylines animated symbols, and in case of a scatter win, by animated symbols, with the total win amount being shown at the bottom of the screen beside 'WIN'. Volume: icon will play the game music. Click on icon will mute the volume . CREDITS: Your remaining game balance, after you have placed the desired bet, is shown in ‘BALANCE’ meter i.e. the current game balance minus the total bet placed. AUTO SPIN: You can use this feature to choose all or any of the various options for 'hands free' game play. The available options under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will spin for the number of rotations selected from the slider menu. You can choose a maximum of 1000 spins and play until your balance is more than the total bet placed. Spin till Win equals or exceeds: The game will spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount entered in text box. Spin till feature trigger: The game will spin until the next feature is triggered. To make use of the Autospin feature, click on the 'AUTOSPIN' button in the bottom left of the game screen. When the Autospin window opens, Click on ‘More’ to show the extra options. Check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Click on the text box and enter the limit amount you want to play with. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Similarly, click on ‘X’ button to skip the AUTOSPIN' feature and return to the game screen. When playing with multiple options and conditions selected, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be disabled. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again or opt for new option(s) and proceed with the game. 'AUTOSPIN' option is not available in the play-money mode. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount you wagered on the previous spin. Just click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. ­To change your bet, increase or decrease the Bet shown on the game screen. Credits: After you have placed the desired bet, your remaining game balance is shown under ‘BALANCE’. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the ‘BALANCE’ meter and the 'BET' meter. Your game balance is shown at the bottom of the game screen. Game Settings: Volume: Player can set the volume of the sound effects and ambience by sliding through the Volume button. Sound effects: Toggle between On / Off to enable or disable the game win animation sounds. Ambience sound: Toggle between On / Off to enable or disable the game background sound. Quick spin: By checking this option,game play is faster than the regular spin and for uk player this option will be in disabled mode. Spacebar to spin: By checking this option, Spacebar key can be used to trigger a spin. This option stays disabled, if space bar is not available for a game Game Rules: Players can play the game with 10 variable paylines. Payouts are made according to the paytable. SPIN begins the game with the currently selected BET and LINES. Payline wins are multiplied by the amount bet per line. All symbols pay left to right, starting with the left most reel, except for scatter symbol, which pays anywhere in view. The highest win amount is paid on each selected payline. Coinciding wins on different lines are all added to your total win. Scatter wins are multiplied by total bet and added to payline wins. All symbols pay from left to right, except Scattered Book symbols which pay anywhere in view. For Scatter Book symbols, highest win amount is paid on each selected payline. Wild (Book) symbols substitute for all symbols and only highest win amount will be paid. Wild symbols will also act as a Scatter when 3 or more Book symbols appear anywhere on the reel view, which triggers the free spins feature. The Gamble feature will be activated for all applicable wins in main game only except when the free spin feature is triggered. Gamble option will not be available during free spins. The paytable will always show the win amount for the currently selected bet and number of lines. The min bet is $0.01 and the max bet is $50.00. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The theoretical return to player of this game is 93.94%. Gamble Feature: Click on the Gamble button to activate the Gamble feature. Player needs to select either red or blue card If the showcased card colour and the player choice match, then the win is doubled. If there is a mismatch, players will lose the entire amount. You can gamble up to four times in succession. Players can quit the Gamble feature at any time by clicking on COLLECT. During auto spins, the Gamble feature will not be available in main game and during free spins. Free Spin Feature: 3 or more Book symbols appearing anywhere on the reels trigger the feature game. The 3 rd Book symbol can also be revealed by the Horus firing a laser beam on the 3 rd , 4 th or the 5 th reel. Free spins are played at the same number of lines and bet per line of the triggering game. Players must select one of the 3 pyramids to reveal the number of free spins. Randomly, 8, 10 or 12 free spins can be won. The game will then move to symbol blocks screen where Horus will randomly shoot a laser beam on a block to reveal a special expanding symbol. During free spins, 3 or more scatters retrigger the original number of free spins with same special expanding symbol. Only special expanding symbol payout is paid once the symbol in reel set are replaces by special expanding symbol. The special expanding symbol cannot be substituted by a Wild Book symbol during free spins after expansion. Special Expanding Symbol: One special expanding symbol (excluding Book) is randomly selected at the start of the free spins. During free spins and after paying out for all winning paylines, if the special expanding symbol appears anywhere in reel view, Symbols on those reels are replaced by the special expanding symbol, provided there are enough special expanding symbols for a win as per the paytable. Special expanding symbols are evaluated and paid irrespective of direction after initially paying all line wins. The special expanding symbol is paid on selected paylines only. Browser Panel Commands: Click on Rules to view the game rules of the game. Click on History to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on Deposit button to add funds to your account. Click on Real Money/Demo to switch between real-money or demo game modes. The History functionality is applicable only for the real-money game play. FAQ’s: 1. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you are disconnected in the middle of the free spins/cascades, you will be prompted to complete it after logging back in. After completing the free spins, you can continue game play, or you can select another game of your choice. 2.What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Click on ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit. 3. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team.