Blackjack Charlie7 Introduction: 7- CARD CHARLIE: If your hand has 7 cards without BUST you win automatically regardless of the dealer’s hand. However, if dealer has Blackjack then player cannot draw any further cards. The objective is to accumulate cards with a total value higher than the dealer and without going over 21. The value of a hand is the sum of the values of all the cards in the hand. The value of each cards is as follows: Cards from 2 through 10 are valued as indicated Face cards J , Q , and K are all valued at 10 points An A (read as ace) counts as 1 or 11: If scoring an 11 would cause your hand value to exceed 21 (bust), an A will count as 1 You can play up to three hands at once. Information: Eight decks are used in this game, and each deck has 52 cards The deck is shuffled before every game The dealer always draws to 16. The dealer stands when the dealer’s hand has a value of 17 or greater (including soft 17). The dealer does not draw when the player is “Bust”. Each hand can only be split once, split hands cannot be split again Double after split is allowed Split aces cannot be hit BLACKJACK pays 3:2 If the player does not BUST, the player can draw up to seven cards 7- CARD CHARLIE: seven cards to a player’s hand without BUST wins The Dealer will only check for Blackjack, if the Dealer's first card is an ace, king, queen, jack or 10. Player can place a double down wager on a split pair, except on split aces. The game rules and pay outs are identical in both the real-money and demo-money versions. How to play: Your game balance is displayed at the top right of the game screen. Select the amount you want to wager on a given hand by clicking on the chip of that denomination The selected chip will be highlighted, raised and have an indicator below it Place bets by clicking on any of the three circular bet positions. You can play any or all of the available positions. CLEAR BETS clears the entire amount wagered. Once the wagers are placed click the DEAL button. To repeat the bet of a previous game, click on the REBET button. To repeat the bet of previous game and deal automatically, click on the Repeat & Deal button. Playing options SOFT total: A hand containing an A that can be counted as 11 without bust. For example, A - 6 is soft 17 HARD total: A hand containing an A that can only be counted as 1 because counting it as 11 would make the hand exceed 21. For example, A - 6 - 10 is hard 17 A tie between the player and the house is known as a PUSH , and your bet is returned. Depending on the strength of your cards, you can choose from the following options: HIT , STAND , DOUBLE , SPLIT , or SURRENDER . If the dealer’s first card is 10 , J , Q , K , or A , the dealer’s hand will be checked to see if the dealer has blackjack before you draw a third card STAND: Click STAND to stops receiving more cards. You may stand at any time if you are satisfied with your hand as it is. HIT : Click HIT to be dealt the next card. You may continue to take cards until you either stand, go bust, achieve 7- Card Charlie or the value of the hand is 21. DOUBLE: After you are dealt your first two cards, you may be offered the chance to DOUBLE , called doubling down. Once this is selected the bet amount is doubled and you will be dealt one more final card. The hand will stand after the card is dealt. Doubling down is offered after splitting. If your account balance is not sufficient double-down will not be offered. If you lose the hand, you lose the entire doubled bet. SPLIT: If you have two cards of the same value (i.e. paired, for example two 7s, two 10 valued cards, two face cards, etc.), you can click SPLIT to separate the cards, one to each of two hands. The two hands then receive one more card each. You are only allowed to split once, even if a split hand is paired. You may draw maximum up to 7 cards on each split hand, with the exception of splitting AA and doubling down after split. If you split AA , only one card will be dealt to each A hand. If a 10 valued card is dealt to either A , the hand is counted as 21, not blackjack. Once SPLIT is selected, an additional bet equal to your original bet is placed. If the hand qualifies for a split but your game balance is not sufficient to cover the additional bet, the split option will not be offered. As always, the hand with an arrow pointing towards it is the active hand. Click on HIT , STAND , or DOUBLE . DOUBLE is only available for 2 cards and not after splitting AA. Once the first hand is complete, the second hand is active 21: The arrow will not be shown if the hand value is 21. It will move to the next hand. Hands of 21 automatically STAND . INSURANCE is offered when the dealer’s first card is an A Insurance gives you a chance to protect your hand in case the dealer has blackjack. You can insure your hand by clicking YES below the INSURANCE? label . Insurance costs 50% of the initial bet. When insurance is selected the insurance bet will be displayed beside the initial bet. If the dealer has blackjack, the insurance bet pays 2:1, and you will lose the initial hand bet. If the dealer does not have blackjack, you will lose the insurance bet and the game will continue for the initial hand bet. You will not be offered insurance if you have blackjack. Insurance will not be offered if your game balance is not sufficient. If the dealer's first face up card is an Ace, and the dealer has blackjack, then surrender option will not be offered to the player after player accepts or declines the insurance option. If the dealer's first face up card is an Ace, and the dealer does not have blackjack, then the surrender option will be offered to the player after the player accepts or declines the insurance option. Only if the first two cards dealt are an A and a 10 valued card the hand is BLACKJACK and pays 3:2 if it beats the dealer. But if the dealer has BLACKJACK too the result is PUSH . If you have an A and a 10 valued card after splitting the hand is value 21 only and not BLACKJACK. If the 21 valued hand wins it is paid at odds of 1:1. When the dealer hand is complete the results are displayed on both the dealer's and the player's cards Browser Panel Commands: Click on Rules to view game rules of the game. Click on History to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on Deposit button to add funds to your account. Click on Real Money/Demo to switch between real-money or play-money game modes. The History functionality is applicable only for the real-money game play. Paytable: When the player wins, bet amount plus the payout amount is paid. Win Type Description Payout BLACKJACK A blackjack, or 'natural', comprises a total of 21 in your first two cards. If you split a pair of Aces or 10 valued cards and then have a A with a 10 valued card this will not count as blackjack, but rather a total of 21. Your blackjack beats any dealer total except a dealer's blackjack. If both you and the dealer have a blackjack, the hand is a tie or PUSH , and nobody wins or loses. 3:2 NORMAL Your total is greater than dealer's, but less than or equal to 21. 1:1 7- CARD CHARLIE Seven cards in player’s hand totaling 21 or less. 1:1 PUSH The totals of both your hand and that of the dealer are the same. BET RETURNED INSURANCE Offered on the dealer's Ace to insure your hand against the dealer receiving a blackjack. It costs 50% of the bet amount for that hand. If the dealer gets a blackjack, the insurance bet pays 2:1 and you lose the initial bet. If the dealer does not get a blackjack, you lose the insurance bet, and the game continues for the initial bet amount. EVEN MONEY This option is offered when the dealer has an Ace and when player has a blackjack, By choosing the option, the player will receive the win amount equal to the bet placed 1:1 The theoretical return to player of this game is 99.56% Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Customization options Customization is available for sounds and max screen with icons in the top right corner Sound may be switched on or off Max screen may be switched on or off FAQ’s: 1. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected from the Blackjack Charlie 7 game just after all the inputs are given and there is no input required to continue the game, then the game is treated as complete and on re-login you can check the game details in History. If you are disconnected while the game is waiting for player input such as after the deal, you will be prompted to complete the game after logging back in. After completing the incomplete game, you can resume playing the game, or you can select another game of your choice. 2.What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Funds can be added with + near $ 3. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. 4. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team.