Blackjack Stud Poker Pro GAME OBJECTIVE: Blackjack Stud Poker Pro is a variant of standard Blackjack that features Stud Poker side bet. This game allows player to play up to two hands of Blackjack at once, one after the other during game play. The objective is to accumulate cards to get a total of 21 or as close to 21 as possible, without going over 21. The value of a hand is the sum of the point counts of all the cards in the hand. STUD POKER SIDE BET: A player must bet on both hands to enable the Stud Poker side bet game. The Stud Poker hand is checked after the initial deal and is made up from 5 cards, two cards in each player’s hand and one face-up card from the dealer. ROYAL FLUSH : 5 cards with same suite and sequential face value 10, J, Q, K, A will be considered as Royal Flush. E.g., 10,J,Q,K,A of hearts, 10,J,Q,K,A of diamonds, 10,J,Q,K,A of spades, 10,J,Q,K,A of clubs. STRAIGHT FLUSH: 5 cards of same suite and face value in a sequential manner will be considered as straight flush except 10, J, Q, K, A. E.g., 2,3,4,5,6 of hearts, 6,7,8,9,10 of clubs, 5,6,7,8,9 of spades 3,4,5,6,7 of diamonds etc. in sequence. 5 OF A KIND : 5 cards having same card value will be considered as 5 of a kind. E.g., 2,2,2,2,2 of any suit. 4 OF A KIND: 4 cards out of 5, having same card value will be considered as 4 Of a kind. E.g., 2,2,2,2,5 or 5,5,5,5,7 or 9,9,9,9,4 of any suit. STRAIGHT: Cards with different suites (out of 4 suits) and which are in sequence are considered as straight. E.g., 4 heart 5 diamond 6 clubs 7 spades 8 heart etc. FLUSH: 5 cards with the same suite and different numbers not in sequence can be considered as a flush. E.g., 2,5,A,7,K of hearts, 3,6,8,J,Q of Spades etc. FULL HOUSE: 3 cards out of 5 are having same card value and remaining 2 have the different same value will be considered as a FULL House. E.g., 5,5,5 of any suit and 2,2 any suit. 3 OF A KIND: 3 cards out of 5, having same face value will be considered as 3 of a kind. E.g. 33356,88895 etc. TWO PAIRS : Out of 5 cards, any 2 cards of same face value and another 2 cards of same face value will be considered as Two pairs. E.g., 2,2,3,3,5 of any suit, A,A,4,4,6 of any suit, 3,4,3,4,9 of any suit. Stud Poker payout will be multiplied by the total bet amount placed on Stud bet and adds to player balance. Only the highest payout for the side bet will be paid if two or more payout conditions applies for the cards. Payout for Stud Poker side bet is as follow: Stud Poker Bet Types Payout Royal Flush X2500 Straight Flush X1000 Five of a Kind X500 Four of a Kind X100 Straight X50 Flush X25 Full House X20 Three of a Kind X5 Two pairs X3 HOW TO PLAY THE GAME: This game can be played with up to two hands. To play, player must place a bet on at least one of hands. Every hand may have a different bet amount. To place a bet, player should click on a chip in the bottom left of the screen to select desired chip value. Click on one of the available betting areas (the 2 larger circles) to place bet. Every click increases player’s bet by the value of the selected chip. The Stud Poker side bet can be placed with bet on two main hands. Click on ‘CLEAR BETS’ button to remove all bets from the table. Clicking on ‘DOUBLE’ doubles every bet that player has placed on the table. Click on ‘UNDO’ to remove the last bet made from the table. The minimum and maximum bet limits apply to the initial bet only. Actions that require an additional bet (Split, Insurance, and Double) can still be used even if player placed a bet equal to the maximum bet. Click on the ‘DEAL’ button to deal the cards. 2 cards are dealt to each of the player's hands and to the dealer's hand. The cards are dealt in clockwise direction, one at a time to each hand in turns, with the first card going to the rightmost player hand. The last card goes to the dealer hand and is dealt face down. If player is playing with more than one hand, actions are taken for each hand separately, starting from the rightmost hand once the cards have been dealt. If the Dealer's face up card is an Ace, player is offered insurance. Click YES to insure one hand at a time against the dealer having Blackjack or click NO for each hand if player do not want insurance. As soon as YES or NO button is chosen, YES TO ALL and NO TO ALL buttons will not be shown for the remaining hands. To accept or decline insurance for all the hands at a time, click on YES TO ALL or NO TO ALL respectively. This is also applicable for the “EVEN MONEY” scenario. If player’s first two cards have the same value, player can split the hand by clicking on ‘SPLIT’ button. Click on ‘HIT’ button to request another card or click on ‘DOUBLE’ to double player’s bet and receive a third card. If player does not want any more cards, click on ‘STAND’ button. Please note that Insurance, Double and Split require an additional bet. If player’s balance does not have enough money to cover these expenses, player needs to deposit more money to use these options. When player has played player’s final hand the dealer then reveals the dealer’s face down card and may draw additional cards, in accordance with the rules. When the dealer has stopped taking cards, each of player’s hand is compared to the Dealer's hand. If player’s hand has a higher value than the dealer's and has not exceeded 21, player wins with that hand. If any hand value reaches 22 or more, it is bust and automatically loses. If player wants to play another round, place bets as described above or click REBET to place the same bets as in the previous round, then click DEAL to deal the cards. Click REBET & DEAL to place the same bets as in the previous round. BET: The total bet amount is shown in the BET meter at the bottom left of the screen. BALANCE: Player’s remaining game balance, after player has placed the desired bet, is shown in BALANCE meter i.e. the current game balance minus the total bet placed. WIN: The total win amount is shown in the WIN meter at the bottom right of the screen. Volume: Volume Icon will play the game sounds. Click on Volume OFF icon to mute the sounds and vice versa. BUTTONS: DEAL – Deal the cards. CLEAR BETS – Clear all bets on the table. UNDO – Remove player’s last bet. HIT – Request one more card. STAND – Draw no more cards and end player’s turn. DOUBLE – When no cards have been dealt yet i.e., before starting the game play, this button doubles all bets on the table. When cards have been dealt, this button doubles the bet on the selected hand and requests a final card. SPLIT – Split the hand into two if player holds a pair. REBET – Place the same bets as in the previous round. REBET & DEAL – Place the same bets as in the previous round and deal the cards. NO – Click to decline Insurance/Even Money for current hand. YES TO ALL – Click to accept Insurance/Even Money for all hands . NO TO ALL – Click to decline Insurance/Even Money for all hands . RULES: The objective of Blackjack Stud Poker Pro is to get a hand that totals 21 or is closer to 21 than the dealer's hand without exceeding 21. The value of a hand is the sum of the individual card’s value. Blackjack is the highest hand and consists of two cards: An Ace and any 10-point card. Blackjack beats a score of 21. Two cards are dealt to dealer at the start of the game. The Dealer does not check for Blackjack until all players’ hands have been completed. The dealer waits for the player to complete his hand before being face up dealer’s second card and then draw other cards depending on the player's complete hand. Player can choose 1 to 2 hands to play on in a game round. The chosen hands are played clockwise, starting from player’s rightmost hand. The dealer's hand is played last. Player may Split, Double and take Insurance, just like in standard Blackjack. When the player wins the bet amount plus the payout amount is paid. Blackjack Stud Poker Pro is a variant of Blackjack with the following rules : 8 decks of cards are used. After each round, used cards are returned to the deck and the deck is shuffled. Aces count as either 1 or 11, face cards count as 10 and number cards count at their face values. The Dealer will only check for Blackjack, if the Dealer's first card is an ace, king, queen, jack or 10. The player may not split a split hand. Only one card is drawn to each Ace in a split hand. A player can place a double down wager on a split pair, except on split aces. Split and Double does not affect any side bets. Ace and a 10-point card after a split are considered 21, and not Blackjack. The player may double after splitting except for split for Aces. Depending on the strength of player’s card, player can choose from the following options offered: “Hit”, “Stand”, “Double”, “Split”. Blackjack pays 1.5 times the bet amount (3 to 2). If the total value of the Player’s cards is closer to 21 than the Dealer's after the dealer has stopped taking cards, the player wins the bet amount (1 to 1). If the total of the Player's cards is more than 21, the player's hand is “Bust”, and the player automatically loses the bet for that hand. If the Player and the Dealer have the same point total (17 to 21), neither of them wins and the player's bet is returned to the player in a “Push”. The Dealer always draws to 16. The Dealer stands when the dealer's hand has a value of 17 or greater (including soft 17). Blackjack beats a score of 21. SPLIT : If player’s first 2 cards have the same value (i.e. paired, for example two 7s, two 10 valued cards, two face cards, etc.), then player may split them into 2 separate hands. The second hand will have the same bet as the hand it was split from. Player will then draw additional cards to each hand. Player may draw as many cards as player likes on each split hand unless player splits 2 aces (in which case player can receive only 1 additional card for each ace). If player receives an ace and a 10-value card in a split hand, it is considered as 21 and not Blackjack. player is only allowed to split once, even if a split hand is paired. DOUBLE: Player can double player’s bet on a hand before player takes a third card. Player cannot double the bet on a hand after taking a third card. After doubling a bet, a final card will be dealt to player automatically. Player can double on all player’s hands if player wishes. Player can also double player’s bet on a split hand except for the split of aces. INSURANCE : If the dealer's first face up card is an Ace, player will be given a chance to insure each of player’s regular bets against the dealer having Blackjack. If player takes Insurance, then an amount equal to half of the player’s original bet will be deducted from player’s balance and placed separately on the table. If the dealer has Blackjack, player is paid 2 to 1 on player’s insurance. This way player does not lose player’s original bet (because player receive the value of player’s original bet plus the insurance amount back). If the dealer does not have Blackjack, player lose the insurance amount and the game will continue for the initial hand bet. Insurance does not affect any side bets. EVEN MONEY: If the dealer has an Ace, and the player has a BLACKJACK, the player has the option of “EVEN MONEY”. Click on YES for this hand, the player will receive the same amount (1:1) for the Blackjack, without the Dealer’s face-down card even being exposed , thus protecting the player from a possible Dealer’s Blackjack. The player may also click on NO for this hand. If the Dealer does not have a blackjack, the player will be paid at a normal relation of 3:2 for the Blackjack. If the first two cards dealt with the player are an Ace and a 10 -valued card combination, the hand is BLACKJACK and pays 3:2 if it beats the dealer. But if the dealer has BLACKJACK too the result is PUSH. If player has an Ace and a 10-valued card after splitting, the hand value is 21 only and not BLACKJACK. If the 21-valued hand wins, it is paid at odds of 1:1. When the dealer hand is complete the results are displayed on both the Dealer's and the player's cards. YES TO ALL and NO TO ALL buttons will not be shown if any of the hand(s) doesn’t have a BLACKJACK. YES TO ALL and NO TO ALL buttons will be shown if all player hand(s) has BLACKJACK and Dealer has an Ace. Sound Effects: Player will be able to hear voice over sounds for the following: Double voice over will be heard on clicking “Double” button. Insurance voice over will be heard when the insurance is offered. You Win voice over will be heard on winning any normal hand. Bust voice over will be heard when Dealer or Player hand is a Bust. Blackjack voice over will be heard when Dealer or Player has a Blackjack. Cards Total Count voice over will be heard for each hand when cards are dealt and on completion. Push voice over will be heard when Push is awarded. BET LIMITS : Player can choose one among the 3 stake levels (Low stake, Medium stake and High-stake levels). The minimum and maximum bet value depends on the stake level selected by the player. The default stake level is Medium Stake level. PAYTABLE: When the player wins, the bet amount plus the payout amount is paid. PAYTABLE Winnings Pays Winning Hand 1:1 Insurance 2:1 Blackjack 3:2 Push Bet Returned EVEN MONEY Yes 1:1 No 3:2 The payout format used here means that when player wins, player gets back player’s bet plus an amount that is a multiple of player’s bet. Example: If a bet of 1 is placed on any hand, and player wins a Blackjack, then 1 (bet) + 1.5 (win) = 2.5-win amount is credited to player’s balance for that hand. RETURN TO THE PLAYER: The theoretical return to player for the main Blackjack game is 99.55 %. The theoretical return to player for the Stud Poker side bet is 94.93%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. BROWSER PANEL COMMANDS: Click on ‘ History’ to view the logs of the game’s player have played. Click on ‘Rules' to view the game rules of the game. Click on 'Deposit ' button to deposit to player’s account. Click on ‘ Real Mode/Demo’ to switch to real-money or demo mode. The “History” functionality is applicable only for the real-mode game play. The game rules are identical in both real-money and demo modes. FAQ: 1.Player could not complete the game. What should player do? If you get disconnected from the game just after all the inputs are given and there is no input required to continue the game, then the game is treated as complete and on re-login you can check the game details in History. If you are disconnected while the game is waiting for player input such as after the deal, you will be prompted to complete the game after logging back in. After completing the incomplete game, you can resume playing the game, or you can select another game of your choice. 2.What should player do if the balance is low to place a bet? Click on the ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit. 3. If player still has problem, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team.