Bison Fury Game Objective: Bison Fury is a five reel, "All Ways Slot” game with 1024 possible ways to win in the main game as well as free spins. Symbols pay from left to right in consecutive combinations (Ways), including reel 1. The Scattered Sunset symbols do not pay. When three or more Scattered Sunset symbols appear anywhere in view, Free Spins feature is triggered. The free spins feature can be re-triggered within free spins. The Eagle Coin wild symbol appears only on reels 2, 3 and 4 and substitutes for all other symbols, except for Scattered Sunset symbols. How to play: Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet is set. You can change the bet value by clicking the + or - buttons either side of the BET meter. The bet is 1 time of the bet value and is shown near BET in the lower left of the screen. MAX BET: Click on ‘MAX BET’ to select the maximum possible bet. If your balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled. Paytable: The paytable can be viewed by clicking on the ‘ i ’ button located in a panel above the bet panel. The prizes displayed in the paytable are per unit bet and are shown as multipliers. You can go back to the game by clicking on the back on the paytable screen. Spin: The SPIN button in the lower right corner starts the game. Volume: The volume icon will play the game music. Click on the Volume icon to mute the volume. CREDITS: Your remaining game balance after you have placed the desired bet is shown in ‘BALANCE’ meter i.e. the current game balance minus the total bet placed. 'AUTOSPIN': Select the AUTOSPIN for hands-free play. The available options are: Number of spins: The game will spin for the number of rotations selected from the slider menu. You can choose a maximum of 1000 spins and play until your balance is more than the total bet placed. Spin till Win equals or exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the win amount is equals or exceeds the amount entered. Spin till feature trigger: The game will automatically spin until the next feature is triggered. The auto spin game is terminated whenever The Big One Jackpot is triggered between auto spins. To make use of the Auto spin feature, click on the 'AUTOSPIN' button in the bottom of the game screen. When the Auto spin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Select from the drop-down menu where applicable. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Similarly, click on Stop Auto spin button to stop the AUTO SPIN feature and return to the game screen. When playing with multiple options and conditions selected, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be disabled. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again or opt for new option(s) and proceed with the game. 'AUTO SPIN' option will be disabled in the demo mode. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount you wagered on the previous spin. Just click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. ­To change your bet, increase or decrease the Bet shown on the game screen. Credits: After you have placed the desired bet, your remaining game balance is shown under ‘BALANCE’. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the ‘BALANCE’ meter and the 'BET' meter. Your game balance is shown at the bottom of the game screen. Game Settings: To make use of Game Settings, click on the ‘settings button’ at the bottom of the game screen in between Pay table and Sound icons. Volume: Players can set the volume of the sound effects and ambience by sliding using the volume button. Sound effects: Toggle between On / Off to enable or disable the game win animation sounds. Ambience sound: Toggle between On / Off to enable or disable the game background sound. Quick spin: By checking this option, game play is faster than the regular spin Space bar to spin: By checking this option, the space bar can be used to trigger a spin. The reel structure numbering for winning combinations in main game and free spin game is as below: Main game: 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 Free spin game: 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 If two of the same symbols appear on reel 1 and 2, followed by three of that symbol appears on reel 3 in different rows, the way win does not pay for 5 of that symbol combination together. Instead, it will pay for 3 separate way wins using those 3 of the same symbols appearing on reel 3. e.g. If symbol nine lands on reel 1 and 2, and 3 x nine symbols land on reel 3, there will be three different way wins for the symbol nine. Each way would be a win with three consecutive occurrences of the symbol nine. The reel positions for the symbol nine way wins will be as below: 0, 1, 2 0, 1, 7 0, 1, 12 Way wins are multiplied by total bet amount. The Scattered Sunset symbols do not have any payout. There are 1024 possible ways to win in the main game as well as free spins. Game Rules: Bison Fury is a five reel, "All Ways Slot” game with 1024 possible ways. All payouts are made according to pay table. SPIN begins the game with currently selected BET. Bet amount can be changed by using ‘-‘ and ‘+’ buttons. Total bet is 40 times the selected Bet Value. Way wins are multiplied by the amount total bet. Only the highest win on each possible win combination will be paid. All possible winning combinations are added to the total. All symbols pay left to right, starting from the left-most reel except for scatter symbol which pays anywhere in reel Eagle Coin is a Wild symbol which substitutes for all symbols except for Scattered sunset symbol. Wild(Eagle Coin) and Scatter(Sunset) symbols do not have payout. Wild (Eagle Coin) symbol appears only on reels 2,3 and 4 in both base game and feature game. 3 or more Scattered Sunset symbols appear anywhere on the reels awards the free spins feature. Scattered Sunset symbol appear during free spins will trigger same number of free spins awarded before. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The theoretical return to the player excluding jackpot is 93.41%. Jackpot Contribution/RTP is 3.004%. Gameplay history can be accessed by logging into your account on the desktop website and choosing menu “History” inside any game. The maximum win in this game is capped to 250,000 USD or its equivalent amount in your currency during main game or Free spins. Further Free spins or wins will be forfeited if the highest win is reached during the free spins. Free spins feature: The free spins feature will be triggered when 3 or more Scattered Sunset symbol appear anywhere on the reel view. Players will be awarded 8 Free spins for 3 scatters, 20 Free spins for 4 scatters and 50 Free spins for 5 scatters. During the free spins feature Wild( Eagle Coin) symbol acts as a sticky wild. All way wins during free spins are multiplied by triggering bet of free spins. The Feature retrigger during the free spins will add free spins based on the scatters count mentioned above. Sticky Wild Rules: During the free spins feature, if the wild(Eagle Coin) symbol appears in view a random number between 1-5- re-spins will be awarded which will be displayed on the Eagle Coin. The wild (Eagle Coin) will stick in place as the re-spins are counted down to 0. The number shown on any Eagle Coin(s) counts down for each re-spin. During re-spins further wild(Eagle Coins) in view will add more sticky wilds(Eagle Coins) and re-spins. The more awarded re-spins are added to the re-spin counter displayed at the bottom of the game. The sticky Wild(Eagle Coin) symbol disappears on completion of re-spins and the player will be continued with the free spins feature. Jackpot Rules: The Big One jackpot can be triggered anytime, either during normal spin, auto spin or after the Feature game. The main screen then changes to jackpot screen after the user has won jackpot game in which all the jackpots and their values are listed. There are 5 different jackpots, each of which has a unique color. All five colors are shown on the wheel. The orange color represents the Blitz Cash Jackpot The red color represents the Quick Cash Jackpot. The blue color represents the Super Cash Jackpot. The green color represents Mega Cash Jackpot. The lavender color represents Colossal Cash Jackpot. The spin button is shown on the control panel. By clicking on the SPIN button, the wheel rotates and stops on a particular color and the respective jackpot is awarded. When a particular jackpot is cracked, a pop-up is shown on the jackpot screen which displays the type of jackpot and the amount awarded. By clicking on "OK" in the pop-up, it navigates to main game screen. If multiple jackpots are cracked at the same time, by clicking on "OK" in the pop-up, the "SPIN" button on the jackpot screen is enabled to continue further game play. You can see the current values of all five jackpots in the jackpot ticker area in the main game screen. Big One Jackpots have two pools for each jackpot tier, current instance pool and reserve pool During game play a % of the total bet (mentioned below) is contributed towards both the pools Jackpot Name Initial Seed (USD) Instance Contribution % Reserve Contribution % The Big One Colossal Cash $ 1,000,000.00 0.964% 1.25% The Big One Mega Cash $ 10,000.00 0.1% 0.125% The Big One Super Cash $750.00 0.03% 0.015% The Big One Quick Cash $200.00 0.1% 0.1% The Big One Blitz Cash $40.00 0.12% 0.2% Each jackpot starts with initial seed amount. Initial Jackpot seed is funded by “The House”, and the subsequent instances are funded from reserve pool, the amount accumulated in reserve pool becomes the next seed. Big One jackpots are played across multiple games and all games have equal probability of winning the jackpot A jackpot instance can only won by one player, and this applies for all Jackpot tiers. In-case of network disconnections during the Jackpot wheel feature, jackpot win will be credited to player account balance automatically. The jackpot is triggered randomly. Any bet is eligible for jackpot. The more you wager the higher the chances of hitting the jackpot. The number of spins awarded in jackpot screen equals the number of jackpots awarded. Only real money play will contribute to the jackpot amount. Jackpot contributions and triggering will not be applicable for games played on "play for fun/demo" mode. The maximum jackpot amount player can get from each of the above jackpot is 10,000,000 USD. Jackpot Contribution/RTP is 3.004%. Browser Button Panel Commands: Click on Rules to view the detailed rules of the game as web page. Click on History to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on Real Money/Demo to switch between real-money or demo mode. Click on the ‘ Deposit’ button to deposit money into your account. The History functionality is applicable only for the real-money game play. Return to the player: The theoretical return to player of this game excluding jackpot is 93.41%. Jackpot Contribution/RTP is 3.004% FAQ’s: 1. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'History' button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected in the middle of the feature round, you will be prompted to complete it after logging back in. After completing the feature, you can continue game play, or you can select another game of your choice. 2. What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Click on ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit. 3. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. 4. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Service team.