CLOVER & CLOVER AGAIN Game Objective: Clover and Clover Again is a 5*6 reactions game with cascading wins and symbols pay anywhere on the reel. If 8 or more qualifying symbols land in reel view, payouts will be paid according to paytable. winning symbols will then be destroyed and will be replaced by the symbols above. The meter shown on the TRAIL increases by the total number of Symbols destroyed with each Immediate Win HIT. If 8+ Qualifying symbols land Player progresses from current Position to corresponding number of Positions on trail to collect Universal Multiplier or QUICK HIT or Both. Land 4 or more Scatter symbols in Main game to trigger Free spins . During Free Spins player can retrigger Freespins by landing 3 or more Scatter symbols. How to play: Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet is set. You can change the bet value by clicking the + or - buttons either side of the BET meter in desktop. You can alter the bet by tapping hamburger menu and changing the bet meter in mobile. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount you wagered on the previous spin. Just click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. To change your bet, increase or decrease the bet shown on the game screen. MAX BET: Click on ‘MAX BET’ to wager the maximum bet. This option will be disabled if the player balance is insufficient. Spin: To begin the game with the presently selected BET, click the SPIN button. In desktop mode, the spin button is in the center of the screen. However, in mobile mode, it is at the bottom of the screen in portrait view and on the right side of the screen in landscape view. Pay table: The Pay table can be viewed by clicking on the ‘ i ’ button located above the bet panel. You can go back to the game by clicking on the down arrow in the Pay table screen. Pay table in mobile can be viewed by tapping on hamburger menu and selecting the pay table option. Volume: The volume icon will play the game music. Click on the volume icon to mute the volume. Credits: After you have placed the desired bet, your remaining game balance is shown under ‘BALANCE’. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the ‘BALANCE’ meter and the 'BET' meter. Your game balance is shown at the bottom of the game screen. 'AUTO SPIN': Select the AUTOSPIN option for hands-free play. For UK/Ontario users auto spin and max bet option will not be applicable . To configure Auto Spins, click on Auto spin button to open the window then select the check boxes /option you’d like to play then Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and begins the spins. 'AUTOSPIN': Select the AUTOSPIN for hands-free play. To make use of the Auto spin feature, click on the 'AUTOSPIN' button in the bottom of the game screen. When the auto spin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Select from the drop-down menu where applicable. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Similarly, click on stop auto spin button to stop the AUTO SPIN feature and return to the game screen. The available options under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will spin for the number of rotations selected from the slider menu. You can choose a maximum of 50 spins and play until your balance is more than the total bet placed. Spin till Win equals or exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the win amount equals or exceeds the amount entered in the numeric text box. Spin till feature trigger: The game will automatically spin until the next feature is triggered. 'AUTO SPIN' option will be disabled in the demo-money mode. When playing with multiple options and conditions selected, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be disabled. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again or opt for new option(s) and proceed with the game. Game Settings: To make use of Game Settings, click on the ‘settings button’ at the bottom of the game screen in between pay table and sound icons. Volume: Players can set the volume of the sound effects and ambience by sliding using the volume button. Sound effects: Toggle between On / Off to enable or disable the game win animation sounds. Ambience sound: Toggle between On / Off to enable or disable the game background sound. Quick spin: By checking this option, game play is faster than the regular spin Space bar to spin: By checking this option, the space bar can be used to trigger a spin. This option stays disabled if the intro video is not available for a game. All symbol wins except scatter symbols produce cascades and will be destroyed and will be replaced by cascading symbols from above. Cascading feature will stop automatically if there are no new winning combinations to form a win. All wins accumulated during these cascading wins are credited to player after the cascade feature has been completed. Mobile Options: Tap the Hamburger Menu Icon to view options like Paytable, Bet settings, Settings, “i” icon and Cashier in mobile. Tap the Home option to navigate back to lobby screen. Tap the Paytable option to view Paytable screen. Tap the back button to go back to the game play. Tap the Volume icon to play game music (vice versa). Tap the ‘$’ option to navigate to deposit screen. RULES: Clover and Clover Again is a 5*6 reactions game with cascading wins and symbols pay anywhere on the reel. BET value can be changed by using ‘+’ and ‘-’ buttons. The min bet is $0.20, and the max bet is $20.00. Click on the SPIN button to begin the game with the currently selected BET. If 8 or more symbols appear anywhere in reel view, payouts will be paid according to Paytable. The winning symbols will then be destroyed and will be replaced by the symbols above. On every immediate win hit, the meter shown on the TRAIL(STONES) increases by the total number of symbols destroyed. Each meter/trail(stones) threshold reach either increases Universal Multiplier or awards QUICK HIT win. The cumulative count of the number of symbols destroyed on game UI will be displayed under Universal Multiplier. If Number of symbols destroyed exceeds 100, cascading will continue with the highest Universal Multiplier being applied. The meter/trail(stones) resets after the completion of each game in Base Game. TRAIL(STONES) POSITION UNIVERSAL MULTIPLIER QUICK HIT x1 10 x2 15 x1 20 x3 25 x2 30 x5 35 x3 40 x7 45 x5 50 x10 55 x7 60 x15 65 x15 70 x25 75 x25 80 x40 85 x50 90 x75 95 x100 100 x100 Universal Multiplier does not apply on any QUICK HIT and SCATTER wins. For each spin if player gets more than 8+ cascading win symbols then Leprechaun runs to qualifying position on trail(stones). If Player collects Universal Multiplier, immediate win hit is multiplied by corresponding Universal Multiplier value on the trail(stones). If Player collects Quick Hit, Bet is multiplied by corresponding Quick Hit value on trail(stones) and added to immediate win hit. If Player passes both Universal Multiplier and Quick Hit on the trail(stones) within the same immediate win (hit), player will be awarded with the immediate win (hit)x (Universal Multiplier Value) + Quick Hit (Bet x corresponding value on trial) is added to award Total win. Only the collected highest Universal Multiplier is awarded. Quick Hit is awarded on cumulative basis. If no qualifying Symbols land – GAME ENDS and meter/trail(stones) resets. All wins are multiplied by Bet value. All payouts are made according to the Paytable. All possible winning combinations are added to your total. Only the highest win amount is paid on each win formation. Land 4 or more Scatter symbols in Base Game to activate Free Spins Feature. Scatter wins are multiplied by total bet. The theoretical Return to Player is 94.30%. All pays are shown in USD currency. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The Map will traverse to show the cumulative of Universal Multiplier and Quick Hit Multipliers collected on the particular game round and resets on the game end. Cascading Wins: All symbol wins except scatter symbols produce cascades and will be destroyed and will be replaced by cascading symbols from above. Cascading feature will stop automatically if there are no new winning combinations to form a win. All wins accumulated during these cascading wins are credited to player after the cascade feature has been completed. Free spins Feature: Free spins are played at the bet of the triggering spin. If 4 scatter symbols lands in Base Game triggers 10 Free spins and awards 3X Total Bet. If 5 scatter symbols lands in Base Game triggers 10 Free spins and awards 5X Total Bet. If 6 scatter symbols lands in Base Game triggers 10 Free spins and awards 100X Total Bet. During Freespins 3 or more scatter symbols awards 5 extra Free spins and scatter payout will be made according to the paytable. If 3 scatter symbols lands during Free Spins triggers 5 Free spins. If 4 scatter symbols lands during Free Spins triggers 5 Free spins and awards 3X Total Bet. If 5 scatter symbols lands during Free Spins triggers 5 Free spins and awards 5X Total Bet. If 6 scatter symbols lands during Free Spins triggers 5 Free spins and awards 100X Total Bet. The Scatter Immediate win only pays corresponding Award and does not add into trail(stones). The meter/trail(stones) resets after the completion of Free spins Feature. Browser Button Panel Commands: Click on Rules to view the detailed rules of the game as web page. Click on History to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on Real/Demo to switch between real-money or demo-money mode. Click on the ‘ Deposit’ button to deposit money into your account. The History functionality is applicable only for the real-money game play. Return to the player: The theoretical Return to Player is 94.30% FAQ’s: 1. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game logs' button once you have logged back in. 2.What should I do if the balance is low to place a bet? Click on ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit. 3. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Service team. Last modification date: 9/19/2024