Canada Pays GAME OBJECTIVES: Canada Pays is a five-reels slot game with 10 fixed paylines. Symbols pay from left to right starting from left most reel in consecutive order on a payline. The Free Spins Feature will trigger if Red, Yellow and Black symbols, either all Bars or all Leaves, across reels 2, 3 and 4 in colour order. The Free spins feature is played on 3 X 3 reel set with 5 fixed paylines. HOW TO PLAY: Setting 'BETS': When a player enters the game, a default bet is set. Players can change the bet value by clicking the + or - buttons either side of the BET. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount wagered on the previous spin. Just click on ‘PLAY’ to place the same bet again. Spin: The PLAY button in the middle starts the game in desktop. The PLAY button is at the bottom of the game screen in portrait mode and at the right side of the game screen in landscape mode in mobile. Paytable: The Paytable can be viewed by clicking on the HAMBURGER and selecting the Paytable option. Click the ‘X’ icon to close the menu and return to the game. Volume: The volume icon will play the game music. Click on the volume icon to mute the volume. Credits: After placing the desired bet, the remaining game balance is shown under ‘BALANCE’. Player current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the ‘BALANCE’ meter and the 'BET' meter. Game balance is shown at the bottom of the game screen. 'AUTOPLAY: Select the AUTOPLAY option for hands-free play. For UK/Ontario users AUTOPLAY option will not be applicable. To configure AUTOPLAY, the player should click on the AUTOPLAY button and then select the number of spins to be spun. Click on the spin stop button to stop the AUTOPLAY feature. In play-money mode, the ‘AUTOPLAY’ option will be disabled. MENU OPTIONS (MOBILE AND DESKTOP): Click the HAMBURGER icon to view game options and information. Click the ‘i’ icon to view game information and rules. Click the ‘PAYTABLE’ icon to view the game awards. Click the ‘X’ icon to close the menu and return to the game play. GAME RULES: Canada Pays is a five-reel slot game with 10 Fixed paylines. BET value can be changed by using ‘+’ and ‘-’ buttons. Click on the PLAY button to begin the game with the currently selected BET and 10 Fixed Lines. Free Spins are awarded if Red, Yellow, and Black symbols appear in order across reels 2, 3 and 4. These can be all Bars or all Leaves but must be in colour order and are to be triggered in view. All symbols pays from left to right in consecutive reels on a payline, starting with the left most reel. All Payouts are made according to the paytable. The paytable will always show the win amount for the currently selected bet with 10 Fixed paylines. Coinciding wins on different paylines are added to the balance. Only the highest win amount on each payline will be paid. The maximum win in this game is capped to 250,000 EUR during base game or Free Spins Feature. Further Free Spins and line wins will be forfeited if the highest win is reached except for jackpot winnings. Logging into your account on the desktop website and selecting the option "Game logs" inside any game will allow you to access your game play history. The theoretical return to the player of this game including Jackpot is 94.774%. The theoretical return to the player of this game including Jackpot is 94.774%. The theoretical return to the player of this game excluding Jackpot is 91.77%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. FREE SPINS FEATURE: The Free Spins feature is activated if Red, Yellow and Black symbols appear in order across reels 2, 3 and 4. These can be all Bars or all Leaves but must be in colour order and triggered in view (scatter) not by payline. Players will be awarded with 3 Free Spins. Free Spins are played on 3 X 3 reels with 5 fixed paylines. 3 Of a kind win will be paid according to base game paytable. Free Spins cannot be re-triggered. During Free Spins Red, Yellow and Black Leaf symbols or Red, Yellow and Black Bar symbols in same colour order from left to right will be paid according to the Free Spins paytable. JACKPOT RULES: The Big one Jackpot can be triggered either in base game, during AUTOPLAY (if applicable) or after feature game(s). The main screen then changes to Jackpot screen after the user has won Jackpot game in which all the Jackpots and their values are listed on the right-side area and a wheel is displayed on the left side area. There are 5 different Jackpots, each of which has a unique colour. All five Jackpots are shown on the wheel. By clicking on the SPIN button, the wheel rotates and stops on a colour and the respective Jackpot is awarded. You can see the current values of all five Jackpots on the base game screen. Big One Jackpots have two pools for each Jackpot tier, current instance pool and reserve pool. During game play a % of the total bet (mentioned below) is contributed towards both the pools. Jackpot Name Initial Seed (CAD) Instance Contribution % Reserve Contribution % The Big One Colossal Cash C$640,000.00 0.564% 1.6% The Big One Mega Cash C$20,000.00 0.1% 0.125% The Big One Super Cash C$1500.00 0.08% 0.015% The Big One Quick Cash C$400.00 0.1% 0.1% The Big One Blitz Cash C$80.00 0.12% 0.2% Each Jackpot starts with the initial seed amount. Initial Jackpot seed is funded by “The House”, and the subsequent instances are funded from reserve pool, the amount accumulated in reserve pool becomes the next seed. Big One Jackpots are played across multiple games and all games have equal probability of winning the Jackpot. A Jackpot instance can only be won by one player, and this applies for all Jackpot tiers. In case of network disconnections during the Jackpot wheel feature, Jackpot win will be credited to player account balance automatically. The Jackpot is triggered randomly. The number of spins awarded in Jackpot screen equals the number of Jackpots awarded. Only real money play will contribute to the Jackpot amount. Jackpot contributions and triggering will not be applicable for games played on play for fun/demo mode. Jackpot Contribution/RTP is 3.004%. Jackpot Contribution/RTP is 1.88%. BROWSER BUTTON PANEL: Click on GAME RULES to view the detailed rules of the game as a web page. Click on GAMES LOGS to view the players game history. The GAMES LOGS functionality is applicable only for the real-money game play. Click on REAL MONEY/ DEMO PLAY to switch between REAL-MONEY or DEMO-MONEY mode. Click on the DEPOSIT button to deposit money into the player account. Click on RESPONSIBLE GAMING to view information on Safer Gambling and sources of help if you’re experiencing problems with your gambling . RETURN TO PLAYER(RTP): The theoretical return to the player of this game including Jackpot is 94.774%. The theoretical return to the player of this game excluding Jackpot is 91.77%. FAQ’s: 1. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If the player gets disconnected in the middle of the game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game logs' button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected after triggering or in the middle of the Free Spins feature round on reconnection, the player will be able start the disconnected Free Spins feature, if not already started, or resume from where it was disconnected. 2. What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Click on ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit . 3 . If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Service team .