CRYPTO CASH GAME INTRODUCTION: The objective of Crypto Cash game is to cash out before the graph crashes or reaches a maximum of 10,000x the amount staked. After player places the bet, the graph starts plotting and the multiplier attached to the graph keeps growing. At each increment, there is a probability that the graph will crash. If the player fails to collect before the graph crashes, the bet is lost and the game round is over. HOW TO PLAY: Setting 'BETS': When player enters the game, a default bet is set. Player can change the bet value by clicking the increasing or decreasing buttons in bet panel. Click ‘Place your bet’ button to start the game and the graph starts to plot with an increasing multiplier. Click on the ‘Collect’ button to win the amount staked (bet) times by the amount shown by the multiplier. Winnings will be added to the balance if the Collect button is pressed before the graph crashes or reaches the maximum of 10,000x. 'Auto Collect': Select the Auto Collect to automatically collect the winnings when the desired multiplier is reached. To make use of the Auto Collect feature, click ON or OFF toggle button. After activation, player will be cashed out when it reaches the multiplier selected by the player. ‘Auto Collect’ option can only be enabled before a new game starts. Volume: The volume icon will play the game sounds. Click on the Volume icon to mute/unmute the sounds. MOBILE OPTIONS: Tap the Home option to navigate back to lobby screen. Tap “i” button to view game rules. Tap the Volume icon to mute/unmute the sounds. Tap the ‘$’ option to navigate to deposit screen. GAME RULES: Crypto Cash is a single-player game and game will start once player places a BET. BET amount can be changed by using the increasing and decreasing buttons. Click on 'Place your Bets' button to place the bets and start the game. The Multiplier where player opted for ‘Auto Collect' will be multiplied by the amount BET and will be added to player balance. On top of Collect button player will be able to see the win amount(Multiplier*bet selected) and on collect the same amount will be awarded to the player. If the graph crashes before reaching the Multiplier, where the player opted for 'Auto Collect' then player will not be awarded any wins. If player fails to collect before the graph crashes, then bet placed will be lost. Player can use either Collect or Auto Collect options to collect the winnings. Even though player opted for Auto collect, player will be able to collect at any stage of the game. Player has an option to manually enter the desired multiplier in the Auto collect window. The Win multipliers will be random from 1 to 10,000. If the player entered value is not matching with the random win multiplier available, then the multiplier will reset to the nearest multiplier value available in the game. Auto Collect option will be activated before starting the new game. For Auto Collect, the minimum multiplier is 1.01 and the maximum multiplier is 10,000. The graph starts plotting from 0.00x, in order to show the continuity, and then immediately steps to 1.00x, beyond which the multiplier progressively increases in fractional steps upto 10,000.00x. There is a chance that the graph may crash at the very start, showing a zero multiplier resulting in no win. For Base game, the minimum multiplier is 1.00 and the maximum multiplier is 10,000. The maximum win possible for the game is 10,000x of stake. Collect option will be disabled for the player when the crash multiplier is reached. All Rounding in this Crypto Cash game uses the 'Round Down' method. Round Down always rounds down to the previous lower number, towards zero. This method never increments the digit prior to a discarded fraction. Round off examples 1.765 becomes 1.76 1.776 becomes 1.77 1.764 becomes 1.76 Gameplay history can be accessed by logging into your account on the desktop website and choosing menu 'History' inside any game. All pays are shown in USD currency. The graph shown in user interface is purely a graphical representation and doesn't depict the multiplier decrease or increase. The min bet is $0.10 and the max bet is $25.00. The theoretical return to the player of the game ranges from 88.69% to 97.00%, based on the player's choice made during game play. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. HISTORY PANEL: Game History panel enables the player to view their previous results on the game screen. The History panel displays the last 15 results. The multipliers below 2x are indicated in red color and higher multipliers are indicated in green in the History panel. BROWSER PANEL COMMANDS: Click on Rules to view the detailed rules of the game as web page. Click on History to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on Real Money / Demo to switch between real-money or demo-money mode. Click on the Deposit button to deposit money into your account. The History functionality is applicable only for the real-money game play. FAQ’s: 1. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you are disconnected in the middle of the game, you will be prompted to complete it after logging back in. After completing the game, you can continue game play, or you can select another game of your choice. 2. What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Click on ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit in Desktop. Go to the Cashier option ‘$’ and deposit in mobile. 3. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Service team. Last modification date: 6/3/2024