Coffee Shop Game Objective: Coffee Shop is a five-reel, 20 fixed paylines slot game with Ruth and Benny features. When 9 Scattered Ruth or Scattered Benny symbols accumulated from spins then respective feature will trigger. Free spins can be re-triggered based on the number of scattered Ruth or Scattered Benny symbols appeared in the free spins. Paytable. Paylines Game Information: Game will be played with 20 Fixed paylines. All payouts are made according to the paytable. All Symbols pay left to right starting from left most reel and right to left starting from right most reel except the Scattered Benny and Scattered Ruth symbols . 5 of a kind symbols on a payline will pay only left to right. SPIN starts the game with currently selected BET and 20 fixed LINES. Payline wins are multiplied by selected BET PER LINE. Coinciding wins on different paylines are all added to total win. Benny and Ruth scatter symbols does not have payout. Coffee Shop is a wild symbol and it substitutes for all symbols except the Benny and Ruth scatter symbols. Wild symbol will appear only on reels 1,2,4 and 5. Whenever there is a win, the total BALANCE will update, and the amount won in the spin is shown in the WIN bar at the bottom of the game. How to play: Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet/line is set for all 20 lines on the slot machine. You can increase the bet/line by clicking the button to the right of 'BET/LINE', or you can decrease the bet/line by clicking the button to the left. click on button at the bottom of the game screen to deposit amount. LINES: Game is played with 20 fixed paylines. MAX BET: To play with MAX BET, click on . If your balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled. The number of lines are multiplied by the 'BET/LINE'. The total bet amount is displayed beside the 'BET' label, which can be found at the bottom of the game screen. Paytable: The Paytable can be viewed by clicking the button located in bottom of game screen beside ‘settings’ button. You can navigate to all screens of Paytable by clicking on and buttons. You can go back to the game by clicking on the button on the Paytable screen. Spin: Click on SPIN icon to start spinning the reels. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines will be paid according to the Paytable. Result: Wins are indicated by animated symbols. Volume: icon will play the game music. Click on icon will mute the volume . AUTO SPIN: You can use this feature to choose all or any of the various options for 'hands free' game play. The available options under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will spin for the number of rotations selected from the slider menu. You can choose a maximum of 1000 spins and play until your balance is more than the total bet placed. Under UKGC regulation, the number of spins available will be set to a maximum of 100. Spin till Win equals or exceeds: The game will spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount entered in the numeric text box. Spin till Loss not exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the loss limit is reached. Loss will be calculated with (Loss = Total bets - Total wins) Total bets=accumulated total bets Total wins=accumulated total wins (((Total bets- Total wins) + current game bet) <= Loss limit target) then next auto spin will be allowed. Spin till feature trigger: The game will spin until the next feature is triggered. Autospin Panel To make use of the Auto spin feature, click on the 'AUTO SPIN' button at the bottom of the game screen. When the Auto spin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play withClick on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Similarly, click on Stop Auto spin button to stop the AUTO SPIN feature and return to the game screen. When playing with multiple options and conditions selected, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be disabled. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again or opt for new option(s) and proceed with the game. 'AUTO SPIN' option will be disabled in the play-money mode. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount you wagered on the previous spin. Just click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. ­To change your bet, increase or decrease the Bet shown on the game screen. Credits: After you have placed the desired bet and clicked on SPIN, your remaining game balance is shown under ‘BALANCE’. Your game balance is shown at the bottom of the game screen. Game Settings: To make use of Game Settings, click on the Game Settings button at the bottom of the game screen in between Paytable and Sound icons. Volume: Player can set the volume of the sound effects by sliding through the Volume button. Sound effects: Toggle between on / off to enable or disable the game win animation sounds. Quick spin: By checking this option, game play is faster than the regular spin and for UK player this option will be in disabled mode. Spacebar to spin: By checking this option, Spacebar key can be used to trigger a spin. Game Rules: Game can be played with 20 Fixed paylines. All payouts are made according to the paytable. All Symbols pay left to right starting from left most reel and right to left starting from right most reel except the Scattered Benny and Scattered Ruth symbols. 5 of a kind symbols on a payline will pay only left to right. SPIN begins the game with currently selected BET and fixed LINES. Payline wins are multiplied by the amount BET PER LINE. Coinciding wins on different paylines are all added to your total win. Only the highest win on each payline is paid. Benny and Ruth scatter symbols do not have payout. Wild symbol substitutes for all the symbols except the Benny and Ruth scatter symbols. Wild symbol will appear only on reels 1,2,4 and 5. The BALANCE will update with any winnings at the end of the game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Theoretical return to the player is in between 95.86% to 96.16%. The maximum win in this game is capped to 250,000 EUR or its equivalent amount in your currency during main game or bonus game. Further Free spins or line wins will be forfeited if the highest win is reached during the bonus game. Feature Transition Game Rules: Benny/Ruth symbols appear anywhere in view during main game. Each character symbol will add to the coffee cups or jugs towards Benny/Ruth when in view. Benny/Ruth feature will be triggered when 9 cups or jugs have been collected. Benny feature will take precedence when both the features (Benny/Ruth) trigger on same spin. Ruth feature will resume after completing Benny feature. Number of coffee cups and jugs filled are persistent for the bet selected by the player and this feature is platform dependent Feature rounds (Benny/Ruth) will be played with the same bet per line of the triggering spin. If the meter overshoots (e.g. Benny bonus is at position 8 and 3 Benny symbols land in view), the bonus is triggered, and the excess Benny symbols do not add anything. Same will be applicable for Ruth bonus as well. Benny Bonus Feature Rules: Collecting 9 cups activates the Benny Bonus feature. Player has a choice to choose 1 among the 4 options available. 15 Free spins with 1x multiplier 10 Free spins with 4x multiplier 5 Free spins with 8x multiplier Randomly selects one among the below options 15 Free spins with 1x or4x or 8x multiplier 10 Free spins with 1x or 4x or 8x multiplier 5 Free spins with 4x or 8x multiplier After selecting the option, Game will be changed to ways for this feature where 20 paylines will be changed to 243 ways to pay. All symbols pay left to right and right to left except scattered Benny Symbol. All winning positions in this feature will be cascaded and replaced with the new symbols thus allowing player to win more on the same spin. Each win during free spins will increase the player’s multiplier by 1 for further spins. Cascading of reels will continue until there is no wins available on reels. 3 or more Benny symbols appearing during free spins will award extra free spins to the player. 3 Benny symbols on a free spin will award 5 extra spins, 4 Benny symbols will award 10 extra spins, 5 Benny symbols will award 15 extra spins. In case of symbol wins, Extra free spins will be awarded, after cascading is completed. (For Example, If player gets 4 Benny symbols and a way win on a free spin and gets one more Benny after cascading the reels, 5 Benny symbols will be considered and 15 extra spins will be awarded to the player). If the player reaches last free spin with zero winning during this feature, free spins will continue until we get a win. This feature of continuing free spins is available only when player chooses 10 or 15 free spins during the Benny feature selection. Benny symbols do not disappear to produce cascades. Coffee cups will not be collected during the free spins. Ruth Bonus Feature Rules: When Coffee jugs towards Ruth gets filled and reaches Ruth, Ruth Bonus feature will be triggered. 10 Free spins will be awarded to the player with a special expanding symbol. During Free spins and after paying out for all winning paylines, if the special Expanding symbol appears anywhere in reel view, After expanding, the special expanding symbol will pay accordingly to the Paytable, in all active lines, no matter whether the symbols of the winning combination are consecutive or not. Symbols on those reels are replaced by the special Expanding symbol, provided there are enough special expanding symbols for a win as per Paytable. 3 or more Ruth symbols appearing during free spins will increase the awarded free spins to the player. 3 Ruth symbols on a free spin will award 5 free spins, 4 Ruth’s will award 10 spins, 5 Ruth’s will award 15 spins. All symbols pay left to right and right to left except the special expanding symbol which pays anywhere provided there are enough symbols for payout. Special expanding symbol is paid on fixed paylines irrespective of left to right direction. Coffee jugs will not be collected during the free spins. Browser Panel Commands: Main Game Menu Options Click on Responsible Gaming to navigate to the Responsible gaming page. Click on Game Rules to view game rules of the game. Click on Game logs to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on Deposit button to add funds to your account. Click on Real/Play to switch between real-money or play-money game modes. The Game logs functionality is applicable only for the real-money game play. Return to the player: The theoretical return to player of this game is 95.86 to 96.16 %. FAQ’s: 1. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, game will resume from the point of disconnection otherwise You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game logs' button once you have logged back in If you are disconnected in the middle of the feature round, you will be prompted to complete it after logging back in. After completing the feature round, you can continue game play, or you can select another game of your choice. 2.What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Click on ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit. 3. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. 4. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team.