CRY WOLF GAME OBJECTIVE: CRY WOLF is a 5x3 reels, 25 fixed payline slot game that features both a FREE SPINS round and a POT feature where the player can win up to three POTS, Mega, Major or Mini. The POT feature is triggered by collecting 6 moon symbols from the reels. FREE SPINS are triggered by 3 Scatter Sunset symbols in view. How to play: Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet is set. You can change the bet value by clicking the + or - buttons either side of the BET meter. MAX BET: Click on ‘MAX BET’ to select the maximum possible bet. If your balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled. Paytable: The Paytable can be viewed by clicking on the ‘ i ’ button located in a panel beside the bet panel. You can go back to the game by clicking on the back on the Paytable screen. Spin: The SPIN button in the middle starts the game. Volume: The volume icon will play the game music. Click on the Volume icon to mute the volume. CREDITS: Your remaining game balance after you have placed the desired bet is shown in ‘BALANCE’ meter i.e. the current game balance minus the total bet placed. 'AUTOSPIN': Select the AUTOSPIN for hands-free play. To make use of the Auto spin feature, click on the 'AUTOSPIN' button in the bottom of the game screen. When the Auto spin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Select from the drop-down menu where applicable. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Similarly, click on Stop Auto spin button to stop the AUTO SPIN feature and return to the game screen. The available options under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will spin for the number of rotations selected from the slider menu. You can choose a maximum of 1000 spins and play until your balance is more than the total bet placed. Spin till Win equals or exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the win amount is equals or exceeds the amount entered. Spin till feature trigger: The game will automatically spin until the next feature is triggered. When playing with multiple options and conditions selected, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be disabled. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again or opt for new option(s) and proceed with the game. 'AUTO SPIN' option will be disabled in the demo mode. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount you wagered on the previous spin. Just click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. To change your bet, increase or decrease the Bet shown on the game screen. Credits: After you have placed the desired bet, your remaining game balance is shown under ‘BALANCE’. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the ‘BALANCE’ meter and the 'BET' meter. Your game balance is shown at the bottom of the game screen. Game Settings: To make use of Game Settings, click on the ‘settings button’ at the bottom of the game screen in between Paytable and Sound icons. Volume: Players can set the volume of the sound effects and ambience by sliding using the volume button. Sound effects: Toggle between On / Off to enable or disable the game win animation sounds. Ambience sound: Toggle between On / Off to enable or disable the game background sound. Quick spin: By checking this option, game play is faster than the regular. Space bar to spin: By checking this option, the space bar can be used to trigger a spin. This option stays disabled if the intro video is not available for a game. Mobile Options: Tap the Hamburger Menu Icon to view options such as the Paytable, bet settings, auto spin, settings, i button and Cashier in mobile. Tap the Home option to navigate back to lobby screen. Tap the Paytable option to view Paytable screen. Tap back button to go back to the game play. Tap the Volume icon to play the game music and vice versa. Tap the ‘$’ option to navigate to deposit screen. Tap anywhere on the screen to come out from the options. GAME RULES: Cry Wolf Game is played with 25 Fixed Paylines. Select SPIN to begin the game with the currently selected BET. BET amount can be changed by using the - and + buttons. Payouts are made according to the paytable. All Symbols pay from left to right, starting from the left-most reel in consecutive order on a payline, except for Scatter Sunset and Moon symbols. Payline wins are multiplied by the amount bet per line and get added to the other payline wins. Only the highest win on each pay line will be paid. Wild (Wolf) substitutes for all symbols except Scatter Sunset and Moon symbols. Scatter Sunset and Wild (Wolf) symbols do not have any payout in the main game and in Free Spin round. Moon symbols do not have any payout in the main game. All Moon symbols in view are collected in a 6 position trail. Collecting 6 Moons will trigger the POT Feature. Moons can hold over between games on a random basis indicated by the HELD panel. When two features are triggered within a spin, then the POT feature will be triggered first followed by Free Spins feature. Coinciding wins on different paylines are all added to your total win. All pays are shown in USD Currency. The theoretical return to player of this game without Feature Enhancer is 93.99%. The theoretical return to player of this game with Feature Enhancer is 93.96%. The min bet is $0.25 and the max bet is $50.00. With Feature Enhancer ON, the min bet is $0.38 and the max bet is $75.00. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Gameplay history can be accessed by logging into your account on the desktop website and choosing menu ‘History’ inside any game. FREE SPINS FEATURE: 3 Scatter Sunset symbols appearing on reels 1, 3 and 5 will trigger free spins feature and 5 Free spins will be awarded to the player. During Free Spins, reels 2,3 and 4 drop together as a Giant symbol. In Free Spins, Scatter Sunset, Moon, and Wild (Wolf) symbols appear only in the Giant reel, and they are not distributed in reels 1 and 5. A Giant Moon symbol triggers the POT feature and seeds 9 Moons in the matrix prior to the POT feature. A Giant Scatter Sunset symbol retriggers 5 Free Spins in the Free Spin feature. The Giant Wild (Wolf) symbol substitutes for all applicable symbols and awards a minimum 4 of a kind win. All bets during Free Spins are the same as the triggering spin. All payouts during Free Spins are made according to the paytable. HELD FEATURE: All Moon symbols in view are collected to a 6 position trail. The POT feature is triggered on collecting 6 or more Moon symbols and 3 free spins are awarded. Moons can hold over between games on a random basis indicated by the HELD panel. Any held moons persist by Total bet placed including Feature Enhancer On bets and are platform dependent. The number of Moons collected are seeded into matrix at the start of the POT feature. POT Feature: The POT feature is activated when 6 or more Moon symbols are collected during the Main game. The Giant moon symbol in Free Spins round also triggers the POT feature. Initially 3 free spins will be awarded. The collected Moon symbols will be carried into the POT feature and will be distributed randomly within the 5x3 matrix. Any subsequent Moon symbols that land during the free spin will also be added and locked. If one or more Moon symbols land, the number of free spins will be reset to 3. The feature ends when all free spins are completed or when a player wins Mega bonus. Each Moon symbol that lands in the POT feature will have a random multiplier value among 1x,2x,3x,4x,5x,6x,7x,8x,10x,14x,16x,18x,30x and 100x which will be multiplied by the Total bet placed. Moon symbols with multiplier 30x and 100x are considered as Mini and Major bonuses. Mega bonus will be awarded with multiplier 1000x, when all the positions in the matrix are filled with Moon symbols. Mini, Major and Mega bonus jackpots are fixed jackpots, and no amount will be contributed from player bets. Pot features triggered from Free Spins will trigger only Mini and Major bonus. At the end of the POT feature all the values shown on the locked Moon symbols will be collected to winnings along with any pot wins. Feature Enhancer: Feature Enhancer adds extra Moon symbols to the reels and increases the triggering chances of the POT feature. Feature Enhancer increases the Jackpot bonuses and Moon multipliers by 2x. The Feature Enhancer increases player bet by 1.5x. Moon values are not affected by the Feature Enhancer bet increase. Feature Enhancer does not affect bet per line. BROWSER PANEL COMMANDS: Click on Rules to view the detailed rules of the game as a web page. Click on History to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on Real Money/Demo to switch between real-money or play-money mode. Click on the Deposit button to deposit money into your account. The History functionality is applicable only for the real-money game play. FAQ’s: What do I do if the balance is low to place bet? If your game balance drops below the minimum bet, message about insufficient money will be automatically presented. To add funds to your account, click on the “DEPOSIT” button in the right bottom of the screen, then select the desired deposit option. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you are disconnected in the middle of the base game, or jackpot game the software will automatically complete the game for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the “History” button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected after triggering or in the middle of the bonus or feature, on reconnection, the software will automatically start the disconnected bonus or feature, if not already started, or resume from where it was disconnected. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Service team. Last modification date: 6/11/2024