Champagne Super Clover Game Objective: Champagne Super Clover is a 5x3 reels 5 Variable line slot game with Cash Flash Jackpot feature .You win based on the combination of the various symbols displayed on the selected winning payline(s). The ‘PAYTABLE’ below shows how much you win for each combination. For each bet amount placed, the house adds a percentage of the bet amount to the running jackpot total. Paytable Paylines Game Information: Game is played with 5 variable number of lines. When you enter the game a default total bet is set. The total BET is Number of Fixed lines multiplied by the bet per line. Bet per Line can be changed by clicking on and . SPIN can be triggered by clicking on the Spin button with the current selected BET. Payouts are displayed on the PAYTABLE. Payline wins are multiplied by the amount ‘bet per line’ and gets added to other payline wins. Highest win amount is paid on each selected payline. Wins on different lines are added to your balance. All symbols pay from left to right, right to left and middle 3 reels. All winning symbols will be animated in addition to background animations. The Ticker messages will appear on the bottom of game screen. Whenever there is a win, the total BALANCE will update, and the amount won in the spin is shown in the WIN bar at the bottom of the game. How to play: Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet per payline is set for all 5 lines on the slot machine. You can increase the bet per line by clicking the button to the right of 'BET', or you can decrease the bet by clicking the button to the left. Bet and lines will not get adjusted to the next possible bet, if your balance drops below total bet placed, then click on button shown on bottom of game screen. Setting 'LINES': Five lines are selected by default. You can decrease the number of lines by clicking the button to the left of 'LINES', or select more lines by clicking the button to the right up to 9 lines. When the number of lines is increased, all the line numbers and the line path will be colored to represent the selected paylines. These lines and their path are decolored when the number of paylines is decreased. MAX BET: To play with MAX BET, click on . If your balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled. BET: The number of selected lines are multiplied by the 'bet per line'. The total bet amount is displayed beside the 'BET' label, which can be found at the bottom of the game screen. Paytable: The Paytable can be viewed either by clicking the button located in bottom of game screen beside ‘BET’ label or by clicking button locatedright side above the control pannel. The prizes displayed in the Paytable are per unit bet, and are shown as multipliers. To get the effective payout per line, multiply the respective prize with the bet per line. You can go back to the game by clicking on the button on the Paytable screen. Clicking on the button will open the rules screen along with Paytable and allow you to read the game rules. Spin: Click on SPIN icon to start spinning the reels. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines and any scatter wins will be paid according to the Paytable. Result: Wins are indicated by colorized paylines animated symbols, and in case of a scatter win, by animated symbols, with the total win amount being shown at the bottom of the screen beside 'WIN'. Volume: icon will play the game music. Click on icon will mute the volume . When playing with multiple options and conditions selected, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be disabled. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again or opt for new option(s) and proceed with the game. 'Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount you wagered on the previous spin. Just click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. ­To change your bet, increase or decrease the Bet shown on the game screen. Credits: After you have placed the desired bet, your remaining game balance is shown under ‘BALANCE’. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the ‘BALANCE’ meter and the 'BET' meter. Your game balance is shown at the bottom of the game screen. Game Settings: To make use of Game Settings, click on the Game Settings button at the bottom of the game screen in between Paytable and Sound icons. Volume: Player can set the volume of the sound effects by sliding through the Volume button. Sound effects: Toggle between on / off to enable or disable the game win animation sounds. Ambient sound: Toggle between on / off to enable or disable the game background sound. Spacebar to spin: By checking this option, Spacebar key can be used to trigger a spin. Game Rules: Game is played with 5 variable lines. When you enter the game, a default total bet is set. The Total BET is Number of variable lines multiplied by the selected BET VALUE. SPIN can be triggered by clicking on the Spin button with the currently selected BET and LINES. Payline wins are multiplied by the amount ‘bet per line’ and gets added to other payline wins. All symbols pay anywhere in reel view if occurred on a payline (left to right, right to left and middle 3 reels). Highest win amount is paid on each selected payline. Wins on different pay lines are added to your total. Whenever there is a win, the total BALANCE will update, and the amount won in the spin is shown in the WIN bar at the bottom of the game. Malfunction Voids all Pays and Plays. Jackpot Rules: The Cash Flash jackpot can be triggered anytime, either during normal spin or after the feature game. You will be informed of any jackpot wins by a pop-up message, and the win amount will be credited to your account immediately. The current value of the jackpot is shown at the top right-hand corner of the game screen. Any bet is eligible for the jackpot. The larger is your wager on each game, the more chances you have of winning the jackpot. Cash Flash Jackpot has two pools for each jackpot tier, current instance pool and reserve pool. During game play a % of the total bet (mentioned below) is contributed towards both the pools Jackpot Name Initial Seed (CAD) Instance Contribution % Reserve Contribution % Ca$h Fla$h Jackpot C$1,000.00 0.125% 0.875% Jackpot starts with initial seed amount. Initial Jackpot seed is funded by “The House”, and the subsequent instances are funded from reserve pool, the amount accumulated in reserve pool becomes the next seed. Cash Flash jackpot is played across multiple games and all games have equal probability of winning the jackpot. A jackpot instance can only won by one player. In-case of network disconnections during the Jackpot feature, jackpot win will be credited to player account balance automatically. The jackpot is triggered randomly. Only real money play will contribute to the jackpot amount. Jackpot contributions and triggering will not be applicable for games played on "play for fun/demo" mode. The maximum jackpot amount player can get from each of the above jackpot is 2500000 CAD. Jackpot Contribution/RTP is 1.00%. Browser panel Commands: Click on Responsible Gaming to navigate to the Responsible gaming page. Click on Game Rules to view game rules of the game. Click on Game logs to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on Deposit button to add funds to your account. Click on Real/Play to switch between real-money or play-money game modes. The Game logs functionality is applicable only for the real-money game play. Return to the player: The theoretical return to player of this game is 95.01% FAQ’s: 1. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game logs' button once you have logged back in. 2. What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Click on ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit. 3. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. 4. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team.