Chocolate Box Bonanza Game Objective: Chocolate Box Bonanza is a six-reel reactions game with cascading wins and symbols pay anywhere on the reel view . Free spins feature triggers when 4 or more Scattered Chocolate symbols land on the reel. During free spins 3 or more Scattered Chocolate symbols appearing anywhere on the reel view retriggers 5 more free spin. Opting to Buy Bonus feature triggers 4 Scatter Symbols on the reel set and offers 10 free spins. How to play: Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet is set. You can change the bet value by clicking the < or > buttons either side of the BET meter. MAX BET: Click on ‘MAX BET’ to select the maximum possible bet. If your balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled. Paytable: Paytable can be viewed by clicking on the ‘ i ’ button located in a panel beside the bet panel. You can go back to the game by clicking on the X mark on the Paytable screen. Spin: SPIN button in the lower middle starts the game. Volume: Volume icon will play the game music. Click on the Volume icon to mute the volume. CREDITS: Your remaining game balance after you have placed the desired bet is shown in ‘BALANCE’ meter i.e., the current game balance minus the total bet placed. 'AUTOSPIN': Select the AUTOSPIN for hands-free play. To make use of the Auto spin feature, click on the 'AUTOSPIN' button in the bottom of the game screen. When the Auto spin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Select from the drop-down menu where applicable. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Similarly, click on Stop Auto spin button to stop the AUTO SPIN feature and return to the game screen. The available options under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will spin for the number of rotations selected from the slider menu. You can choose a maximum of 50 spins and play until your balance is more than the total bet placed. Spin till Win equals or exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the win amount is equals or exceeds the amount entered. If feature trigger: The game will spin until the next feature is triggered. When playing with multiple options and conditions selected, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be disabled. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again or opt for new option(s) and proceed with the game. 'AUTO SPIN' option will be disabled in the play-money mode. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount you wagered on the previous spin. Just click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. To change your bet, increase or decrease the Bet shown on the game screen. Credits: After you have placed the desired bet, your remaining game balance is shown under ‘BALANCE’. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the ‘BALANCE’ meter and the 'BET' meter. Your game balance is shown at the bottom of the game screen. Game Settings: To make use of Game Settings, click on the ‘settings button’ at the bottom of the game screen in between Paytable and Sound icons. Volume: Players can set the volume of the sound effects and ambience by sliding using the volume button. Sound effects: Toggle between On / Off to enable or disable the game win animation sounds. Ambience sound: Toggle between On / Off to enable or disable the game background sound. Quick spin: By checking this option, game play is faster than the regular spin. Space bar to spin: By checking this option, the space bar can be used to trigger a spin. Mobile Options: Tap the Hamburger Menu Icon to view options such as the Paytable, bet settings, auto spin, settings, i button and Cashier in mobile. Tap the Home option to navigate back to lobby screen. Tap the Paytable option to view Paytable screen. Tap back button to go back to the game play. Tap the Volume icon to play the game music and vice versa. Tap the ‘$’ option to navigate to deposit screen. Tap anywhere on the screen to come out from the options. Game Rules: Chocolate Box Bonanza is a six-reel reactions game with cascading wins and symbols pay anywhere on the reel. When a player enters the game, a default BET is set. SPIN begins the game with currently selected bet. Bet amount can be changed by using ‘<’ and ‘>’ buttons. Payouts are paid according to the paytable. Win amounts are rounded off to the closest value. All payouts in this game are multiplied by BET amount. If 8 or more symbols appearing anywhere in reel view, payouts will be paid according to paytable. All possible wins are added to the total win. Only the highest win amount is paid on each win formation. 4 or more Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on the reel view awards the Free Spins Feature and Scatter payout will be paid according to the paytable. The min bet is $0.20 and the max bet is $20.00. The theoretical return to the player is 95.35%. Game Play History can be accessed by logging into your account on the desktop website and choosing menu “History” inside the game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Cascading Wins: All symbol wins produce cascades and will explode the symbols to produce new possibilities for extra wins. New symbols are “Cascaded” into the gaps left by the previous winning symbols to produce new possibilities for extra wins. The main reel symbols are dropped from above. Cascading feature will stop automatically if there are no new winning combinations to form a win All wins accumulated during these cascading wins are credited to player after the cascade feature has been completed. Free spins feature: The Free Spins Feature will be triggered when 4 or more Scatter symbols appear anywhere on the reel view in the main game. Player will enter the Free Spins Feature round once all the cascading wins are completed in main game. Player will be awarded with 10 free spins. All cascading wins in a single free spin will be added up to TUMBLE WIN meter. During the Free Spins Feature, there is a chance of getting a Nutty Chocolate symbol with some random multiplier value (2x,3x,4x,5x,7x,10x,12x,15x,20x,25x,30x,40x,50x,75x,100x) and it remains on the screen until the end of cascading wins. Nutty Chocolate symbol does not appear in the main game and appears only during free spins and awards a random multiplier value. Win amount of current free spin is multiplied by this random multiplier value. At the end of cascading win, the total Nutty Chocolate multiplier symbols are added up and multiplied by the total win amount from the single free spin. If 2 or more Nutty Chocolate symbols appear on same free spin, then total win amount will be sum of all random multiplier values on Nutty Chocolate symbols multiplied by cascaded win amounts of same free spin. During free spins if 3 or more Scatter symbols appear anywhere in the reel views re-triggers 5 more free spins. Buy Bonus Feature: During main game, player has an option to Buy Bonus Feature with 100 times of the selected bet amount. Payouts are paid according to the currently selected bet amount. The minimum bet for Buy Bonus Feature is $20.00 and maximum bet for Buy Bonus Feature is $2,000.00. On opting to take the Buy Bonus feature a Free Spins feature will be triggered via 4 Scatter symbols. All Free spin Feature rules will apply the same during this Buy Bonus Feature. The theoretical return to the player for Buy Bonus Feature is 95.34%. Browser Button Panel Commands: Click on Rules to view the detailed rules of the game as web page. Click on History to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on Real/Demo to switch between Real-money or Demo-money mode. Click on the Deposit button to deposit money into your account. The History functionality is applicable only for the real-money game play. Return to the player: The theoretical return to player of the main game is 95.35%. The theoretical return to player of the buy bonus feature is 95.34%. FAQ’s: 1. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'History' button once you have logged back in. 2.What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Click on ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit. 3. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Service team.