Capital Cash GAME OBJECTIVE: Capital Cash is a five reel, "All Ways Slot” game with 243 possible ways to win in the main game as well as free spins. Symbols pay from left to right in consecutive combinations (Ways), including reel 1. The game features Wheel of Fortune and Bonus feature. The Scattered Wheel and Gold Coin symbols do not pay. When three or more Scattered Wheel symbols appear anywhere in the view, Wheel of Fortune feature is triggered. The free spins can be re-triggered within the free spins. When 6 or more Gold Coins appear anywhere in the view, Bonus Feature is triggered with mini, minor, major, grand jackpot. The Wild symbol appears only on reels 2, 3 ,4 and 5 and substitutes for all other symbols, except for Scattered Wheel and Gold Coin symbols. HOW TO PLAY: Setting 'BETS': On entering a game, default bet is set. You can change the bet value by clicking the + or - buttons either side of the BET VALUE meter in desktop. Player can alter the bet by tapping hamburger menu and changing the bet meter in mobile. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount player wagered on the previous spin. Just click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. To change bet, increase or decrease the bet value shown on the game screen. MAX BET: Click on ‘MAX BET’ to select the maximum possible bet. If player balance is not sufficient to place max bet, this option will be disabled in desktop. SPIN: The SPIN button in the middle starts the game in desktop. The SPIN button is at the bottom of the game screen in portrait mode and at the right side of the game screen in landscape mode in mobile. Pay table: The Pay table can be viewed by clicking on the ‘i’ button located above the bet panel. Player can go back to the game by clicking on the close button the Pay table screen. Pay table in mobile can be viewed by tapping on hamburger menu and selecting the pay table option. Volume: The volume icon will play the game music. Click on the volume icon to mute the volume. Credits: After you have placed the desired bet, your remaining game balance is shown under ‘BALANCE’. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the ‘BALANCE’ meter and the 'BET' meter. Your game balance is shown at the bottom of the game screen. 'AUTOSPIN': Select the AUTOSPIN for hands-free play. To make use of the Auto spin feature, click on the 'AUTOSPIN' button in the bottom of the game screen. When the Auto spin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Select from the drop-down menu where applicable. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Similarly, click on Stop Auto spin button to stop the AUTO SPIN feature and return to the game screen. The available options under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will spin for the number of rotations selected from the slider menu. You can choose a maximum of 1000 spins and play until the player balance is more than the total bet placed. Spin till Win equals or exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the win amount is equals or exceeds the amount entered. Spin till feature trigger: The game will automatically spin until the next feature is triggered. When playing with multiple options and conditions selected, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be disabled. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again or opt for new option(s) and proceed with the game. 'AUTO SPIN' option will be disabled in the demo mode. GAME SETTINGS: To make use of Game Settings, click on the ‘settings button’ at the bottom of the game screen in between Pay table and Sound icon. Volume: Players can set the volume of the sound effects and ambience by sliding using the volume button. Sound effects: Toggle between On / Off to enable or disable the game win animation sounds. Quick spin: By checking this option, game play is faster than the regular spin and for UK player this option will be in disabled mode. Space bar to spin: By checking this option, the space bar can be used to trigger a spin in Desktop. MOBILE OPTIONS: Tap the Hamburger Menu Icon to view options such as the Pay table, bet settings, auto spin, settings, “i” button and Cashier in mobile. Tap the Home option to navigate back to lobby screen. Tap the Pay table option to view Pay table screen. Tap back button to go back to the game play. Tap the Volume icon to play the game music and vice versa. Tap the ‘ $’ option to navigate to deposit screen. Tap anywhere on the screen to come out from the options REEL STRUCTURE: The reel structure numbering for winning combinations in game is as below: 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 Wins are paid from left to right with consecutive symbols. GAME RULES: Capital Cash is a five reel, all ways slot game with 243 possible ways to win. Total BET is 10 times the selected BET VALUE. Click on SPIN button to begin the game with currently selected BET. All wins except Jackpot wins are paid according to the pay table. Way wins are multiplied by total BET. All symbols pay from left to right in any position on adjacent reels starting from left most reel except for the Wheel and Gold coin symbols. Only the highest win on each possible win combination will be paid. All possible wins are added to player BALANCE. Wheel and Gold coin symbols act as scatter symbols and do not have a direct payout. When 3 or more Wheel symbols appear anywhere in view, Wheel of Fortune feature will be triggered. Six or more scattered Gold Coin symbols anywhere in view triggers the Bonus feature and the chance to win up to 4 POTS. When Wheel of Fortune feature and Bonus feature are triggered during the same spin, Bonus feature will be completed first followed by the Wheel of Fortune feature. Free spins are played at the same bet as of the triggering spin. The Wild symbol substitutes for all other symbols except scatter Wheel and Gold Coin symbols. The Wild symbol appears on reels 2,3,4 and 5 only. Min bet is $0.10 and Max bet is $20. The theoretical return to the player is 94.00% Malfunction voids all pays and plays. All pays are shown in USD Currency. Gameplay history can be accessed by logging into your account on the desktop website and choosing menu ‘History’ inside any game. Wheel of Fortune Feature: When 3 or more Wheel symbols appear anywhere on the reel view, the Wheel of Fortune feature will be triggered. The Wheel of Fortune feature spins to randomly select one of the five features: i) Bonus feature ii)10 free spins with 50 extra wilds and 2x multiplier iii)20 free spins with 50 extra wilds iv)20 free spins with 100 extra wilds v)20 free spins with 150 extra wilds During free spins, if 3 or more Wheel symbols appear anywhere on the reel view, same number of free spins will be retriggered with the initial multiplier and extra wilds awarded. The Bonus feature can also be triggered from Wheel of Fortune feature but will start with zero coins deployed. If Bonus feature is awarded from Wheel of Fortune feature, Gold Coins in main game if any, will not be locked into the bonus feature. The Bonus feature will be continued until the player reaches zero spins or 15 Gold coins appear on the reel view. Bonus Feature: When 6 or more Gold Coin symbols appear anywhere in view, the Bonus feature will be triggered. Bonus Feature starts with the triggering Gold Coin symbols collected & are placed in random positions. The Bonus Feature will be played with 15 independent reels spinning individually and only gold coin symbol is available during the Bonus Feature. Initially, 3 spins will be awarded in the Bonus feature, if a further Gold Coin symbol lands in the reel view during these spins, then 3 spins will be replenished. Each Gold Coin symbol that lands in the reel view will have a random multiplier among 0.5x,1x,1.5x,2x,2.5x,3x,4x,4.5x,5x,7.5x, 15x,20x,60x ,75x which will be multiplied by total bet. The Bonus feature will be continued until the player reaches zero spins or 15 Gold Coins appear on the reel view. Once the Bonus feature is completed, all the Gold Coin values that are on the Bonus reel view will be added cumulatively and awarded as Bonus feature winnings to the player. The Pots can be won only during the Bonus feature: i)If Gold coin labeled as MINI appears anywhere in the Bonus view, the Mini Pot will be awarded to the player ii) If Gold coin labeled as MINOR appears anywhere in the Bonus view, the Minor Pot will be awarded to the player iii) If Gold coin labeled as MAJOR appears anywhere in the Bonus view, the Major Pot will be awarded to the player iv) If Gold coin labeled as GRAND appears anywhere in the Bonus view, the Grand Pot will be awarded to the player The POT value is in ratio with the total bet wagered. BROWSER BUTTON PANEL COMMANDS: Click on Rules to view the detailed rules of the game as web page. Click on History to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on Real Money/Demo to switch between real-money or play-money mode. Click on the ‘ Deposit’ button to deposit money into your account. The History functionality is applicable only for the real-money game play. RETURN TO THE PLAYER: The theoretical return to player of this game is 94.00%. FAQ’s: 1. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'History' button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected in the middle of the feature round, you will be prompted to complete it after logging back in. After completing the feature, you can continue game play, or you can select another game of your choice. 2. What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Click on ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit. 3. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Service team. Last modification date: 3/14/2024