Cash Cruise Main Game Screen Game Objective: Cash Cruise is a 5x3-reel, 9-variable-line slot game with a Cash Flash Jackpot feature. You win based on the combination of the various symbols displayed on the selected winning payline(s). The ‘PAYTABLE’ below shows how much you win for each combination. For each bet amount placed, the house adds a percentage of the bet amount to the running jackpot total. Paytable Paylines Game Information: The game is played with 9 variable paylines. When you enter the game, a default total bet is set. The TOTAL BET is the number of variable lines multiplied by the selected BET VALUE. SPIN can be triggered by clicking on the spin button with the currently selected BET and LINES. Payouts are displayed on the PAYTABLE. The BET VALUE can be changed by using the and buttons. Payline wins are multiplied by the amount ‘bet per line’ and gets added to other payline wins. The Girl symbol substitutes for all the symbols, except for the Scattered Ship symbol. All symbols pay from left to right except Scatter ship which pays anywhere in reel view. The highest win amount is paid on each selected payline. Coinciding wins on different bet lines are all added to your total. The feature round is triggered when 3 or more scattered ship symbols appear anywhere in reel. All winning symbols will be animated in addition to background animations. Whenever there is a win, the total BALANCE will update, and the amount won in the spin is shown in the WIN bar at the bottom of the game. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. Ca$h Fla$h Jackpot: The Ca$h Fla$h Jackpot is a jackpot that grows progressively as bets are placed. For each spin, the house adds a small credit to the running jackpot total. The Ca$h Fla$h Jackpot can be won irrespective of hitting any paying or non-paying combination, while betting any amount. How to play: Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet value is set for all 9 lines on the slot machine. You can increase the bet value by clicking on the button to the right of 'BET VALUE' or you can decrease the bet value by clicking the button to the left. Bets will not be adjusted to the next possible bet. If your balance drops below total bet placed, click on the button shown at the bottom of the game screen. LINES: 25 9-lines are fixed by default. MAX BET: To play with MAX BET, click on . If your balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled. The number of lines are multiplied by the Bet per Line. The total bet amount is displayed below the 'BET' label, which can be found at the bottom of the game screen. Paytable: The paytable can be viewed either by clicking on the button located in bottom of the game screen beside the Game Settings and Sound icons or by clicking on the button on the left side of the game screen. You can go back to the game by clicking on the button on the paytable screen or the area outside of paytable screen. Spin: Click on the SPIN icon to start spinning the reels. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines will be paid according to the paytable. Result: Wins are indicated by the texts shown on the reels with the total win amount being shown at the bottom of the screen below 'WIN'. Volume: icon will play the game music. Click on icon will mute the volume . AUTO SPIN: You can use this feature to choose all or any of the various options for 'hands free' game play. The available options under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will spin for the number of rotations selected on the slider menu. You can choose maximum of 1,000 spins and play until your balance is more than the total bet placed. For UK Player with UKGC user number of spins available will be 100. Spin till Win equals or exceeds: The game will spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount entered in the numeric text box . Spin till Loss not exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the loss limit is reached. Loss will be calculated with (Loss = Total bets - Total wins) Total bets=accumulated total bets Total wins=accumulated total wins (((Total bets- Total wins) + current game bet) If feature trigger: The game will spin until the next feature is triggered. To make use of the auto spin feature, click on the 'AUTOSPIN' button in the bottom of the game screen. When the auto spin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Select from the drop-down menu where applicable. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Similarly, click on the Stop Auto Spin button to stop the auto spin feature and return to the game screen. When playing with multiple options and conditions selected, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be disabled. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again or opt for new option(s) and proceed with the game. 'AUTO SPIN' option will be disabled in the play-money mode. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount you wagered on the previous spin. Just click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. ­To change your bet, increase or decrease the Bet shown on the game screen. Credits: After you have placed the desired bet, your remaining game balance is shown under ‘BALANCE’. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the ‘BALANCE’ meter and the 'BET' meter. Your game balance is shown at the bottom of the game screen. Game Settings: To make use of game settings, click on the Game Settings button at the bottom of the game screen in between paytable and sound icons. Volume: Players can set the volume of the sound effects by sliding through the volume button. Sound effects: Toggle between on / off to enable or disable the game win animation sounds. Ambience sound: Toggle between on / off to enable or disable the game background sound. Quick spin: By checking this option, game play is faster than the regular spin. Space bar to spin: Player can use space bar key to spin the game. Game Rules: The game is played with 9 variable paylines. When you enter the game, a default total bet is set. The TOTAL BET is Number of variable lines multiplied by the selected BET VALUE. SPIN can be triggered by clicking on the spin button with the currently selected BET and LINES. Payouts are displayed on the PAYTABLE Payline wins are multiplied by the amount ‘bet per line’ and gets added to other payline wins. The Girl symbol substitutes for all the symbols, except for the Scattered Ship symbol. All symbols pay from left to right, except for the Scatter Ship symbol which pays anywhere The highest win amount is paid on each selected payline. Coinciding wins on different bet lines are all added to your total. The feature round is triggered when 3 or more Scattered Ship symbols appear anywhere in reel. All winning symbols will be animated in addition to background animations. Whenever there is a win, the total BALANCE will update, and the amount won in the spin is shown in the WIN bar at the bottom of the game. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. Browser Panel Commands: Click on Responsible Gaming to navigate to the Responsible Gaming page. Click on Game Rules to view game rules of the game. Click on Game logs to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on Deposit button to add funds to your account. Click on Real/Play to switch between real-money or play-money game modes. The Game logs functionality is applicable only for the real-money game play. Features: Jackpot feature round: A Ca$h Fla$h jackpot can be triggered anytime, either during normal spin, autospin or after the feature game. Any bet is eligible for the jackpot. The larger is your wager on each game, the more chances you have of winning the jackpot. You will be informed of any jackpot wins by a pop-up message, and the win amount will be credited to your account immediately. The current value of the jackpot is shown at the top of the game screen. Cash Flash Jackpot has two pools for each jackpot tier, current instance pool and reserve pool. During game play a % of the total bet (mentioned below) is contributed towards both the pools: Jackpot Name Initial Seed (USD) Instance Contribution % Reserve Contribution % Ca$h Fla$h Jackpot $1,000.00 0.125% 0.875% Cash Flash Jackpot starts with initial seed amount. Initial Jackpot seed is funded by “ The House ”, and the subsequent instances are funded from reserve pool, t he amount accumulated in reserve pool becomes the next seed . Cash Flash jackpot is played across multiple games and all games have equal probability of winning the jackpot. Multiple players cannot trigger the current jackpot amount. In-case of network disconnections during the Jackpot feature, jackpot win will be credited to player account balance automatically. The jackpot is triggered randomly. Only real money play will contribute to the jackpot amount. The maximum jackpot amount player can get from this jackpot is 2,500,000 USD. Jackpot Contribution/RTP is 1.00%. Ship to Shore Feature game play: Any 3 or more Scattered Ship symbols trigger the Ship to Shore feature. Players must play the Ship to Shore feature 3 times when the feature is triggered. Players must select 5 ships out of 9 to know the prize amount awarded. If players find 3 same bonus symbols which are shown below, then prize amount will be awarded to the player. When a match is made a random prize worth up to 1,000 times of triggering bet will be awarded to the player. Return to the player: The theoretical return to player of this game is 95.04%. FAQ’s: 1. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game logs' button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected in the middle of the feature round, you will be prompted to complete it after logging back in. After completing the feature round, you can continue game play, or you can select another game of your choice. 2. What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Click on ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit. 3. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. 4. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Service team.