Coffee Shop Mobile Main Game screen Game Objective: Coffee Shop is a five-reel, 20 fixed paylines slot game with Ruth and Benny features. When 9 Scattered Ruth or Scattered Benny symbols accumulated from spins then respective feature will trigger. Free spins can be re-triggered based on the number of scattered Ruth or Scattered Benny symbols appeared in the free spins. . Paytable Paylines Game Information: Game will be played with 20 Fixed paylines. All payouts are made according to the paytable. All Symbols pay left to right starting from left most reel and right to left starting from right most reel except the Scattered Benny and Scattered Ruth symbols. 5 of a kind symbols on a payline will pay only left to right. SPIN starts the game with currently selected BET and 20 fixed LINES. Payline wins are multiplied by selected BET PER LINE. Coinciding wins on different paylines are all added to total win. Benny and Ruth scatter symbols does not have payout. Coffee Shop is a wild symbol and it substitutes for all symbols except the Benny and Ruth scatter symbols . Wild symbol will appear only on reels 1,2,4 and 5. Whenever there is a win, the total BALANCE will update, and the amount won in the spin is shown in the WIN bar at the bottom of the game. How to play: Spin: Click on Spin button to start the game. The SPIN button is available at the bottom of the game screen in portrait mode and at the right side of the game screen in landscape mode. Result: Wins are indicated by animated symbols, and in case of a scatter win, by animated scatter symbols. Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet is set. You can alter the bet per line by clicking on and changing the Bet Per Line meter as shown below. MAX BET: Slide on MAX BET to select the maximum possible bet. If your balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled. AUTOSPIN: You can make use of this feature to select various options for 'hands free' game play. To make use of the ‘AUTOSPIN’ feature, tap on the button. When the Autospin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you would like to play with. Tap on ‘OK’ to activate the selected options and start the spins. The available options under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will spin for the number of rotations selected from the slider menu. You can choose a maximum of 1000 spins and play until your balance is more than the total bet placed. Under UKGC regulation, the number of spins available will be set to a maximum of 100. Spin till Win equals or exceeds: The game will spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount entered in the numeric text box. Spin till Loss not exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the loss limit is reached. Loss will be calculated with (Loss = Total bets - Total wins) Total bets=accumulated total bets Total wins=accumulated total wins (((Total bets- Total wins) + current game bet) <= Loss limit target) then next auto spin will be allowed.” Spin till feature trigger: The game will spin until the next feature is triggered. Autospin Panel When playing with multiple options and conditions selected, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be disabled. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again or opt for new option(s) and proceed with the game. Click on the STOP SPIN button to deactivate AUTOSPIN and the normal game will be restored. Tap on menu icon to view the option like paytable, Bet settings, Autoplay, Settings button, i button and cashier. Tap on the ‘Lobby’ option to navigate back to lobby screen. Tap on the 'PAYTABLE' option to view Paytable screen. Tap on the button to go back to the game play. Tap on the ‘Sound’ icon to play the game music and vice versa. Tap on the ‘Cashier’ option to navigate to deposit screen. Tap anywhere on the screen to come out from the options. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount you wagered on the previous spin. Just click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. ­To change your bet, increase or decrease the Bet shown on the game screen. The total win amount is shown in the WIN meter at the bottom of the screen. Credits: After you have placed the desired bet and clicked on SPIN, your remaining game balance is shown under ‘BALANCE’. Your game balance is shown at the bottom of the game screen. Tap on ‘Quick Spin’ icon to reduce the time of the spin. Game Rules: Game can be played with 20 Fixed paylines. All payouts are made according to the paytable. All Symbols pay left to right starting from left most reel and right to left starting from right most reel except the Scattered Benny and Scattered Ruth symbols. 5 of a kind symbols on a payline will pay only left to right. SPIN begins the game with currently selected BET and fixed LINES. Payline wins are multiplied by the amount BET PER LINE. Coinciding wins on different paylines are all added to your total win. Only the highest win on each payline is paid. Benny and Ruth scatter symbols do not have payout. Wild symbol substitutes for all the symbols except the Benny and Ruth scatter symbols. Wild symbol will appear only on reels 1,2,4 and 5. The BALANCE will update with any winnings at the end of the game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Theoretical return to the player is in between 95.86% to 96.16%. The maximum win in this game is capped to 250,000 EUR or its equivalent amount in your currency during main game or bonus game. Further Free spins or line wins will be forfeited if the highest win is reached during the bonus game. Feature Transition Game Rules: Benny/Ruth symbols appear anywhere in view during main game. Each character symbol will add to the coffee cups or jugs towards Benny/Ruth when in view. Benny/Ruth feature will be triggered when 9 cups or jugs have been collected. Benny feature will take precedence when both the features (Benny/Ruth) trigger on same spin. Ruth feature will resume after completing Benny feature. Number of coffee cups and jugs filled are persistent for the bet selected by the player and this feature is platform dependent Feature rounds (Benny/Ruth) will be played with the same bet per line of the triggering spin. If the meter overshoots (e.g. Benny bonus is at position 8 and 3 Benny symbols land in view), the bonus is triggered, and the excess Benny symbols do not add anything. Same will be applicable for Ruth bonus as well. Benny Bonus Feature Rules: Collecting 9 cups activates the Benny Bonus feature. Player has a choice to choose 1 among the 4 options available. 15 Free spins with 1x multiplier 10 Free spins with 4x multiplier 5 Free spins with 8x multiplier Randomly selects one among the below options 15 Free spins with 1x or4x or 8x multiplier 10 Free spins with 1x or 4x or 8x multiplier 5 Free spins with 4x or 8x multiplier After selecting the option, Game will be changed to ways for this feature where 20 paylines will be changed to 243 ways to pay. All symbols pay left to right and right to left except scattered Benny Symbol. All winning positions in this feature will be cascaded and replaced with the new symbols thus allowing player to win more on the same spin. Each win during free spins will increase the player’s multiplier by 1 for further spins. Cascading of reels will continue until there is no wins available on reels. 3 or more Benny symbols appearing during free spins will award extra free spins to the player. 3 Benny symbols on a free spin will award 5 extra spins, 4 Benny symbols will award 10 extra spins, 5 Benny symbols will award 15 extra spins. In case of symbol wins, Extra free spins will be awarded, after cascading is completed. (For Example, If player gets 4 Benny symbols and a way win on a free spin and gets one more Benny after cascading the reels, 5 Benny symbols will be considered and 15 extra spins will be awarded to the player). If the player reaches last free spin with zero winning during this feature, free spins will continue until we get a win. This feature of continuing free spins is available only when player chooses 10 or 15 free spins during the Benny feature selection. Benny symbols do not disappear to produce cascades. Coffee cups will not be collected during the free spins. Ruth Bonus Feature Rules: When Coffee jugs towards Ruth gets filled and reaches Ruth, Ruth Bonus feature will be triggered. 10 Free spins will be awarded to the player with a special expanding symbol. During Free spins and after paying out for all winning paylines, if the special Expanding symbol appears anywhere in reel view, After expanding, the special expanding symbol will pay accordingly to the Paytable, in all active lines, no matter whether the symbols of the winning combination are consecutive or not. Symbols on those reels are replaced by the special Expanding symbol, provided there are enough special expanding symbols for a win as per Paytable. 3 or more Ruth symbols appearing during free spins will increase the awarded free spins to the player. 3 Ruth symbols on a free spin will award 5 free spins, 4 Ruth’s will award 10 spins, 5 Ruth’s will award 15 spins. All symbols pay left to right and right to left except the special expanding symbol which pays anywhere provided there are enough symbols for payout. Special expanding symbol is paid on fixed paylines irrespective of left to right direction. Coffee jugs will not be collected during the free spins. Return to the player: The theoretical return to player of this game is 95.86 to 96.16 %. Game History: Gameplay history can be accessed by logging into your account on the desktop website and choosing menu “Game logs” inside any game. FAQ’s: 1. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game logs' button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected in the middle of the feature round, you will be prompted to complete it after logging back in. After completing the feature round, you can continue game play, or you can select another game of your choice. 2. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. 3. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team.