CRY WOLF BOUNTY GAME OBJECTIVE: CRY WOLF BOUNTY is a 5x3 reels, 25 fixed payline slot game that features both a Freespins round and a POT feature where the player can win up to three POTS, Mega or Major or Mini. The POT feature is triggered by collecting 7 Moon symbols from the reels. Freespins are triggered by 3 Scatter Sunset symbols in view. HOW TO PLAY: Setting 'BET': When players enter the game, a default bet is set. The player can change the Bet value by clicking the + or - buttons on either side of the Bet icon on desktop or mobile. On clicking the Bet icon, a Bet selection window will pop out, and the player can select the desired bet in between the Minimum and Maximum Bets. Repeat Bet/Change Bet: The default bet for the next SPIN will be the same as the amount wagered on the previous SPIN. Just click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. SPIN: The SPIN button in the right middle starts the game on desktop (the s pace bar can be used to trigger a SPIN). The SPIN button is at the bottom of the game screen in portrait mode and at the right side of the game screen in landscape mode on mobile. Paytable: The Paytable can be viewed by tapping on the hamburger menu and selecting the Paytable option. You can go back to the game by clicking on the close icon. Volume: The volume icon will play the game sound. Click on the volume icon to mute the volume. Credits : Your remaining game balance after you have placed the desired bet is shown in the ‘BALANCE’ meter, i.e. the current game balance minus the total bet placed. Game balance is shown at the bottom of the game screen. 'AUTOPLAY': Select the AUTOPLAY for hands-free play. To make use of the AutoPlay Feature, click on the AutoPlay button in the bottom right corner of the game screen beside the volume button. When the AutoPlay pop-up opens, Select the number of spins from the pop-up. Click on the SPIN stop button to stop the AUTO PLAY Feature. The available options under this feature are: Selection of Spins : The game will SPIN for the number of rotations selected from the pop-up menu. You can choose a maximum of 1000 SPINS and play until your balance is greater than the total bet placed. The 'AUTO PLAY' option will be disabled in the demo mode. MOBILE OPTIONS: Tap the hamburger menu icon to view paytable and game rules . Tap the ‘i’ icon to view game rules. Tap the Paytable option to view paytable screen. Tap the close icon to go back to the game . Tap the Volume icon to play the game music and vice versa. Tap the back option at the top left corner to navigate back to the lobby screen. GAME RULES : Cry Wolf Bounty game is played with 25 fixed Paylines. Select SPIN to begin the game with the currently selected Bet. Bet amount can be changed by using the - and + buttons. Payouts are made according to the Paytable. All Symbols pay from left to right, starting from left-most reel in consecutive order on a payline, except for Scatter Sunset and Moon symbols. The Paytable will always show the win amount for the currently selected Bet. Only the highest win on each Payline will be paid. Wild (Wolf) symbol substitutes for all symbols except Scatter Sunset and Moon symbols. Scatter Sunset symbols and Wild (Wolf) symbols do not have any payout in the base game and in Freespins Feature. Moon symbols do not have any payout in the base game. All Moon symbols in view are collected in a 7 position trail. Collecting 7 Moon symbols will trigger the POT Feature. Moon symbols can hold over between games on a random basis indicated by the HELD panel. When two Features are triggered within a spin, then the POT Feature will be triggered first followed by the Freespins Feature. Coinciding wins on different Paylines are all added to your total win. All pays are shown in USD currency. The theoretical return to player of this game without Feature Enhancer is 94%. The theoretical return to player of this game with Feature Enhancer is 94.24%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Gameplay history can be accessed by logging into your account on the desktop website and choosing menu 'History' inside any game. FREESPINS FEATURE: 3 Scatter Sunset symbols appear on reels 1, 3 and 5 will trigger Freespins Feature and 5 Freespins will be awarded to the player. During Freespins, reels 2, 3 and 4 drop together as a Giant symbol. In Freespins, Scatter Sunset symbol, Moon symbols, and Wild (Wolf) symbols appear only in the Giant reel, and they are not distributed in reels 1 and 5. A Giant Moon symbol triggers the POT Feature and seeds 9 Moon symbols in the matrix prior to the POT Feature. A Giant Scatter Sunset symbol retriggers 5 Freespins in the Freespins Feature. The Giant Wild (Wolf) symbol substitutes for all applicable symbols and awards a minimum 4 of a kind win. All Bets during Freespins are the same as the triggering spin. All payouts during Freespins are made according to the Paytable. HELD FEATURE : All Moon symbols in view are collected to a 7 position trail. The POT Feature is triggered by collecting 7 or more Moon symbols and 3 Freespins are awarded. Moon symbols can hold over between games on a random basis indicated by the HELD panel. Any held Moons persist by Bet placed including Feature Enhancer ON Bets and are platform dependent. The number of Moon symbols collected are seeded into matrix at the start of the POT Feature. POT FEATURE : The POT Feature is activated when 7 or more Moon symbols are collected during the base game. The Giant Moon symbol in Freespins Feature also triggers the POT Feature. Initially 3 Freespins will be awarded. The collected Moon symbols will be carried into the POT Feature and will be distributed randomly within the 5x3 matrix. Any subsequent Moon symbols that land during the Freespins will also be added and locked. If one or more Moon symbols land, the number of Freespins will be reset to 3. The Feature ends when all Freespins are completed or when a player wins Mega bonus. Each Moon symbol that lands in the POT Feature will have a random multiplier value among 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, 10x, 14x, 16x, 18x, 30x and 100x which will be multiplied by the Bet placed. Moon symbols with multiplier 30x and 100x are considered as Mini and Major bonuses. Mega bonus will be awarded with multiplier 1000x, when all the positions in the matrix are filled with Moon symbols. Mini, Major and Mega bonus jackpots are fixed jackpots, and no amount will be contributed from player Bets. At the end of the POT Feature all the values shown on the locked Moon symbols will be collected to winnings along with any jackpot win. FEATURE ENHANCER : Feature Enhancer adds extra Moon symbols to the reels and increases the triggering chances of the POT Feature. Feature Enhancer increases the jackpot bonuses and Moon multipliers by 2x. The Feature Enhancer increases player Bet by 1.5x. Moon values are not affected by the Feature Enhancer Bet increase. BROWSER PANEL COMMANDS: Click on Rules to view the detailed rules of the game as a web page. Click on History to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on Real Money/Demo to switch between real-money or play-money mode. Click on the Deposit button to deposit money into your account. The History functionality is applicable only for the real-money gameplay. FAQ’s: What do I do if the balance is low to place a bet? If your game balance drops below the minimum bet, a message about insufficient money will be automatically presented. To add funds to your account, click on the “DEPOSIT” button at the right bottom of the screen, then select the desired deposit option. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you are disconnected in the middle of the base game or jackpot game, the software will automatically complete the game for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the “History” button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected after triggering or in the middle of the bonus or feature, on reconnection, the software will automatically start the disconnected bonus or feature, if not already started, or resume from where it was disconnected. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 customer service team. Last modification date: 7/4/2024