DOUBLE UP BLACKJACK DOUBLE UP BLACKJACK is a new concept variant of Blackjack that gives the player the unique opportunity to DOUBLE their wager and stay on any two-card hand, except for Blackjacks. This is a three-seat game, allowing the player to play up to three hands at once. The objective of the game is to accumulate cards in each hand as close to 21 as possible without going over 21. The value of a hand is the sum point total of all the cards in the hand, with face cards counting at 10. Aces can be counted as either 1 or 11, whichever is the greatest without going over 21. HOW TO PLAY: To place a bet, click on a chip at the bottom left of the screen to select a player’s chip value. Click on one of the available betting areas (the larger circles) to place the bet. Every click increases the player’s bets by the value of the selected chip. An optional Bonus 16 side bet can also be placed at the beginning of the game in the Bonus 16 betting circle (left of the main betting circle). By clicking the CLEAR button, this will remove all bets from the table. To withdraw the last stake placed on the table, click UNDO. Once all bets have been made, click on the DEAL button to deal the cards. Two cards are dealt to each of the player's hands, and two cards are dealt to the dealer's hand (one card is open and the other is closed). The cards are dealt clockwise, one at a time, to each hand in turns, with the first card going to the rightmost main betting circle on the screen. If a player is playing more than one hand, actions are taken for each hand separately, starting from the rightmost main betting circle. If the dealer's face-up card is an Ace, the player is offered insurance. Click YES to insure one hand at a time against the dealer having Blackjack or click NO for each hand if the player does not want insurance. As soon as the YES or NO button is chosen, the YES TO ALL and NO TO ALL buttons will not be shown for the remaining hands. To accept or decline insurance for all hands, click on YES TO ALL or NO TO ALL, respectively. This is also applicable for the “EVEN MONEY” scenario. If a player’s two cards have the same value, a player may split the hand by clicking the SPLIT button (split cards can only be split once). Click HIT to request another card or click DOUBLE DOWN to double a player’s bet and receive a third card. If a player does not wish to take any more cards, click STAND. When the dealer has completed their hand, each of the players' hands will be compared to the dealer's hand. If the dealer's hand exceeds 21, all bets remaining on the table will win. If the player’s hand has a higher value than the dealer's hand and has not exceeded 21, the player’s hand will win. Clicking on the DOUBLE UP & STAND option allows the player to double their original bet, and the hand will not receive any further cards. To DOUBLE UP, a player must click on the DOUBLE UP & STAND button, which will place a further wager equivalent to their original bet. Selecting DOUBLE UP & STAND button will stand the hand (the player must stay on the two-card total). Please note that INSURANCE, DOUBLE DOWN, SPLIT, and DOUBLE UP & STAND require an additional bet. If a player’s balance does not have sufficient funds to cover these additional wagers, they will need to deposit more money to use these options. Once each hand has been completed, the dealer will take cards in accordance with the pre-determined rules (the dealer must draw to a 15 or hard 16/soft 17 and stand on soft 16, hard 17 or 18+ values). End 16 Rule: - If the dealer’s cards total 16 (hard or soft) the game will stop. all hands push, except for Blackjack, 21's and bust. Blackjack pays 3:2 unless Even Money was offered and accepted, in which case the Blackjack pays as 1:1 and 1:1 for all other 21’s. If any hand value reaches 22 or more, the hand will automatically lose. If both the players and dealers’ hand counts are equal to 17 or over the value of 17, both hands will tie, and wagers will neither win nor lose. The DOUBLE UP & STAND option of the game allows the player to double their original bet, and the hand will not receive any further cards. To DOUBLE UP the wager, the player must click on the DOUBLE UP & STAND button which will place a further wager equivalent to their original bet. Selecting DOUBLE UP & STAND, stands the hand (the player must stay on the two-card total). GAME RULES: The objective of DOUBLE UP BLACKJACK is to make a hand that totals 21 or is closer to 21 than the dealer's hand without exceeding 21. All face cards count as 10. All other cards count as the numbers shown on the card. Aces can be used as either 1 or 11 depending on whether the card takes the total over 21. The value of a hand is the collective total of the individual card values. Blackjack is the highest hand and consists of two cards: an Ace and any 10-point card. Blackjack beats a score of 21. The dealer will receive two cards (one card open and the other card closed or facedown). If the dealer reveals a Blackjack, then all bets on the table will be lost (excluding insurance and Even Money bets). If the dealer does not reveal a Blackjack, the game will continue as per the standard rules of the game. The Dealer will only check for Blackjack, if the Dealer's first card is an ace, king, queen, jack, or 10. The dealer must wait for the player to complete their final hand before the dealer’s second card is revealed. Additional cards will be drawn to the dealer’s hand depending on the dealer’s two-card total. The dealer will continue to draw cards until the card total reaches hard 16 or soft 17. The dealer stands on soft 16, hard 17, or 18+ values. When the player gets Blackjack and the dealer’s first card value is greater than 9, then the dealer will draw a second card. Not applicable in American-style Blackjack. A player may choose to play between 1 to 3 hands per round of Blackjack and are played clockwise, starting from the player’s right-most main betting circle. The dealer's hand is played last. 8 decks of cards are used. After each round, used cards are returned to the deck, and the deck is shuffled. Aces count as either 1 or 11, face cards count as 10 and number cards count at their face values. The player cannot split a split hand. Only one card is drawn to each Ace in a split hand. A player can DOUBLE DOWN on a split pair, except on split Aces. SPLIT and DOUBLE DOWN wagers are independent of any side bets placed. Ace and a 10-point card after a split are considered 21, and not Blackjack. The player may double (card icon) after splitting. Depending on the strength of the player’s card, a player may choose from the following options offered: HIT, STAND, DOUBLE UP & STAND, SPLIT, or DOUBLE DOWN. Blackjack pays 1.5 times the bet amount (3 to 2). If the dealer’s cards total 16 (hard or soft), the game will stop. All hands push, except for Blackjack, 21's, and bust. Blackjack pays 3:2 unless Even Money is offered and accepted, in which case the Blackjack pays 1:1 and 1:1 for all other 21’s. If the dealers score is higher than 16, regular Blackjack rules are applied as follows: If the total value of the player’s cards is greater than the dealer's hand after the dealer has stopped taking cards, the player will be paid 1:1. If the total of the player's cards is more than 21, the player's hand is “Bust”, and the player automatically loses the bet for that hand. If the player and the dealer have the same points total (17 to 21), this is classed as a tie and the player's bet is returned to the player. The dealer always draws to soft 17. When the player wins, both the main bet and winning amount are paid as a total. Players can DOUBLE DOWN on any 2-card hand except a Blackjack and split Aces . Players can DOUBLE UP on any 2 Card Hand except a Blackjack without Split. In case of SPLIT player has a chance to opt for the DOUBLE UP option though the player has Blackjack. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. SPLIT: If a player’s first 2 cards have the same value (i.e., two 7s, two 10 valued cards etc.), then the player may split them into 2 separate hands (the second hand will require the same wager as the original hand). The player will then draw additional cards separately to each hand. A player may draw as many cards as they wish to each split hand if the total does not exceed 21 on each hand. The exception to this rule will be if the player wishes to split a pair of aces. This will result in only 1 additional card being dealt for each ace. If a player receives an ace and a 10-value card in a split hand, it is considered 21 and not Blackjack. Players can DOUBLE UP on the first two cards to each hand after splitting their cards (including split of Aces). Players can DOUBLE DOWN on any of the first two cards to each hand after splitting their cards (excluding Aces). A player cannot split a hand that has already been split. DOUBLE DOWN: A player may DOUBLE DOWN on any two cards dealt to the hand before taking a third card. This will require a bet equal to the original main wager. After making a DOUBLE DOWN bet, a final card will be dealt automatically to the players two card total. If the total of the three cards is more than 21, both the main wager and DOUBLE DOWN bet will lose. If both the players main wager and DOUBLE DOWN bet beat the dealer’s hand, then both bets will win. If both the players main wager and DOUBLE DOWN bet is less than the dealer’s hand total, both bets will lose. If both the players main wager and the DOUBLE DOWN bet ties with the dealer’s hand, both bets will push. A DOUBLE DOWN wager can be made on split hands, except for split aces. DOUBLE UP: Except being dealt a Blackjack, a player may place an optional DOUBLE UP wager, after receiving their first 2 cards, or after the second card on split hands. This includes the splitting of aces. The DOUBLE UP wager is placed at an amount equal to the original wager. The DOUBLE UP wager can be placed by selecting the “DOUBLE & STAND” button. To do this, just click on the DOUBLE & STAND button and it will automatically place an amount equal to the main bet. The player cannot receive any additional cards after the DOUBLE UP wager is placed, i.e., the player must stand on their two-card total after placing the DOUBLE UP wager. The DOUBLE UP wager rules are as follows: When the dealer does not have a 16: The DOUBLE UP wager wins whenever the player’s main hand wager wins. The DOUBLE UP wager loses whenever the player’s main hand wager loses. The DOUBLE UP wager will lose whenever the player and dealer hand ties (the main wager will tie, and no further action is taken). When the Dealer has a 16: The DOUBLE UP Wager will be push if the player's hand has a total of 20 or less. INSURANCE: If the dealer’s open card is an Ace, a player will be given the opportunity to insure each of their bets against the dealer receiving a Blackjack. If a player takes Insurance, it will require an amount equal to half of the player’s original main bet (this will be deducted from the player’s balance and placed separately on the table). If the dealer receives a Blackjack, the player will lose their original bet and will be paid 2:1 for their insurance bet. If the dealer does not have Blackjack, the insurance bet will lose, and the game will continue as per game rules. EVEN MONEY: If the dealer has an Ace, and the player has a Blackjack, the player has the option of taking “EVEN MONEY”. If the player takes the YES option, the player will receive the amount (1:1) for the Blackjack, thus protecting the player from a possible Dealer’s Blackjack. The player may also click NO for this hand. If the Dealer does not have a Blackjack, the player will be paid at the normal rate of 3:2 for the Blackjack. If the dealer has an Ace, and the player has a Blackjack, the player has the option of taking “EVEN MONEY”. If the player takes the YES option, the player will receive the amount (1:1) for the Blackjack, thus protecting the player from a possible Dealer’s Blackjack. The player may also click NO for this hand. If the Dealer does not have a Blackjack, the player will be paid at the normal rate of 3:2 for the Blackjack. BET LIMITS: Player can choose one among the 3 stake levels (Low Stake, Medium Stake and High-Stake levels). The minimum and maximum bet value depends on the stake level selected by the player. The minimum and maximum bet values for your current stake is The min bet is $1.00 and the max bet is $1,000.00. The min side bet is $1.00 and the max side bet is $100.00. PAYTABLE: When the player wins, the bet amount plus the payout amount is paid as a total. PAYTABLE: WINNINGS PAYS WINNING HAND 1:1 BLACKJACK 3:2 INSURANCE 2:1 PUSH Bet Returned EVEN MONEY ACCEPT 1:1 DECLINE 3:2 BUTTONS: CLEAR: Clear the table of all bets. UNDO: Remove player’s last bet. HIT: Request one more card. STAND: No more cards will be dealt to the player's hand. DOUBLE DOWN: Requests one more additional card to the player's hand (3 card total). SPLIT: Any two card hand that has the same value and split to make two separate hands. REBET: Place the same bets as in the previous round. REBET & DEAL: Place the same bets as in the previous round and deal the cards. DOUBLE & DEAL: Doubles the player’s bets from the previous round and deal the cards. DOUBLE UP & STAND: Clicking on the DOUBLE UP & STAND button will place an additional wager equal to the original wager and the respective hand will stand. INSURANCE: The INSURANCE button will be shown with a YES/NO option when the dealer is showing an Ace. YES: Click to accept Insurance and protect player’s bet for the current hand in case the dealer has Blackjack. NO: Click to decline Insurance against the Dealer having Blackjack and skip bet protection for the current hand. YES TO ALL: Click to accept Insurance for all hands against the dealer having Blackjack. NO TO ALL: Click to decline Insurance for all hands against the dealer having Blackjack. BONUS 16 SIDE BET: Bonus 16 side bet is a wager made on the outcome of how many cards the dealer draws to their hand to make a count of 16. Example: Dealer cards: 7 + 4 + 5 = 16. Payout – (3 cards) = 5:1 BONUS 16 is played independently from the regular game (A player must have a main bet wager to play the BONUS 16 side bet). This bet must be placed prior to any cards being dealt. Any wagers placed on the optional BONUS 16 side bet will be resolved after the main Blackjack game has been completed. The outcome of the BONUS 16 side bet is determined by how many cards the dealer draws to their hand to make 16 (Hard or Soft total). If the dealer draws to a hard or soft sixteen, the dealer's hand is complete, and the game will end. No further cards will be drawn. DOUBLE UP & STAND, DOUBLE DOWN, and SPLIT do not increase the Bonus 16 wager. Bonus 16 wagers can be won regardless of a player wins, lose, or bust on main hand. BONUS 16 PAYTABLE: DEALER CARD COUNT PAYS 2 4 : 1 3 5 : 1 4 10 : 1 5 50 : 1 6 100 : 1 7+ 500 : 1 RETURN TO PLAYER: The theoretical return to the player is 99.69%. The theoretical return to the player for the Bonus 16 side bet is 93.66% . BROWSER PANEL COMMANDS: Click on 'History' to view the logs of the games played. Click on 'Rules' to view the game rules of the game. Click on ‘Real Money/Demo’ to switch to real-money or demo-money game mode. Click on the 'Deposit' button to deposit to your account. The “History” functionality is applicable only for the real-money gameplay. FAQ’s: I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected from the DOUBLE UP BLACKJACK game just after all the inputs are given and there is no input required to continue the game, then the game is treated as complete, and on re-logging in, you can check the game details in History. What should I do if the balance is low to place a bet? Click on the ‘Deposit’ button at the bottom of the game screen and deposit. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team.