Double Double Win GAME OBJECTIVE: Double Double Win is a five reel, "All Ways Slot” game with 243 possible ways to win. Symbols pay from left to right in consecutive combinations (Ways). The game features Wild substitutions and a Double win feature on every spin offering even more chances for big wins. The Wild symbol appears only on reels 2, 3,4,5 and doesn’t appear on Reel 1 and substitutes for all other symbols. Every Spin has at least two identical reels that are locked together. Up to five reels can be locked together. HOW TO PLAY: Setting 'BETS': On entering a game, default bet is set. You can change the bet value by clicking the + or - buttons either side of the BET meter in desktop. Player can alter the bet by tapping hamburger menu and changing the bet meter in mobile. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount player wagered on the previous spin. Just click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. To change bet, increase or decrease the bet shown on the game screen. MAX BET: Click on ‘MAX BET’ to select the maximum possible bet. If player balance is not sufficient to place max bet, this option will be disabled in desktop. Spin: The SPIN button in the middle starts the game in desktop. The SPIN button is at the bottom of the game screen in portrait mode and at the right side of the game screen in landscape mode in mobile. Paytable: The Paytable can be viewed by clicking on the ‘ i ’ button located above the bet panel. Player can go back to the game by clicking on the down arrow in the Pay table screen. Paytable in mobile can be viewed by tapping on hamburger menu and selecting the paytable option. Volume: The volume icon will play the game music. Click on the volume icon to mute the volume. Credits: After you have placed the desired bet, your remaining game balance is shown under ‘BALANCE’. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the ‘BALANCE’ meter and the 'BET' meter. Your game balance is shown at the bottom of the game screen 'AUTOSPIN': Select the AUTOSPIN for hands-free play. For UK/Ontario user auto spin option will be in disabled mode. To make use of the Auto spin feature, click on the 'AUTOSPIN' button in the bottom of the game screen. When the auto spin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Select from the drop-down menu where applicable. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Similarly, click on stop auto spin button to stop the AUTO SPIN feature and return to the game screen. The available options under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will spin for the number of rotations selected from the slider menu. You can choose a maximum of 1000 spins and play until player balance is more than the total bet placed. Spin till Win equals or exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the win amount equals or exceeds the amount entered in the numeric text box. Spin till Loss not exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the loss limit is reached. Loss will be calculated with (Loss = Total bets - Total wins) Total bets=accumulated total bets Total wins=accumulated total wins (((Total bets- Total wins) + current game bet) When playing with multiple options and conditions selected, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be disabled. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again or opt for new option(s) and proceed with the game. 'AUTO SPIN' option will be disabled in the play-money mode. GAME SETTINGS: To make use of Game Settings, click on the ‘settings button’ at the bottom of the game screen in between Paytable and Sound icons. Volume: Players can set the volume of the sound effects and ambience by sliding the volume button. Sound effects: Toggle between On / Off to enable or disable the game animation sounds. Ambient sound : Toggle between On / Off to enable or disable the game background sound. Quick spin : By checking this option, game play is faster than the regular spin and for UK player this option will be in disabled mode. Space bar to spin: By checking this option, the space bar can be used to trigger a spin. MOBILE OPTIONS: Tap the Hamburger Menu Icon to view options such as the Paytable, bet settings, auto spin, settings, “i” button and Cashier in mobile. Tap the Home option to navigate back to lobby screen. Tap the Paytable option to view Paytable screen. Tap back button to go back to the game play. Tap the Volume icon to play the game music and vice versa. Tap the ‘ $’ option to navigate to deposit screen. The reel structure numbering for winning combinations in game is as below: 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 Wins are paid from left to right with consecutive symbols. GAME RULES: Double Double Win is a "all way slot" game with 243 ways to win. All Symbols pay from left to right starting from left most reel in any consecutive combination. The game features Wild substitutions and Double Win feature on every spin offering even more chances for big wins. Max bet selects the maximum bet amount. SPIN begins the game with currently selected BET. All Winning Combinations and payouts are made according to pay table. Way Wins are multiplied by the amount total bet. Only the highest winning combination per each symbol is paid. Coinciding wins on different symbols are paid and will be added to other wins. Wild symbol will only appear on reels 2,3,4 and 5 and will not appear on reel 1. Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols. The maximum win in this game is capped to 250,000 EUR or its equivalent amount in your currency during the main game or bonus game. Further Free Spins and wins will be forfeited if the highest win is reached during the Free Spins. The min bet is €0.20 and max bet is €50.00 Malfunction voids all pays and plays. DOUBLE WIN FEATURE: Every spin has at least two adjacent identical reels which are locked together. During the spin, the locked double reels can expand to become a set of three, four or five identical reels. At the beginning of each spin, the identical double reels can appear adjacently on any of the 5 reels. The number of reels that are locked together is random and occurs independently for each spin. BROWSER BUTTON PANEL COMMANDS: Click on Game Rules to view the detailed rules of the game as web page. Click on Game Logs to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on Responsible Gaming to open Responsible Gaming page. Click on Real/Play to switch between real-money or play-money mode. Click on Star to add or remove game from your favorites. Click on the ‘ Deposit’ button to deposit money into your account. The Game logs functionality is applicable only for the real-money game play. RETURN TO THE PLAYER: The theoretical return to player of this game is 95.15%. FAQ’s: 1. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game logs' button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected in the middle of the feature round, you will be prompted to complete it after logging back in. After completing the gamble feature, you can continue game play, or you can select another game of your choice. 2.What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Click on ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit. 3. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Service team. Last modification date: 4/18/2023