Dual Treble Fortune Game Objective: Dual Treble Fortune is a 3x3 reel with 5 fixed paylines slot game. You win based on the combination of the symbols displayed on the selected winning payline(s). The dynamic Paytable in the game will always show the respective symbol payout amounts for the currently selected bet on 5 fixed paylines. Game Information: Game is played with 5 fixed number of lines. When you enter the game a default total bet is set. The total BET is Number of Fixed lines multiplied by the selected BET VALUE. BET VALUE can be changed by using the and buttons. SPIN can be triggered by clicking on the Spin button with the current selected BET. Payouts are displayed on the PAYTABLE. Paytable will always show the respective symbol payout amounts for the currently selected bet on 5 fixed paylines. Highest win amount is paid on each selected payline. All symbols pay from left to right. All winning symbols will be animated in addition to background animations. The Ticker messages will appear on the bottom of game screen. Whenever there is a win, the total BALANCE will update, and the amount won in the spin is shown in the WIN bar at the bottom of the game. The game and game rules are identical in both the real-money and play-money modes, except that Auto spin option will not be available in play-money mode. How to play: Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet value is set for all 5 lines on the slot machine. You can increase the bet value by clicking the button to the right of 'BET VALUE', or you can decrease the bet value by clicking the button to the left. Bet will not get adjusted to the next possible bet, if your balance drops below total bet placed, then click on button shown at the bottom of the game screen. LINES: Five lines are fixed by default. MAX BET: To play with MAX BET, click on . If your balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled. The number of lines are multiplied by the 'BET VALUE'. The total bet amount is displayed below the 'BET' label, which can be found at the bottom of the game screen. Paytable: The Paytable can be viewed either by clicking the button located in bottom of the game screen beside Game Settings and Sound icons or by clicking button located below the WIN STUDIOS logo. The prizes displayed in the Paytable are per unit bet, and this game has dynamic Paytable and payouts shown in the Paytable are multiplied with the bet. You can go back to the game by clicking on the button on the Paytable screen or the area outside of Paytable screen. Spin: Click on SPIN icon to start spinning the reels. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines will be paid according to the Paytable. Result: Wins are indicated by yellow color lines and animated symbols inside it, with the total win amount being shown at the bottom of the screen below 'WIN'. Volume: icon will play the game music. Click on icon will mute the volume . AUTO SPIN: You can use this feature to choose all or any of the various options for 'hands free' game play. The available options under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will spin for the number of rotations selected from the slider menu. You can choose maximum of 1000 spins and play until your balance is more than the total bet placed.For UKGC player the maximum number of spins available will be 100. Spin till Win equals or exceeds: The game will spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount entered in the numeric text box. Spin till Loss not exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the loss limit is reached. Loss will be calculated with (Loss = Total bets - Total wins) Total bets=accumulated total bets Total wins=accumulated total wins (((Total bets- Total wins) + current game bet) <= Loss limit target) then next auto spin will be allowed. If feature trigger: The game will spin until the next feature is triggered. To make use of the Auto spin feature, click on the 'AUTOSPIN' button in the bottom of the game screen. When the Auto spin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Select from the drop-down menu where applicable. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Similarly, click on Stop Auto spin button to stop the AUTO SPIN feature and return to the game screen. When playing with multiple options and conditions selected, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be disabled. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again or opt for new option(s) and proceed with the game. 'AUTO SPIN' option will be disabled in the play-money mode. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount you wagered on the previous spin. Just click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. ­To change your bet, increase or decrease the Bet shown on the game screen. Credits: After you have placed the desired bet, your remaining game balance is shown under ‘BALANCE’. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the ‘BALANCE’ meter and the 'BET' meter. Your game balance is shown at the bottom of the game screen. Game Settings: To make use of Game Settings, click on the Game Settings button at the bottom of the game screen in between Paytable and Sound icons. Volume: Player can set the volume of the sound effects by sliding through the Volume button. Sound effects: Toggle between on / off to enable or disable the game win animation sounds. Ambient sound: Toggle between on / off to enable or disable the game background sound. Quick spin: By checking this option,game play is faster than the regular spin and for uk player this option will be in disabled mode. Spacebar to spin: By checking this option, Spacebar key can be used to trigger a spin. Game Rules: Game is played with 5 fixed number of lines. The TOTAL BET is Number of fixed lines multiplied by the bet per line. SPIN can be triggered by clicking on the spin button with the current selected BET and LINES. All Payouts are made according to the pay table. Paytable will always show the win amount for the currently selected bet on 5 fixed paylines. Highest win amount is paid on each selected payline. All symbols pay left to right starting with the left most reel. Highest win amount is paid on each selected payline. Win on different lines are added. The Ticker messages will appear at the bottom of game screen. Whenever there is a win, the total BALANCE will update, and the amount won in the spin is shown in the WIN bar at the bottom of the game. The game and game rules are identical in both the real-money and play-money modes and auto spin option will not be available in play-money mode. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Win Again Feature: Win Again Feature is triggered when same symbol appears 9 times on the game screen. Win Again Feature triggering symbols are Blueberry or Orange or Cherry or Lemon. Initially, the Wheel has 1 Stop and 6 Repeat sectors. On clicking the spin button, wheel starts rotating and halt on Repeat or Stop sectors. If it halts on Repeat, the screen returns to the game window and repeats the same win that triggered the feature and then Win Again Feature screen is shown. The Repeat sector will change to Stop and Spin button is activated for player to click it again. Win meter at the bottom of the Win Again Feature screen shows the cumulative total of all the repeat wins. Win Again feature will continue until the wheel halts on Stop sector. If the wheel halts in final available Repeat sector, then the win will be automatically collected before entering into the main game. Gamble Feature: Gamble feature will be enabled only if the game win is less than EUR 140.00 or its equivalent amount in your currency. Player can choose either Card Gamble or Ladder Gamble. During Auto spin, Card gamble and Ladder gamble are not offered for any win. Player can choose to exit the gamble feature at any time during the gamble game by clicking on the Collect button. The highest possible win in Card and Ladder gamble is EUR 140.00 or its equivalent amount in your currency as shown in the gamble screen. If player does not choose any of the gamble options within 10 seconds, the win amount will be added to the player’s account balance. Ladder Gamble: Player can enter Ladder Gamble by clicking on Ladder button. Ladder Gamble consists of three buttons: Collect, 1:1 and Partial Collect. Clicking on 1:1 button starts the gamble round. The highlighted value on the ladder indicates the current win and the flashing values indicate the next possible outcome. Flashing of the values on the ladder is based on player’s game win. If the game win value matches with any value on the ladder, then that value is highlighted on the ladder; and the immediate higher and immediate lower values will flash. If the game win value doesn’t match with any value on the ladder, then no value is highlighted; and only the immediate higher and the immediate lower values of the game win will flash. On continuing with gamble: If the current win value highlighted on the ladder is below mystery, then the immediate higher and EUR 0.00 values will flash. If the current win value highlighted on the ladder is EUR 4.00 (its equivalent amount in your currency as shown in the gamble screen), then the immediate higher and EUR 0.00 values will flash. If the current win value highlighted on the ladder is greater than EUR 4.00 (its equivalent amount in your currency as shown in the gamble screen), then the lowest value higher than the current win and the highest or the second highest value lower than the current win will flash. The selection between the two flashing values is not equally probable. However, the return from the gamble feature is 100%. By clicking "Partial Collect" button in ladder gamble, the highlighted win amount is lowered by one-step and the saved stake will be shown in win ticker area and then the gamble continues with the remaining amount. At the end of the gamble the Saved stake (which is shown in the win ticker area) and the gamble win (if any) will be added to the balance. Partial Collect button is disabled in below 3 cases: If the game win value does not match the values on the ladder, when entering into Ladder Gamble. If the highlighted value on the ladder is EUR 0.15 or its equivalent amount in your currency as shown in gamble screen. On winning Mystery. On winning MYSTERY: Collect, Partial collect buttons are disabled. 10 seconds timer is disabled. All the values above the mystery will flash, except the highest two prizes. On clicking 1:1, one of the flashing value will be highlighted, indicating the current win and the gamble feature will continue. In all other cases, on clicking Collect button, the highlighted value is credited to the balance. At any time during the Gamble, player can choose to collect. Clicking on Collect button, player will be credited with the highlighted value on the ladder and will be exited from Ladder Gamble. Ladder Gamble will end: If the player wins the highest possible value on the ladder or If player clicks on Collect or If player ends up with EUR 0.00 value in ladder. If player does not choose any of the ladder options within 10 seconds, gamble round will be terminated and the win amount will be added to the player’s account balance. Card Gamble: Player can enter Card Gamble by clicking on Card button. Card Gamble consists of four buttons: Red, Black, Collect and Partial Collect. Maximum of 6 cards are shown in previous gamble cards history. Any win under EUR 140 or its equivalent amount in your currency can be gambled. When player selects Black or Red in Card Gamble, it randomly displays Red or Black card. (Selects each card regardless of history). If player chooses correct color, it doubles their gamble amount, otherwise gamble amount is lost. You can gamble up to four times in succession. Partial Collect button will be available to players from first round onwards. Partial Collect button will be disabled, if win is less than or equal to EUR 0.10 or its equivalent value in your currency as shown in gamble screen. If Partial Collect is selected, 50% of the win is banked and the gamble resumes with the remaining 50% (half amount). At any stage during the gamble, the player can select Partial Collect. If 50% of the win amount has more than 2 decimals, then win amount will be rounded off. At any time during the Gamble, the player can click on Collect button and the current collect value will be added to the player’s account balance. If player does not choose any of the card options within 10 seconds, gamble round will be terminated and the win amount will be added to the player’s account balance. Browser Panel Commands: Click on Responsible Gaming to navigate to the Responsible gaming page. Click on Game Rules to view game rules of the game. Click on Game logs to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on Deposit button to add funds to your account. Click on Real/Play to switch between real-money or play-money game modes. The Game logs functionality is applicable only for the real-money game play. Return to the player: The theoretical return to player of this game is 95.04%. FAQ’s: 1. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game logs' button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected in the middle of the feature round, you will be prompted to complete it after logging back in. After completing the feature round, you can continue game play, or you can select another game of your choice. 2. What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Click on ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit. 3. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. 4. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 9/30/2020