Deuces Wild Deuces wild: The objective of deuces wild game is to obtain a five-card poker hand that contains a winning combination. The better player hand, the bigger the payout. See the 'PAYTABLE' in the game for more details. Placing the bet and clicking DEAL, deals 5 cards. Then choose the cards player want to hold on with among 5 cards and draw the remaining cards. The cards which are not held will be replaced with the new cards when we click Draw. player win according to the prizes in the paytable. After each round, used cards are returned to the deck and the deck is shuffled. Game Information: All suits (spades, hearts, diamonds, and clubs) have equal rank. The game is played with a 52-card deck. This consists of the 51 regular playing cards and 1 card acting as wild i.e. Deuces (2). The game is played with a single deck of 52 cards. The cards are shuffled at the start of every game. Upto 5 cards can be held for “the draw”. How to play Setting BETS: When player enter the game, a default BET is set. Player can increase the Bet by clicking the button and decrease the bet by clicking the button . The betting limits are shown on the game screen. The paytable level can be increased by clicking on ‘BET ONE’. Paytable is indicated by multipliers X1, X2, X3, X4, X5. The paytable level played is indicated by highlighting the respective column in the paytable. The TOTAL BET = Selected BET * The selected paytable multiplier. The 'BET MAX' button automatically sets the game to play with highest multiplier column of the paytable. PAYTABLE – The payouts are made as per the ‘PAYTABLE’ shown at the top of the game screen. The total win amount is the payout in paytable multiplied by the amount BET. The paytable lists the prizes for winning hands. Click 'DEAL' to receive five cards face-up. Player now have a choice to hold the cards deal. Clicking on a card will place a 'HOLD' symbol on that card. Click on ‘HOLD’ button to hold the card and to remove the 'HELD' card, click on the card again or click on “HELD” button. After making player selection, click 'DRAW'. The cards which are not held will be replaced from the deck at which point the game is complete. Player final win is based on the combination of the final set of cards shown after completion of “the draw”. Only the highest winning combination is paid. Platyer game balance is shown in the bottom right-hand corner of the game screen Malfunctions void all pays and plays. The min bet is C$0.10 and the max bet is C$300.00. Settings: Click on the settings option from Hamburger menu to view the settings. SPEED: The speed of the cards revealed can be selected as NORMAL mode. DEAL/DRAW ON: By checking ON option, Spacebar key can be used to DEAL/DRAW the cards. CHANGE BACKGROUND COLOR: The color of the background can be changed by selecting the desired color from the provided options. PAYTABLE: NATURAL ROYAL FLUSH: 5 cards with same suite having and sequential face value 10, J, Q, K, A will be considered as Natural Royal Flush without any wild substitution. E.g. 10 J Q K A of hearts, spades, clubs, diamonds. FOUR DEUCES: 4 2 cards with one any other card will be considered as Four Deuces. E.g.: 2 Heart 2 Spade 2 Club 2 Diamond along with any other card. 2222A, 22221,22223 etc. will be considered as Four Deuces. WILD ROYAL FLUSH: 5 cards with same suite having and sequential face value 10, J, Q, K, A substituted by wild i.e. deuces will be considered as Wild Royal Flush. E.g.: 10JQK2, 102QKA, 10J2KA etc. will be considered as Wild Royal Flush FIVE OF A KIND: 4 cards of same face value along with Wild card i.e. deuces will be considered as Five of a Kind. Except for 2 number cards. E.g.: 101010102, 33332, 44442, 55552etc. will be considered as Five of a Kind. STRAIGHT FLUSH: 5 cards of same suite and face value in a sequential manner will be considered as straight flush except 10, J, Q, K, A. E.g. 23456 of hearts, 678910 of clubs, 56789 of spades 34567 of diamonds etc in sequence. 4 OF A KIND: 4 cards out of 5 having same card value will be considered as 4 Of a kind. E.g. 22225,55557,99994 will be considered as 4 of a kind. FULL HOUSE: 3 cards out of 5 are having same card value and remaining 2 have the different same value will be considered as a FULL House. E.g. 5,5,5 of any suit and 2,2 any suit. FLUSH: 5 cards with the same suite and different numbers not in sequence can be considered as a flush. E.g. 2,5,A,7,K of hearts, 3,6,8,J,Q of Spades etc. STRAIGHT: Cards with different suites (out of 4) and which are in sequence are considered as straight. E.g. 4 heart 5 diamond 6 clubs 7 spades 8 heart will be considered as one of the straight case. 3 OF A KIND: 3 cards of same face value out of 5 cards will be considered as 3 of a kind. E.g. 33356,88895 etc. with same face value can be considered. Browser Panel Commands: Click on Responsible Gaming to navigate to the Responsible Gaming page. Click on Game Rules to view game rules of the game. Click on Game logs to view the logs of the games played. Click on the Deposit button to add funds to player account. Click on Real/Play to switch between real-money or play-money game modes. The Game logs functionality is applicable only for the real-money game play. Return to the player: The theoretical return to player of this game is 99.41 %. FAQ’s: 1. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If player get disconnected in the middle of the game will be prompted to complete it after logging back in. After completing the feature round, player can continue game play, or player can select another game of players choice. 2. What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Click on ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit. 3. If player having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team.