Double Double Win GAME OBJECTIVE: Double Double Win is a five reel, "All Ways Slot” game with 243 possible ways to win. Symbols pay from left to right in consecutive combinations (Ways). This game features Wild substitutions and a Double win feature on every spin offering even more chances for big wins. Wild symbol appears only on reels 2, 3,4,5 and doesn’t appear on Reel 1 and substitutes for all other symbols. Every Spin has at least two identical reels that are locked together. Up to five reels can be locked together. HOW TO PLAY: Setting 'BETS': On entering a game, default bet is set. You can change the bet value by clicking the + or - buttons either side of the BET meter in desktop. Player can alter the bet by tapping hamburger menu and changing the bet meter in mobile. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount player wagered on the previous spin. Just click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. To change bet, increase or decrease the bet shown on the game screen. MAX BET: Click on ‘MAX BET’ to select the maximum possible bet. If player balance is not sufficient to place max bet, this option will be disabled in desktop. Spin: The SPIN button in the middle starts the game in desktop. The SPIN button is at the bottom of the game screen in portrait mode and at the right side of the game screen in landscape mode in mobile. Paytable: The Paytable can be viewed by clicking on the ‘ i ’ button located above the bet panel. Player can go back to the game by clicking on the down arrow in the Pay table screen. Paytable in mobile can be viewed by tapping on hamburger menu and selecting the paytable option. Volume: The volume icon will play the game music. Click on the volume icon to mute the volume. Credits: After you have placed the desired bet, your remaining game balance is shown under ‘BALANCE’. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the ‘BALANCE’ meter and the 'BET' meter. Your game balance is shown at the bottom of the game screen 'AUTOSPIN': Select the AUTOSPIN for hands-free play. To make use of the Auto spin feature, click on the 'AUTOSPIN' button in the bottom of the game screen. When the auto spin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Select from the drop-down menu where applicable. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Similarly, click on stop auto spin button to stop the AUTO SPIN feature and return to the game screen. The available options under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will spin for the number of rotations selected from the slider menu. You can choose a maximum of 1000 spins and play until player balance is more than the total bet placed. Spin till Win equals or exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the win amount equals or exceeds the amount entered in the numeric text box. 'AUTO SPIN' option will be disabled in the demo-money mode. GAME SETTINGS: To make use of Game Settings, click on the ‘settings button’ at the bottom of the game screen in between Paytable and Sound icons. Volume: Players can set the volume of the sound effects and ambience by sliding the volume button. Sound effects: Toggle between On / Off to enable or disable the game animation sounds. Ambient sound : Toggle between On / Off to enable or disable the game background sound. Quick spin : By checking this option, game play is faster than the regular spin and for UK player this option will be in disabled mode. Space bar to spin: By checking this option, the space bar can be used to trigger a spin. MOBILE OPTIONS: Tap the Hamburger Menu Icon to view options such as the Paytable, bet settings, auto spin, settings, “i” button and Cashier in mobile. Tap the Home option to navigate back to lobby screen. Tap the Paytable option to view Paytable screen. Tap back button to go back to the game play. Tap the Volume icon to play the game music and vice versa. Tap the ‘$’ option to navigate to deposit screen. The reel structure numbering for winning combinations in game is as below: 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 Wins are paid from left to right with consecutive symbols. GAME RULES: Double Double Win is a 'all way slot' game with 243 ways to win. All Symbols pay from left to right starting from left most reel in any consecutive combination. The game features Wild substitutions and a Double Win feature on every spin offering even more chances for big wins. Max bet selects the maximum bet amount. SPIN begins the game with currently selected BET. All Winning Combinations and payouts are made according to pay table. Way Wins are multiplied by the amount total bet. Only the highest winning combination per symbol is paid. Coinciding wins on different symbols are paid and will be added to other wins. Wild symbol will only appear on reels 2,3,4 and 5 and will not appear on reel 1. Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols. Gameplay history can be accessed by logging into your account on the desktop website and choosing menu “History” inside any game. All pays are shown in USD currency. The min bet is $0.20 and the max bet is $50.00. The theoretical return to player of this game is 95.15 %. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. DOUBLE WIN FEATURE: Every spin has at least two adjacent identical reels which are locked together. During the spin, the locked double reels can expand to become a set of three, four or five identical reels. At the beginning of each spin, the identical double reels can appear adjacently on any of the 5 reels. The number of reels that are locked together is random and occurs independently for each spin. BROWSER BUTTON PANEL COMMANDS: Click on Rules to view the detailed rules of the game as web page. Click on History to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on Real/Demo switch between real-money or demo -money mode. Click on the ‘ Deposit’ button to deposit money into your account. The History functionality is applicable only for the real-money game play. RETURN TO THE PLAYER: The theoretical return to player of this game is 95.15%. FAQ’s: 1. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If Player get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play for you. Player will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'history' button once Player have logged back in. 2.What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Click on ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit. 3. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Service team.