Dragon's Hoard Game Objective: Dragon’s Hoard is a five-reel, Gold Jackpot slot game with 243 possible ways to win in the game. All symbols pay from left to right in any consecutive combinations except the scattered Clo the dragon symbol that appear anywhere in view. The Dragon’s Hoard Free Spins feature is triggered when three or more scattered Clo the dragon symbols appear anywhere on the reels. The scattered Clo the dragon symbols do not have a payout. The player is required to choose one scattered Clo the dragon symbol that reveals the free spin count and multiplier value. The Dragon’s Hoard Free Spins feature can retrigger more free spins with random free spins and same multiplier. Game Information: The game rules and payouts are identical in both the real-money and play-money modes, except that play-money mode does not contribute to the jackpot amount and Autospin option will not be available in play-money mode. Jackpots cannot be won during play-money games. Gold Jackpot: Gold Jackpot consists of four jackpots at different levels; the levels are from the lowest to the highest: Gold Blitz Jackpot, Gold Quick Jackpot, Gold Super Jackpot and Gold Mega Jackpot. All four jackpots grow progressively as bets are made. For each spin on any of the Gold Jackpot games, the house adds a small credit to the four running jackpots. All four levels in Gold Jackpot can be won irrespective of hitting any winning combination, while betting any amount. The larger the bet, the more chance to win a jackpot. The bonus feature round cannot trigger the jackpot. If there is a jackpot, which has triggered during the base game, which also triggers Free Spins, then the jackpot feature is played and shown after the Dragon’s Hoard Free spins feature play. How to play: Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet is set. You can change the bet per win by clicking the or buttons either side of the BET meter. MAX BET: Click on MAX BET to select the maximum possible bet. If your balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled. Paytable: The Paytable can be viewed either by clicking the button located in bottom of game screen beside ‘BET’ label or by clicking button located at the bottom of the screen beside the Ways to win text. The prizes displayed in the Paytable are per unit bet, and are shown as multipliers. You can go back to the game by clicking on the button on the Paytable screen. Spin: The SPIN button in the lower right corner starts the game. Volume: icon will play the game music. Click on icon will mute the volume . CREDITS: Your remaining game balance, after you have placed the desired bet, is shown in ‘BALANCE’ meter i.e. the current game balance minus the total bet placed. AUTOSPIN: Select the AUTOSPIN for hands-free play. The available options are: Number of spins: The game will automatically spin for the number of spins selected from the drop-down menu. You can choose any number of games and play until your balance is less than the total bet placed. Spin till Win equals or exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the win amount is equals or exceeds the amount entered. Spin till feature trigger: The game will automatically spin until the next feature is triggered. Autospin game is terminated whenever The Gold Jackpot is triggered in-between the Autospin. Autospin Panel To make use of the autospin feature, click on the 'AUTOSPIN' button in the bottom right of the game screen. When the autospin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Select from the drop-down menu where applicable and click ‘Ok’ button to activate the selected options and start the spins. Similarly, click the ‘X’ on the autospin window to exit the 'AUTOSPIN' feature and return to the game screen. When playing with multiple options and conditions selected, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be disabled. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again or opt for new option(s) and proceed with the game. Click on the STOP SPIN to deactivate AUTOSPIN and the normal game will be restored. 'AUTOSPIN' option is not available in the play-money mode. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount you wagered on the previous spin. Just click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. To change your bet, increase the bet meter shown on the game screen.­ All winning symbols will be animated in addition to jackpot location animation and background animations. The total win amount is shown in the WIN meter at the bottom right of the screen. Your remaining game balance is shown near the BALANCE meter at the bottom of the screen. Browser Button Panel Commands: Main Game Menu Options Click on Rules to view game rules of the game. Click on History to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on the Deposit button to add funds to your account. Click on Real/Demo to switch between real-money or play-money game modes. The History functionality is applicable only for the real-money game play. Game Rules: All payouts are made according to the paytable. The Dragon's Hoard logo wild symbol appears only in the base game on reels 1, 2, 3, and 4 and substitutes for all other symbols and works only in conjunction with all other symbols, except the Scattered Clo the dragon symbol. All wins occur on Ways, except for scattered Clo the dragon symbols which appear anywhere in view. All coinciding Way wins on different reel positions are added to the total. Way wins are multiplied by total bet amount. Only the highest win on each way will be paid out. Features: Jackpot feature round: A jackpot feature game can be triggered anytime, either during normal spin or autospin. Play the jackpot feature to know which level you have won. Any bet is eligible for the jackpot. The larger your wager is on each game, the more chances you have of winning the jackpot. Bonus round features cannot win the jackpot amount. Choose six out of the nine available symbols to reveal the '$' signs. Gold Jackpots Bonus game screen Each '$' sign awards one level of the Gold Jackpot. One '$' sign awards Gold Blitz Jackpot. Two '$' signs award Gold Quick Jackpot. Three '$' signs award Gold Super Jackpot. Four '$' signs award Gold Mega Jackpot. Click on the 'COMPLETE' button to restore the main game screen. If you win multiple jackpots, the jackpot feature for the next jackpot will start after you click the 'COMPLETE' button. The current value of all four jackpot levels is shown at the top right-hand corner of the game screen. Each jackpot resets to its base value after any player has hit it. The reset value of all four jackpots is shown below. When the jackpot feature game is completed, the main game screen will be restored to its previous state. Jackpot wins will be credited to your account immediately. Jackpot Level Reset Value Gold Mega Jackpot $500,000 Gold Super Jackpot $50,000 Gold Quick Jackpot $5,000 Gold Blitz Jackpot $500 Feature game play: The Dragon's Hoard Free Spins feature is triggered when 3 or more Scattered Clo the dragon symbols appear anywhere in view. Scatter symbols animate and waits for the player to select any of the scattered Clo the dragon symbols. Upon selection of a scattered Clo the dragon symbol, it will display the number of Free Spins and Multiplier won, while all other remaining scattered Clo the dragon symbols are revealed and grayed (but have not won). All the wins during free spins including the wins from the re-triggered spins are multiplied by the initially awarded free spins multiplier. The number of free spins and multiplier awarded are random. The initial number of free spins awarded with each trigger range from 6 to 30 and the multiplier awarded with each trigger ranges from 2 to 8. The Dragon's Hoard Free Spins feature can re-trigger more free spins. Free spins are re-triggered when 3 or more scattered Clo the dragon symbols appear anywhere in view during free spins and award random number of free spins (range from 6 to 30 but no additional multipliers) which will get added to the total free spins. Free spins are played at the same bet of the triggering spin. Feature wins are added to the game balance. Paytable: The PAYTABLE can be viewed by clicking on the “i” button. Paytable All symbols pay from left to right in any consecutive combinations, except Scattered Clo the dragon symbols which appear anywhere in view. Return to the Player: The theoretical return to player of this game is 90.04%. Adding funds to your account: To add funds to your account, click on ‘Deposit’ button either on the right bottom of the screen or on the “Deposit” button on the lobby, then select the desired deposit method and make the payment. FAQ’s: What do I do if I reach my betting limits? If your game balance drops below the minimum bet, message about insufficient money will be automatically presented. To add funds to your account, click on the “DEPOSIT” button in the right bottom of the screen, then select the desired deposit option. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you are disconnected in the middle of the base game, or jackpot game the software will automatically complete the game for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the “History” button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected after triggering or in the middle of the bonus or feature, on reconnection, the software will automatically start the disconnected bonus or feature, if not already started, or resume from where it was disconnected. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Service team. Last modification date: 11/2/2020