Double Deck Blackjack Snap GAME OBJECTIVE: Double Deck Blackjac k Snap is a variant of standard Blackjack that features the Snap side bet . This game allows you to play up to two hands of Blackjack at once, one after the other during game play. The objective is to accumulate cards to get a total of 21 or as close to 21 as possible, without going over 21. The value of a hand is the sum of the point counts of all the cards in the hand . HOW TO PLAY THE GAME: This game can be played with up to two hands. To play, player must place a bet on at least one of hands. Every hand may have a different bet amount . To place a bet, click on a chip in the bottom left of the screen to select desired chip value. Click on one of the available betting areas (the 2 larger circles) to place the bet. Every click increases player’s bets by the value of the selected chip . The Snap b et can only be placed when player places bets on both the hands. . Click on ‘ CLEAR BETS ’ button to remove all bets from the table. Clicking on ‘ DOUBLE ’ doubles every bet player has placed on the table. Click on ‘ UNDO ’ to remove the last bet made from the table. Click on the ‘ DEAL ’ button to deal the cards. 2 cards are dealt to each of the player's hands and one card to the dealer's hand. The cards are dealt in clockwise direction , one at a time to each hand in turns, with the first card going to the rightmost player hand. If player is playing with more than one hand, actions are taken for each hand separately, starting from the rightmost hand. If the Dealer's f irst card is an Ace, player is offered insurance. Click YES to insure one hand at a time against the dealer having Blackjack or click NO for each hand if player do not want insurance. As soon as YES or NO button is chosen, YES TO ALL and NO TO ALL buttons will not be shown for the remaining hands. To accept or decline insurance for all the hands at a time, click on YES TO ALL or NO TO ALL respectively. This is also applicable for the “EVEN MONEY?” scenario. If Player’s first two cards have the same value, player can split the hand by clicking SPLIT button. Click on ‘ HIT ’ button to request another card or click on ‘ DOUBLE ’ to double player’s bet and receive a third card. If player do not want any more cards, click on ‘ STAND ’ button . Please note that Insurance, Double and Split require an additional bet. If player’s balance does not have enough money to cover these expenses, player will need to deposit more money to use these options. When player have played player’s final hand then dealer will draw additional cards, in accordance with the rules . When the dealer has stopped taking cards, each of player’s hand is compared to the Dealer's hand. If player’s hand has a higher value than the dealer's and has not exceeded 21, player wins with that hand If any hand value reaches 22 or more, it is bust and automatically loses. If player wants to play another round, place bets as described above or click REBET to place the same bets as in the previous round, then click DEAL to deal the cards. Click REBET & DEAL to place the same bets as in the previous round or DOUBLE & DEAL to place doubled bets of the previous round and deal cards immediately. BET: The total bet amount is shown in the BET meter at the bottom left of the screen. BALANCE: Player’s remaining game balance, after player have placed the desired bet, is shown in BALANCE meter i.e. the current game balance minus the total bet placed. WIN: The total win amount is shown in the WIN meter at the bottom right of the screen. Volume: Volume ON Icon will play the game sounds. Clicking on Volume OFF icon will mute the sounds and vice-versa BUTTONS: DEAL – Deal the cards. CLEAR BETS – Clear the table of all bets. UNDO – Remove player’s last bet. HIT – Request one more card. STAND – Draw no more cards and end player’s turn. DOUBLE – When no cards have been dealt yet i.e. before starting the game play, this button doubles all bets on the table. When cards have been dealt, this button doubles the bet on the selected hand and requests a final card. SPLIT – Split the hand into two if player hold a pair. REBET – Place the same bets as in the previous round. REBET & DEAL – Place the same bets as in the previous round and deal the cards. DOUBLE & DEAL – Double player’s bets from the previous round and deal the cards. YES – Click to accept Insurance and protect player’s bet for the current hand in case the dealer has Blackjack. NO – Click to decline Insurance against the Dealer having Blackjack and skip bet protection for the current hand. YES TO ALL – Click to accept Insurance for all hands against the Dealer having Blackjack. NO TO ALL – Click to decline Insurance for all hands against the Dealer having Blackjack. RULES: The objective of Double Deck Blackjack Snap is to get a hand that totals 21 or is closer to 21 than the dealer's hand without exceeding 21. The value of a hand is the sum of the individual card’s value. Blackjack is the highest hand and consists of two cards: An Ace and any 10-point card. Blackjack beats a score of 21. Only one card is dealt to dealer at the start of the game. The Dealer does not check for Blackjack until all players’ hands have been completed. Dealer's second card is not drawn or considered until the player has completed all hands. The dealer waits for the player to complete his hand before being dealt his second card and then deal his other cards depending on the player's complete hand. When player gets Blackjack and if Dealer’s first card value is greater than 9, then dealer will draw second card. Player can choose 1 to 2 hands to play on in a game round. The chosen hands are played clockwise, starting from player’s rightmost hand. The dealer's hand is played last. Player may Split, Double and take Insurance, just like in standard Blackjack. When the player wins the bet amount plus the payout amount is paid. Double Deck Blackjack S nap is a variant of Blackjack with the following rules: 2 decks of cards are used. After each round, used cards are returned to the deck and the deck is shuffled. Aces count as either 1 or 11, face cards count as 10 and number cards count at their face values. The player may not split a Split hand. Only one card is drawn to each Ace in a Split hand. A player can place a double down wager on a split pair, except on split aces. Split and Double does not affect any side bets. Ace and a 10-point card after a split are considered 21, and not Blackjack. The player may double after splitting. Depending on the strength of player’s card, player can choose from the following options offered: “Hit”, “Stand”, “Double”, “Split”. Blackjack pays 1.5 times the bet amount (3 to 2). If the total value of the Player’s cards is closer to 21 than the Dealer's after the dealer has stopped taking cards, the player wins the bet amount (1 to 1). If the total of the Player's cards is more than 21, the player's hand is “Bust”, and the player automatically loses the bet for that hand. If the Player and the Dealer have the same point total (17 to 21), neither of them wins and the player's bet is returned to the player in a “Push”. The Dealer always draws to 16. The Dealer stands when the dealer's hand has a value of 17 or greater (including soft 17). The Dealer does not draw when the player is “Bust”. Blackjack beats a score of 21. SPLIT: If player’s first 2 cards have the same value (i.e. paired, for example two 7s, two 10 valued cards, two face cards, etc.), then player may split them into 2 separate hands. The second hand will have the same bet as the hand it was split from. Player will then draw additional cards to each hand. Player may draw as many cards as player like on each split hand unless player split 2 aces (in which case player can receive only 1 additional card for each ace). If player receive an ace and a 10-value card in a split hand, it is considered 21 and not Blackjack. player are only allowed to split once, even if a split hand is paired. DOUBLE: Player can double player’s bet on a hand before player take a third card. Player cannot double the bet on a hand after taking a third card. After doubling a bet, a final card will be dealt to player automatically. Player can double on all player’s hands if player wish. Player can also double player’s bet on a split hand except for the split of aces. INSURANCE: If the dealer's first face up card is an Ace, player will be given a chance to insure each of player’s regular bets against the dealer having Blackjack. If player take Insurance, then an amount equal to half player’s original bet will be deducted from player’s balance and placed separately on the table. If the dealer has Blackjack, player is paid 2 to 1 on player’s insurance. This way player does not lose player’s original bet (because player receive the value of player’s original bet plus the insurance amount back). If the dealer does not have Blackjack, player lose the insurance amount and the game will continue for the initial hand bet. Insurance does not affect any side bets. EVEN MONEY: If the dealer has an Ace, and the player has a BLACKJACK, the player has the option of “EVEN MONEY”. Click on YES for this hand, the player will receive the same amount (1:1) for the Blackjack, thus protecting the player from a possible Dealer’s Blackjack. The player may also click on NO for this hand. If the Dealer does not have a blackjack, the player will be paid at a normal relation of 3:2 for the Blackjack. If the first two cards dealt with the player are an Ace and a 10 -valued card combination, the hand is BLACKJACK and pays 3:2 if it beats the dealer. But if the dealer has BLACKJACK too the result is PUSH. If player have an Ace and a 10-valued card after splitting, the hand value is 21 only and not BLACKJACK. If the 21-valued hand wins, it is paid at odds of 1:1. When the dealer hand is complete the results are displayed on both the Dealer's and the player's cards. YES TO ALL and NO TO ALL buttons will not be shown if any of the hand(s) doesn’t have a BLACKJACK. YES TO ALL and NO TO ALL buttons will be shown if all player hand(s) has BLACKJACK and Dealer has an Ace. Player can choose one among the 3 stake levels (Low stake, Medium stake and High-stake levels). The minimum and maximum bet value depends on the stake level selected by the player. The default stake level is Medium Stake level. PAYTABLE: When the player wins, the bet amount plus the payout amount is paid. PAYTABLE Winnings Pays Winning Hand 1:1 Insurance 2:1 Blackjack 3:2 Push Bet Returned EVEN MONEY Accept 1:1 Decline 3:2 The payout format used here means that when player win, player get back player’s bet plus an amount that is a multiple of player’s bet. Example: If a bet of 1 is placed on any hand, and player win a Blackjack, then 1 (bet) + 1.5 (win) = 2.5-win amount is credited to player’s balance for that hand. S nap Bet: Player can be able to place the Snap side bet only if the bet is placed on both hands. Snap bet evaluation happens before the players cards evaluation. Snap bet cards evaluation is based on first 2 cards of the 2 hands and 1 st card of the dealer. Only the highest winning combination is paid or its equivalent. MATCHING PAIR OF CARDS IN BOTH HANDS : If the players first two cards have same face card and same suit in both hands , it is considered as Matching Pairs of Cards in both Hands. Eg: 2,2 of hearts on hand1 and 6,6 of clubs on hand2. PAIR OF CARDS IN ANY HAND : If the players first two cards have same face card and same suit in any one of the hands , it is considered as Pair of Cards in any hand. Eg: 10,10 of spades on hand1 and anything on hand 2(or) 7,7 of diamonds on hand 2 and anything on hand1. MATCHING PAIR ANYWHERE INCLUDES DEALER S CARD: 2 cards out of 5, having same face card and same suit will be considered as Matching Pair anywhere includes dealers card. Eg: 2,2 of same suit in 5 cards. Snap bet payout will be multiplied by the total bet amount place d and add s to player balance. Payout for S nap bet is as follow: Snap bet types Payout Matching Pairs of Cards in both Hands X1000 Pair of Cards in any hand X25 Matching Pair anywhere includes dealers card X5 RETURN TO THE PLAYER: The theoretical return to player for the main Blackjack game is 99.77 %. The theoretical return to player for the S nap side bet is 95.87 % Malfunction void s all pays and plays . Browser Panel Commands: Click on 'Game logs ' to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on 'Game Rules ' to view the current version number & game rules of the game. Click on ' Deposit ' button to deposit to your account. Click on ‘ Real/Play ’ to switch to real-money or play-money game mode. The “ Game logs ” functionality is applicable only for the real-money game play. The game rules are identical in both real-money and play-money modes . FAQ’s: 1. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected from the Double Deck Black Snap game just after all the inputs are given and there is no input required to continue the game, then the game is treated as complete and on re-login you can check the game details in game logs. If you are disconnected while the game is waiting for player input such as after the deal, you will be prompted to complete the game after logging back in. After completing the incomplete game, you can resume playing the game, or you can select another game of your choice. 2. What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Click on ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit. 3. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team