Enchanted Wilds Enchanted Wilds Main Game Game Objective: Enchanted Wilds is a five reel multi-payline slot game with free spins and gamble features. When 3 scatter (free Spins) symbols appear on reels 1, 3 and 5, the feature screen is displayed where players must choose one among the three Pick Me boxes. 10, 12 or 15 free spins will be randomly awarded. Players have a chance to increase their winnings through the Gamble feature. Payouts Paylines Game Information: The game is played with 10 fixed paylines. SPIN can be triggered by clicking on the spin button with the current selected BET. The ticker messages will appear below the reel set of the game screen. Bet per Line can be changed by using the and buttons. Payouts are displayed on the PAYTABLE. Payline wins are multiplied by the amount bet/line. Coinciding wins on different lines are all added to your total win. All symbols pay from left to right. Wilds substitute for all symbols except the scatter. Wild substituted wins will be awarded adjacent in reel view if occurred on a payline Scatter symbols will appear only on reels 1, 3 and 5. Gamble feature will be enabled on applicable wins. Whenever there is a win, the BALANCE will update, and the amount won in the spin is shown in the WIN meter at the bottom of the game. The game and game rules are identical in both the real-money and play-money modes, except that auto spin option will not be available in play-money mode. How to play: Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet per payline is set for all 10 lines on the slot machine. You can increase the bet per line by clicking the button to the right of 'Bet per line', or you can decrease the bet by clicking the button to the left. Bet and lines will not get adjusted to the next possible bet, if your balance drops below total bet placed, then click on button shown at the bottom of the game screen. · LINES: Ten lines are selected by default. Lines are fixed and lines count cannot be changed. · The Total bet is 10 times the bet per line and is shown near BET in the lower left of the screen. Paytable: The paytable can be viewed either by clicking the button located in bottom of the game or by clicking button located at the bottom of the screen beside the Lines text. The payouts displayed in the paytable are per unit bet, and are shown as multipliers. You can navigate to all screens of the paytable by clicking on and buttons. You can go back to the game by clicking on the button on the paytable screen. MAX BET: Click on MAX BET to select the maximum possible bet. If your balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled. Spin: Click on SPIN button to start spinning the reels. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines will be paid according to the paytable. Result: Wins are indicated by coloured paylines animated symbols, with the total win amount being shown at the bottom of the screen beside 'WIN'. Volume: icon will play the game music. Click on icon will mute the volume . CREDITS: Your remaining game balance, after you have placed the desired bet, is shown in ‘BALANCE’ meter i.e. the current game balance minus the total bet placed. AUTO SPIN: You can use this feature to choose all or any of the various options for 'hands free' game play. The available options under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will spin for the number of rotations selected from the slider menu. You can choose up to 1,000 spins and play until your balance is less than the total bet placed. If win equals or exceeds: The game will spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount entered in the numeric text box. If loss not exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the loss limit is reached. Loss will be calculated with (Loss = Total bets - Total wins) § Total bets=accumulated total bets § Total wins=accumulated total wins § (((Total bets - Total wins) + current game bet) <= Loss limit target) then next auto spin will be allowed. If feature trigger: The game will spin until the next feature is triggered. Auto spin Panel To make use of the auto spin feature, click on the 'AUTO SPIN' button in the bottom right of the game screen. When the auto spin window opens, Click on ‘More’ to show the extra options. Check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Click on the text box and enter the limit amount you want to play with. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Similarly, click on ‘X’ button to skip the AUTO SPIN' feature and return to the game screen. When playing with multiple options and conditions selected, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others and the remaining selected conditions will be disabled. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again or opt for new option(s) and proceed with the game. 'AUTO SPIN' option is not available in the play-money mode. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount you wagered on the previous spin. Simply click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. ­To change your bet, increase or decrease the bet shown on the game screen. Credits: After you have placed the desired bet, your remaining game balance is shown under ‘BALANCE’. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the ‘BALANCE’ meter and the 'BET' meter. Your game balance is shown at the bottom of the game screen. Game settings: Volume: Players can set the volume of the sound effects and ambience by sliding the volume button. Sound effects: Toggle between On / Off to enable or disable the game win animation sounds. Ambience sound: Toggle between On / Off to enable or disable the game background sound. Quick spin: By checking this option, game play is faster than the regular spin and for UK player this option will be in disabled mode. Space bar to spin: By checking this option, the space bar key can be used to trigger a spin. This option stays disabled, if intro video is not available for a game. If Gamble is enabled, space bar to spin will auto collect the win amount. Game Rules: Players can play the game with 10 fixed paylines. Payouts are made according to the paytable. SPIN begins the game with the currently selected BET. Payline wins are multiplied by the amount bet per line. Coinciding wins on different lines are all added to your total win. All symbols pays from left to right. Wild substituted wins will be awarded anywhere in reel view if occurred on a payline. Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except the scatter symbol and only highest win amount will be paid. Scatter (free spins) symbols appears only on 1, 3 and 5 reels. The Gamble feature will be activated for all applicable wins. Only the highest winning combination made with at least one non-wild symbol is awarded on each payline. The highest payout is paid for all possible symbols on for each payline. Gamble Feature: The Gamble feature will be enabled only if the game win is less than €140 or its equivalent amount in your currency. Players can choose between Card Gamble and Collect button. During auto spin, the Card Gamble is not offered for any win. Players can choose to exit the Gamble feature at any time during the Gamble game by clicking on the Collect button. The highest possible win in Card Gamble is €140 or its equivalent amount in your currency as shown in the Gamble screen. Card Gamble: Players can enter the Card Gamble by clicking on Card button. The Card Gamble consists of three b uttons: Red, Black and Collect. A maximum of 6 cards are shown in previous Gamble cards history. Any win under EUR140 or its equivalent amount in your currency can be gambled. When a player selects Black or Red in the Card Gamble, it randomly displays a Red or Black card. (Selects each card regardless of history). If player choose the correct colour, it doubles their Gamble amount, otherwise the Gamble amount is lost. You can gamble up to maximum of four times in succession. At any time during the Gamble, players can click on Collect button and the current collect value will be added to the player’s account balance. If player does not choose any of the card options within 10 seconds, the Gamble round will be terminated and the win amount will be added to the player’s account balance. Features: Free Spins Feature Rules: The free spins feature is triggered when Scatter (Free spins) symbols appears anywhere on reels 1, 3 and 5. Players have the option to select any 1 of 3 “Pick Me” options to know the number of free spins awarded. 10, 12 or 15 free spins will be randomly awarded to the player. During free spins, bonus trails are added to each reel which collects “Wild” Symbols as they appear on the reels. There are 5 trails active during free spins. Before the free spins begin, Wild symbols are added to the trails at random 2 to 15 wilds. As the reels spin, any Wild symbols that land in view on a reel are added to the corresponding Wild Trail. If the Wild count turns 3, then the Wild expands and covers the entire reel for the remaining free spins. If at the end of free spins no Wild Trail has been completed, the Wild symbols on the trail are added back onto the reels and any wins created by these are awarded to the player. At the end of all the free spins, the accumulated wins are awarded to total win. Free spins are played at the same bet of the triggering spin. The free spins feature cannot be re-triggered during free spins. Red Wild Feature Rules: The Red Wild Bonus is triggered when a Wild symbol appears on Reel 3, with zero win. The Wild symbol turns Red and then changes few symbols into Wild anywhere in the reels except scatter and wild symbol. The reels will remain static until the symbols change into wilds. On feature completion any Wins created from the additional Wilds are added to win and awarded to player. The Red wild feature can be triggered only in base game. Browser Panel Commands: Click on Responsible Gaming to navigate to the Responsible Gaming page. Click on Game Rules to view the current version number and game rules of the game. Click on Game logs to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on Deposit button to add funds to your account. Click on Real/Play to switch between real-money or play-money game modes. The Game logs functionality is applicable only for the real-money game play. Return to the player: The theoretical return to player of this game is 95%. FAQ’s: 1. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game logs' button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected in the middle of the feature round, you will be prompted to complete it after logging back in. After completing the feature round, you can continue game play, or you can select another game of your choice. 2. What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Click on ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit. 3. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. 4. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Service team. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/5/2020