Eye of Hathor Game Objective: Eye of Hathor is a five-reel, 10-variable payline slot game with free spins and Gamble features. When 3 or more scatter (Pyramid) symbols appear anywhere in reel view, the feature screen is displayed where the player has to choose one among the three Pyramids. 10, 12 or 14 free spins will be randomly awarded. Free spins can be re-triggered. Players have a chance to increase their winnings through the Gamble feature. Paytable Paylines Game Information: Game is played with 10 variable paylines. SPIN can be triggered by tapping on the spin button with the current selected BET and LINES. The ticker messages will appear below the reel set of game screen. Bet per Line can be changed by using the and buttons. Payouts are displayed in the PAYTABLE. Whenever there is a win, the BALANCE will update and the amount won in the spin is shown in the WIN meter at the bottom of the game. How to play: Spin: The SPIN button is at the bottom of the game screen in portrait mode and at the right side of the game screen in landscape mode. Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet is set. You can alter the bet per line by tapping on and changing the Bet per line meter as shown below. MAX BET: Tap on MAX BET to select the maximum possible bet. If your balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled. AUTO SPIN:You can make use of this feature to select various options for 'hands free' game play. To make use of the ‘AUTO SPIN’ feature, tap on the button. When the auto spin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Tap on ‘OK’ to activate the selected options and start the spins. The available options under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will spin for the number of rotations selected from the Number of Spins Meter. You can choose maximum of 1,000 spins and play until your balance is more than the total bet placed. Spin till Win equals or exceeds: The game will spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount entered in the text box. Spin till Loss not exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the loss limit is reached. Loss will be calculated with (Loss = Total bets - Total wins) Total bets=accumulated total bets Total wins=accumulated total wins (((Total bets- Total wins) + current game bet) Spin till feature trigger: The game will automatically spin until the next feature is triggered. Auto spin Panel When playing with multiple options and conditions selected, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others and the remaining selected conditions will be disabled. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again or opt for new option(s) and proceed with the game. Tap on the STOP SPIN button to deactivate AUTO SPIN and the normal game will be restored. Tap on menu icon to view the options like Paytable, Bet setting, Autoplay, Setting button, i button and Cashier. Tap on the ‘Lobby’ option to navigate back to the lobby screen. Tap on the 'PAYTABLE' option to view the Paytable screen. Tap on the button to go back to the game play. Tap on the ‘Sound’ icon to play the game music and vice versa. Tap on the ‘Cashier’ option to navigate to deposit screen. Tap anywhere on the screen to come out from the options. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount you wagered on the previous spin. Simply tap on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. To change your bet, increase or decrease the BET VALUE. ­All winning symbols will be animated in addition to background animations. The total win amount is shown in the WIN meter at the bottom of the screen. CREDITS: Your remaining game balance, after you have placed the desired bet, is shown in ‘BALANCE’ meter i.e. the current game balance minus the total bet placed. Tap on ‘Quick Spin’ icon to reduce the time of the spin. Game Rules: Player can play the game with 10 variable paylines. Payouts are made according to the paytable. SPIN begins the game with the currently selected BET and LINES. Payline wins are multiplied by the amount bet per line. The highest win amount is paid on each selected payline. Coinciding wins on different lines are all added to your total win. Scatter wins are multiplied by total bet and added to payline wins. All symbols pay left to right, except the scattered Pyramid symbol which pays anywhere in view. The Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols, except Scatter and only the highest win amount will be paid. The Wild symbol appears only in 2, 3 and 4 reels. The Gamble feature will be activated for all applicable wins. The Paytable will always show the win amount for the currently selected bet and number of lines. Gamble Feature: The Gamble feature will be enabled only if the game win is less than $140 or its equivalent amount in your currency. Players can choose between Card Gamble and Ladder Gamble. During auto spin, Card gamble and Ladder gamble are not offered for any win. Players can choose to exit the gamble feature at any time during the gamble game by tapping on the Collect button. The highest possible win in the Card and Ladder gamble is $140 or its equivalent amount in your currency as shown in the gamble screen. Ladder Gamble: Players can enter the Ladder gamble by clicking on Ladder button. Ladder gamble consists of three buttons: Collect, 1:1 and Partial Collect. Clicking on 1:1 button starts the gamble round. The highlighted value on the ladder indicates the current win and the flashing values indicate the next possible outcome. Flashing of the values on the ladder is based on player’s game win: If the game win value matches with any value on the ladder, then that value is highlighted on the ladder and the immediate higher and immediate lower values will flash. If the game win value doesn’t match with any value on the ladder, then no value is highlighted and only the immediate higher and the immediate lower values of the game win will flash. On continuing with gamble: If the current win value highlighted on the ladder is below mystery, then the immediate higher and EUR 0.00 values will flash. If the current win value highlighted on the ladder is EUR 4.00 (its equivalent amount in your currency as shown in the gamble screen), then the immediate higher and EUR 0.00 values will flash. If the current win value highlighted on the ladder is greater than EUR 4.00 (its equivalent amount in your currency as shown in the gamble screen), then the lowest value higher than the current win and the highest or the second highest value lower than the current win will flash. The selection between the two flashing values is not equally probable. However, the return from the gamble feature is 100%. By clicking "Partial Collect" button in Ladder gamble, the highlighted win amount is lowered by one-step and the saved stake will be shown in win ticker area and then the gamble continues with the remaining amount. At the end of the gamble the saved stake (which is shown in the win ticker area) and the gamble win (if any) will be added to the balance. The Partial Collect button is disabled in below 3 cases: If the game win value does not match the values on the ladder, when entering into Ladder gamble. If the highlighted value on the ladder is EUR 0.15 or its equivalent amount in your currency as shown in gamble screen. On winning Mystery. On winning MYSTERY: Collect, Partial Collect buttons are disabled. 10 seconds timer is disabled. All the values above the mystery will flash, except the highest two prizes. On clicking 1:1, one of the flashing value will be highlighted, indicating the current win and the gamble feature will continue. In all other cases, on clicking the Collect button, the highlighted value is credited to the balance. At any time during the gamble, players can choose to collect. Clicking on the Collect button, players will be credited with the highlighted value on the ladder and will be exited from Ladder gamble. Ladder gamble will end: If the player wins the highest possible value on the ladder or If player clicks on Collect or If player ends up with EUR 0.00 value in ladder. If player does not choose any of the ladder options within 10 seconds, the gamble round will be terminated and the win amount will be added to the player’s account balance. Card Gamble: Player can enter Card gamble by clicking on Card button. Card gamble consists of four buttons: Red, Blue, Collect and Partial Collect. A maximum of 6 cards are shown in previous gamble cards history. Any win under $140 or its equivalent amount in your currency can be gambled. When a player selects Blue or Red in Card gamble, it randomly displays Red or Blue card. (Selects each card regardless of history). If a player chooses correct colour, it doubles their gamble amount, otherwise gamble amount is lost. You can gamble up to four times in succession. The Partial Collect button will be available to players from first round onwards. The Partial Collect button will be disabled if the win is less than or equal to $0.10 or its equivalent value in your currency as shown in gamble screen. If Partial Collect is selected, 50% of the win is banked and the gamble resumes with the remaining 50% (half amount). At any stage during the gamble, the player can select Partial Collect. At any time during the gamble, the player can click on Collect button and the current collect value will be added to the player’s account balance. If player does not choose any of the card options within 10 seconds, gamble round will be terminated and the win amount will be added to the player’s account balance. Feature Game Rules: 3 or more Pyramid symbols appearing anywhere on the reels triggers the feature game. The player has to select one of the three Pyramids to reveal the number of free spins awarded. 10, 12 or 14 free spins are awarded randomly. Free spins are played at the same number of lines and bet per line of the triggering game. During free spins the Hathor symbols will be available in the tablet area. For every wild symbol that appears during the free spins the Hathor character will upgrade the symbols in the tablet section on top of the game screen with a beam. For example: If one wild symbol appears during the free spins the wild symbol expands to the whole reel and the first Hathor symbol(2nd symbol) is transformed to the symbol next to it in the tablet area and after that first Hathor symbol doesn't available in the game reel and also in tablet area. If two wild symbol appears during the free spins, the wild symbol will get expanded to the whole reel and the first two Hathor symbols are transformed to its next symbol (3rd symbol) to it in the tablet area and after that the first two Hathor symbols won’t be available in the game reel and also in tablet area. If three wild symbol appears during the free spins, the wild symbol will get expanded to the whole reel and the first three Hathor symbols are transformed to its next symbol (4th symbol) to it in the tablet area and after that the first three Hathor symbols won’t be available in the game reel and also in tablet area. After the six symbols are getting flashed, no more transformation of symbols will occur. It awards only free spins. 3 or more scatters retrigger the original number of free spins. Return to the player: The theoretical return to player of this game is 96.15 %. Game History: Gameplay history can be accessed by logging into your account on the desktop website and choosing menu “Game logs” inside any game. FAQ’s: 1. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You will be able to view the result from game logs by logging to the website. If you are disconnected in the middle of the feature round, you will be prompted to complete it after logging back in. After completing the feature round, you can continue game play, or you can select another game of your choice. 2. What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Go to the Cashier option and deposit 3. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. 4. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Service team. Last modification date: 12/27/2021