Empire Spins Game Objective: Empire Spins is a Roman themed game with the Majestic Celebration of the Emperor returning from battle. It is a 5x3 reel with 25 fixed pay lines slot game. Symbols pay from left to right when three or more identical symbols appear adjacent to one another on each pay line. The game has a unique EMPIRE RESPINS feature, which is triggered by landing a WILD CHARIOT symbol . During re-spin, the WILD CHARIOT moves one position to the left, the multiplier increases and is then applied to any landed symbol wins. How to play: Setting 'BETS': When players enter the game, a default bet is set. The player can change the bet value by clicking the + or - buttons on either side of the BET icon on desktop or mobile. On clicking the Bet icon, a selection window will pop out. The player can select the desired bet in between the minimum and maximum bets. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount wagered on the previous spin. Just click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. Spin: The SPIN button in the right middle starts the game on desktop. The SPIN button is at the bottom of the game screen in portrait mode and at the right side of the game screen in landscape mode on mobile. Paytable: The paytable can be viewed by tapping on the hamburger menu and selecting the paytable option. You can go back to the game by clicking on the close icon. Volume: The volume icon will play the game's music. Click on the volume icon to mute the volume. Credits: After placing the desired bet, the remaining game balance is shown under ‘BALANCE’. The player's current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the ‘BALANCE’ meter and the 'BET' meter. Game balance is shown at the bottom of the game screen. 'AUTOPLAY': Select the AUTOPLAY for hands-free play. To make use of the AUTOPLAY feature, click on the AUTOPLAY button in the bottom right of the game screen beside the volume button. When the AUTOPLAY pop-up opens, select the number of spins from the pop-up. Click on the spin-stop button to stop the AUTOPLAY feature. Number of spins in AUTOPLAY: The game will spin for the number of rotations selected from the pop-up menu. You can choose a maximum of 1000 spins and play until your balance is greater than the total bet placed. In demo-money mode, the ‘AUTOPLAY’ option will be disabled. Mobile Options: Tap the hamburger menu icon to view the paytable and game rules. Tap the ‘i’ icon to view game rules. Tap the Paytable option to view the Paytable screen. Tap the close icon to go back to the game. GAME RULES Empire Spins is a Roman themed game with the Majestic Celebration of Emperor returning from Battle. Empire Spins is played on 5x3 reels with 25 paylines. BET amount can be changed by using the - and + buttons. Click on PLAY button to begin the game with the currently selected BET. All symbols pays from left to right in consecutive reels on a payline, starting with the left most reel. Trigger EMPIRE RE-SPINS by landing a WILD CHARIOT symbol fully stacked (full 3x reel symbol height) on reel 2,3 or 4 in base game. Progressive Medal Jackpot Feature is triggered randomly – this can even be triggered on a no win spin. Both WILD and WILD CHARIOT symbols appear only on reels 2,3 and 4 in the base game. WILD symbol does not appear on reels 1 & 5 in Re-spins. WILD Chariot symbol does not appear on reel 5 in Re-spins. Both WILD and WILD CHARIOT symbols substitute for all other symbols during base game and EMPIRE RE-SPINS, with the exception that stacked WILD does not trigger RE-SPIN. Paytable will always show the win amount for the currently selected bet on 25 fixed paylines. All payouts are made according to the paytable. Coinciding wins on different paylines are added to the balance. Only the highest win on each payline will be paid. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The theoretical return to player of this game without Feature Enhancer excluding Jackpot is 87.468% . The theoretical return to player of this game without Feature Enhancer including Jackpot is 92.668%. Logging into your account on the desktop website and selecting the option 'History' inside any game will allow you to access your game play history. The theoretical return to player of this game with Feature Enhancer excluding Jackpot 87.539%. The theoretical return to player of this game with Feature Enhancer including Jackpot 92.739%. All pays are shown in USD currency. EMPIRE RE-SPINS FEATURE The Emperor lifts his arms as if to signal his horses. Re-spins are played at the lines and the bet of the triggering spin. During Re-spins, only the highest winning combination made with at least one non-wild symbol is awarded on each payline. The reels Re-spin and the WILD CHARIOT symbol moves one position to the left, the multiplier increases and is then applied to any landed symbol wins. EMPIRE RE-SPINS will continue until the WILD CHARIOT symbol has moved off the reels. The multiplier increases with each Re-spin. The first multiplier always starts at x1. Available multipliers x1, x2, x3 and x5. If 2 or more fully stacked WILD CHARIOT symbols appear on the same reel spin, the highest WILD CHARIOT symbol position is considered. The maximum Re-spins awarded to the player will be 4. PROGRESSIVE MEDAL JACKPOT FEATURE The Progressive Medal Jackpot Feature can be randomly triggered in any spin including no win games. The size of the stake/bet increases the chances of triggering the Progressive Medal Jackpot Feature. Activating the Progressive Medal Jackpot Feature guarantees that player will win one of the four Progressive Jackpots. Played on a 5 x 4 grid. The grid contains twenty golden medals which includes Minor, Major, Mega, Grand. Player can click or tap the medals to reveal a Jackpot Icon. Match three symbols to win the corresponding Jackpot. Progressive Medal Jackpot have two pools for each Jackpot tier, current instance pool and reserve pool. Each jackpot starts with initial seed amount. Initial Jackpot seed is funded by The House, and the subsequent instances are funded from reserve pool, the amount accumulated in reserve pool becomes the next seed. Multiple players cannot trigger the current jackpot amount at the same time. During game play a % of the total bet (mentioned below) is contributed towards both the pools. Jackpot Name Initial Seed (USD) Instance Contribution % Reserve Contribution % Grand jackpot $50,000.00 0.02% 1.00% Mega jackpot $5,000.00 0.10% 0.50% Major jackpot $500.00 0.08% 0.50% Minor jackpot $50.00 0.50% 2.50% In case of network disconnection or game close during the Progressive Medal Jackpot Feature, Jackpot win will be credited to players account balance automatically. Any bet is eligible for the Progressive Medal Jackpot Feature. Only real money play will contribute to the Progressive Medal Jackpot Feature amount. Progressive Medal Jackpot Feature contributions and triggering will not be applicable for games played on 'play for fun/demo’ mode. Progressive Medal Jackpot Feature contribution/RTP is 5.20%. The maximum jackpot amount player can get from each of the above jackpot is 250,000 USD. FEATURE ENHANCER On activating Feature Enhancer, WILD and WILD CHARIOT symbols are increased in base game and increases the chance of triggering EMPIRE RE-SPINS Feature. Feature Enhancer increases player bet by 1.5x. Browser Button Panel Commands: Click on Rules to view the detailed rules of the game as a web page. Click on History to view the logs of the games the player has played. Click on Real Money/Demo to switch between real-money or demo-money mode. Click on the Deposit button to deposit money into the player's account. The History functionality is applicable only for real-money game play. Return to the player: The theoretical return to the player of this game without Feature Enhancer excluding the jackpot, is 87.468%. The theoretical return to the player of this game without Feature Enhancer including the jackpot, is 92.668%. The theoretical return to the player of this game with Feature Enhancer excluding the jackpot, is 87.539%. The theoretical return to the player of this game with Feature Enhancer including the jackpot, is 92.739%. FAQ’s: What do I do if the balance is low to place a bet? If your game balance drops below the minimum bet, a message about insufficient money will be automatically presented. To add funds to your account, click on the “DEPOSIT” button in the bottom right of the screen, then select the desired deposit option. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you are disconnected in the middle of the base game or jackpot game, the software will automatically complete the game for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the “History” button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected after triggering or in the middle of the bonus or feature, on reconnection, the software will automatically start the disconnected bonus or feature, if not already started, or resume from where it was disconnected. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 customer service team. Last modification date: 7/15/2024