Eye of Hathor Game Objective: Eye of Hathor is a five reel 10 variable paylines slot game with free spins and gamble features. When 3 or more scatter (Pyramid) symbols appear anywhere in reel view, the feature screen is displayed where the player has to choose one among the three Pyramids. 10, 12 or 14 free spins will be randomly awarded. Free spins can be re-triggered. Player has a chance to increase their winnings through the Gamble feature. Paytable Paylines Game Information: Game is played with 10 variable paylines. SPIN can be triggered by clicking on the spin button with the current selected BET and LINES. The ticker messages will appear below the reel set of the game screen. Bet per Line can be changed by using the and buttons. Payouts are displayed on the PAYTABLE. Whenever there is a win, the BALANCE will update, and the amount won in the spin is shown in the WIN meter at the bottom of the game. The game and game rules are identical in both the real-money and play-money modes, except that auto spin option will not be available in play-money mode. How to play: Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet per payline is set for all 10 lines on the slot machine. You can increase the bet per line by clicking the button to the right of 'Bet per line', or you can decrease the bet by clicking the button to the left. Bet and lines will not get adjusted to the next possible bet, if your balance drops below total bet placed, then click on button shown at the bottom of the game screen. LINES: 10 lines are selected by default. You can decrease the number of lines by clicking the button to the left of 'LINES', or select more lines by clicking the button to the right. The number of lines are multiplied by the 'bet per line'. The total bet amount is displayed beside the 'BET' label, which can be found at the bottom of the game screen. Paytable: The Paytable can be viewed either by clicking the button located in bottom of the game or by clicking button located at the bottom of the screen beside the Lines text. Paytable shows the payouts for currently selected bet and lines. You can go back to the game by clicking on close button on the Paytable screen. MAX BET: Click on MAX BET to select the maximum possible bet. If your balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled. Spin: Click on SPIN button to start spinning the reels. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines and any scatter wins will be paid according to the Paytable. Result: Wins are indicated by colorized paylines animated symbols, and in case of a scatter win, by animated symbols, with the total win amount being shown at the bottom of the screen beside 'WIN'. Volume: icon will play the game music. Click on icon will mute the volume . CREDITS: Your remaining game balance, after you have placed the desired bet, is shown in ‘BALANCE’ meter i.e. the current game balance minus the total bet placed. AUTO SPIN: You can use this feature to choose all or any of the various options for 'hands free' game play. The available options under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will spin for the number of rotations selected from the slider menu. You can choose up to 1000 spins and play until your balance is less than the total bet placed. If win equals or exceeds: The game will spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount entered in the numeric text box. If loss not exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the loss limit is reached. Loss will be calculated with (Loss = Total bets - Total wins) Total bets=accumulated total bets Total wins=accumulated total wins (((Total bets - Total wins) + current game bet) If feature trigger: The game will spin until the next feature is triggered. To make use of the Auto spin feature, click on the 'AUTO SPIN' button in the bottom right of the game screen. When the Auto spin window opens, Click on ‘More’ to show the extra options. Check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Click on the text box and enter the limit amount you want to play with. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Similarly, click on ‘X’ button to skip the AUTO SPIN' feature and return to the game screen. When playing with multiple options and conditions selected, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be disabled. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again or opt for new option(s) and proceed with the game. 'AUTO SPIN' option is not available in the play-money mode. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount you wagered on the previous spin. Just click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. ­To change your bet, increase or decrease the Bet shown on the game screen. Credits: After you have placed the desired bet, your remaining game balance is shown under ‘BALANCE’. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the ‘BALANCE’ meter and the 'BET' meter. Your game balance is shown at the bottom of the game screen. Game Settings: Volume: Player can set the volume of the sound effects and ambience by sliding through the Volume button. Sound effects: Toggle between On / Off to enable or disable the game win animation sounds. Ambience sound: Toggle between On / Off to enable or disable the game background sound. Quick spin: By checking this option, game play is faster than the regular spin. Spacebar to spin: By checking this option, Spacebar key can be used to trigger a spin. This option stays disabled, if intro video is not available for a game. If gamble is enabled, Spacebar to spin will auto collect the win amount. Game Rules: Player can play the game with 10 variable paylines. Payouts are made according to the paytable. SPIN begins the game with the currently selected BET and LINES. Payline wins are multiplied by the amount bet per line. Highest win amount is paid on each selected payline. Coinciding wins on different lines are all added to your total win. Scatter wins are multiplied by total bet and added to payline wins. All symbols pay Left to Right, except scattered Pyramid symbol which pays anywhere in view. Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except scatter and only highest win amount will be paid. Wild symbol appears only in 2, 3 and 4 reels. Gamble feature will be activated for all applicable wins. Paytable will always show the win amount for the currently selected bet and number of lines. Gamble Feature: Gamble feature will be enabled only if the game win is less than $140 or its equivalent amount in your currency. Player can choose between Card Gamble and Ladder Gamble. During Auto spin, Card gamble and Ladder gamble are not offered for any win. Player can choose to exit the gamble feature at any time during the gamble game by clicking on the Collect button. The highest possible win in Card and Ladder gamble is $140 or its equivalent amount in your currency as shown in the gamble screen. Ladder Gamble: Player can enter Ladder Gamble by clicking on Ladder button. Ladder Gamble consists of three buttons: Collect, 1:1 and Partial Collect. Clicking on 1:1 button starts the gamble round. The highlighted value on the ladder indicates the current win and the flashing values indicate the next possible outcome. Flashing of the values on the ladder is based on player’s game win: If the game win value matches with any value on the ladder, then that value is highlighted on the ladder; and the immediate higher and immediate lower values will flash. If the game win value doesn’t match with any value on the ladder, then no value is highlighted; and only the immediate higher and the immediate lower values of the game win will flash. On continuing with gamble: If the current win value highlighted on the ladder is below mystery, then the immediate higher and $0.00 values will flash. If the current win value highlighted on the ladder is $4.00 (its equivalent amount in your currency as shown in the gamble screen), then the immediate higher and $0.00 values will flash. If the current win value highlighted on the ladder is greater than $4.00 (its equivalent amount in your currency as shown in the gamble screen), then the lowest value higher than the current win and the highest or the second highest value lower than the current win will flash. The selection between the two flashing values is not equally probable. However, the return from the gamble feature is 100%. By clicking "Partial Collect" button in ladder gamble, the highlighted win amount is lowered by one-step and the saved stake will be shown in win ticker area and then the gamble continues with the remaining amount. At the end of the gamble the Saved stake (which is shown in the win ticker area) and the gamble win (if any) will be added to the balance. Partial Collect button is disabled in below 3 cases: If the game win value does not match the values on the ladder, when entering into Ladder Gamble. If the highlighted value on the ladder is $0.15 or its equivalent amount in your currency as shown in gamble screen. On winning Mystery. On winning MYSTERY: Collect, Partial collect buttons are disabled. 10 seconds timer is disabled. All the values above the mystery will flash, except the highest two prizes. On clicking 1:1, one of the flashing value will be highlighted, indicating the current win and the gamble feature will continue. In all other cases, on clicking Collect button, the highlighted value is credited to the balance. At any time during the Gamble, player can choose to collect. Clicking on Collect button, player will be credited with the highlighted value on the ladder and will be exited from Ladder Gamble. Ladder Gamble will end: If the player wins the highest possible value on the ladder or If player clicks on Collect or If player ends up with $0.00 value in ladder. If player does not choose any of the ladder options within 10 seconds, gamble round will be terminated and the win amount will be added to the player’s account balance. Card Gamble: Player can enter Card Gamble by clicking on Card button. Card Gamble consists of four buttons: Red, Blue, Collect and Partial Collect. Maximum of 6 cards are shown in previous gamble cards history. Any win under $140 or its equivalent amount in your currency can be gambled. When player selects Blue or Red in Card Gamble, it randomly displays Red or Blue card. (Selects each card regardless of history). If player chooses correct color, it doubles their gamble amount, otherwise gamble amount is lost. You can gamble up to four times in succession. Partial Collect button will be available to players from first round onwards. Partial Collect button will be disabled, if win is less than or equal to $0.10 or its equivalent value in your currency as shown in gamble screen. If Partial Collect is selected, 50% of the win is banked and the gamble resumes with the remaining 50% (half amount). At any stage during the gamble, the player can select Partial Collect. At any time during the Gamble, the player can click on Collect button and the current collect value will be added to the player’s account balance. If player does not choose any of the card options within 10 seconds, gamble round will be terminated and the win amount will be added to the player’s account balance. Feature Game Rules: 3 or more Pyramid symbols appearing anywhere on the reels triggers the feature game. The player has to select one of the three pyramids to reveal the number of free spins awarded. 10, 12 or 14 free spins are awarded randomly. Free spins are played at the same number of lines and bet per line of the triggering game. During free spins the hathor symbols will be available in the tablet area. For every wild symbol that appears during the free spins the hathor character will upgrade the symbols in the tablet section on top of the game screen with a beam. For example: If one wild symbol appears during the free spins the wild symbol expands to the whole reel and the first hathor symbol(2nd symbol) is transformed to the symbol next to it in the tablet area and after that first hathor symbol doesn't available in the game reel and also in tablet area. If two wild symbol appears during the free spins, the wild symbol will get expanded to the whole reel and the first two hathor symbols are transformed to its next symbol (3rd symbol) to it in the tablet area and after that the first two hathor symbols won’t be available in the game reel and also in tablet area. If three wild symbol appears during the free spins, the wild symbol will get expanded to the whole reel and the first three hathor symbols are transformed to its next symbol (4th symbol) to it in the tablet area and after that the first three hathor symbols won’t be available in the game reel and also in tablet area. After the six symbols are getting flashed, no more transformation of symbols will occur. It awards only free spins. 3 or more scatters re trigger the original number of free spins. Browser Panel Commands: Click on Rules to view the current version number & game rules of the game. Click on History to view the logs of the games you've played.. Click on Deposit button to add funds to your account. Click on Real Money/Demo to switch between real-money or play-money game modes. The History functionality is applicable only for the real-money game play. Return to the player: The theoretical return to the player of this game is 96.15%. FAQ’s: 1. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game logs' button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected in the middle of the feature round, you will be prompted to complete it after logging back in. After completing the feature round, you can continue game play, or you can select another game of your choice. 2. What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Click on ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit. 3. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. 4. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team. Last modification date: 5/21/2020