European Roulette Classic Game Objective: The objective of the game is to accurately guess the outcome of the roulette spin (whether the right number or the right group). Roulette is played using a wheel with 37 numbered slots (1-36, plus a 0), a ball and a layout upon which the player may place bets covering a single number or groups of numbers. After the player places the desired bets, the ball is spun around the wheel and will come to rest in one of the numbered slots, indicating the winning number/ group. How to play: Select the amount you want to wager by tapping on the chip of that denomination. The selected chip will be raised. All possible bet types are defined in Paytable section. You may place as many bets as you like, depending on the type of bets or the maximum table limit. To remove a chip from the table, tap on UNDO or CLEAR BET buttons. Information on your available game balance and total amount bet is shown. Once you have finished placing your bets, spin the wheel by tapping on the ‘ SPIN’ button. When the ball comes to rest, the winning number is highlighted on the wheel. When you hit the SPIN button, the ball will spin on the wheel. The win amount is calculated as per the Paytable given below, and your winnings are shown in a Win meter which comes up when there is a win. This win amount is added to the game balance. After the ball stops the number will be displayed over the spinning wheel. The last 9 winning numbers are shown in the top part of the screen, with the most recent outcomes to the left. After the game finishes, the default chip size for the new game remains the same as your previous bet. If you want to place a new bet, tap on the desired betting spots and place the bets. To repeat the same bet, tap the REPEAT BET button. To repeat the same bet and spin the wheel, tap the REBET&SPIN button . Neighbors : There is the ability to place continuous 3/5/7/9/11 numbers/VOISINS DU ZERO/ORPHELINS/ TIER bets by pressing on ‘NEIGHBORS’ tab on the right side of the screen. Tap on the i button on the top right of the game screen to view the game rules. To switch on or off sound in the game, tap on Sound button that is located at the right top corner of the screen. Turbo-mode: There is the ability to turn off/on animation in the game by selecting INSTANT button which is located above neighbors toggle button. When Player wins, he gets back his bet plus the payout amount. Coinciding wins resulting from different bet types are also paid. Bet Limits: There is a maximum bet limit for each type of bet, as well as an overall table maximum limit. Table Maximum limit - The total amount of bets placed before each spin must be less-than or equal-to the Maximum bet requirements posted on the table. Maximum bet limit for each type of bet is described in table below: Bet Opportunity Maximum Bet Straight 250 CAD Split 500 CAD Street 750 CAD Corner 1000 CAD line 1500 CAD Column/dozen 3000 CAD Even chances 4500 CAD Neighbors Table: The Neighbors Table view can be accessed by clicking NEIGHBORS table button which is present below the INSTANT button shown on the left side of the game view. The Neighbors Table allows you to make several types of bets that are unavailable on the Betting Table. These special bets are: TIER ORPHELINS VOISINS DU ZERO There are 5 numbered NEIGHBORS buttons that can be selected and then click on a number on the table to bet on that number and the numbers neighboring it to the left and the right. Examples: 1. Clicking the NEIGHBORS button labelled 1 and then clicking on the number 2 on the table will place bets on the number 2 and the numbers to the immediate left and right of 2 (25 on the left and 21 on the right). 2. Clicking the NEIGHBORS button labelled 4 and then clicking on the number 2 on the table will place bets on the number 2 and 4 numbers that are to the immediate left and 4 numbers that are to the immediate right of 2 (25, 17, 34, 6 on the left and 21, 4, 19, 15 on the right). The same procedure will be repeated for 3, 4 and 5 neighbors bet. Clicking on TIER, ORPHELINS and VOISINS DU ZERO will place special bets, as detailed in the Paytable section below. Once you have placed your bet, click SPIN to start the game. The Roulette Wheel: Clicking SPIN after making a bet will spin the ball in the Roulette wheel. The wheel is spun in one direction and a ball is spun on the wheel in the opposite direction. The ball will land in one of the slots. If the ball lands in a slot you bet on, you will win a payout according to your bet. This win amount is added to the game balance. The slot the ball landed in will be shown below the roulette wheel. Bet Types and Paytable: When Player wins, he gets back his bet plus the payout amount. Coinciding wins resulting from different bet types are also paid. Bet Type Covers Description Pay out Straight 1 number A bet placed directly on any single number (including 0). 35:1 Split 2 numbers A bet between any two adjacent numbers by placing the chip on the line between them. 17:1 Street 3 numbers A bet placed at the end of any row of numbers, covering three numbers. Basket Bets placed on ‘0, 1, 2’, ‘0, 2, 3’ are also considered to be street bets. 11:1 Corner bet or Square bet or Quarter bet 4 numbers A bet placed on the corner where any four numbers meet covers all four numbers. 8:1 Topline 4 numbers A bet placed between the adjacent streets of "zero" and "1". This bet covers four numbers: 0,1, 2, and 3. 8:1 Line 6 numbers A bet placed at the end of two streets, on the line between them. A line bet covers all six numbers in the streets. (e.g. 1, 2, 3 + 4, 5, 6). 5:1 Dozen 12 numbers A bet placed in one of the boxes marked ‘1st 12’, ‘2nd 12’ or ‘3rd 12’, which each cover 12 numbers. 2:1 Column 12 numbers A bet placed in one of the boxes marked ‘2 to 1’ at the bottom of the layout, each covering 12 numbers per column. 2:1 Red Black Even Odd 1 to 18 19 to 36 18 numbers A bet placed in one of the six boxes at the bottom of the layout covers half of the numbers on the board, as described in that box. The 0 is not covered by any of these boxes. Each box covers 18 numbers. 1:1 Red/black, even/odd, 1-18/19-36, and the ball falls in the 0 slot. 18 numbers A bet placed in one of the six boxes at the sides of the layout covers half of the numbers on the board, as described in that box. The 0 is not covered by any of these boxes. Each box covers 18 numbers. No Payout Bet Type Description Payout TIER This bet type places split bets on 5/8, 10/11, 13/16, 23/24, 27/30 and 33/36. 17:1 ORPHELINS Split bets placed on 31/34, 17/20, 14/17, 6/9 and a straight bet placed on number 1 together constitute the Orphelins bet. 17:1 for Split, 35:1 for Straight VOISINS DU ZERO This bet type places split bets on 32/35, 19/22, 18/21, 12/15, 4/7, 2 chips on a street bet 0, 2 and 3, and 2 chips on corner bet 25/26/28/29. 17:1 for Split, 11:1 for Street, 8:1 for Corner NEIGHBOR BET There is an option to select 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 numbers as neighbors. When a bet is placed on a number, the number and 1/2/3/4/5 numbers on either side are selected. These numbers together constitute the neighbor bet. 35:1 Game Information: The game and game rules are identical in both the real-money and play-money modes. Game Options: Help: Tap on “ I ” button to view the artwork game rules of the game. Sound: To switch on or off game sounds. Browser Panel Commands: Click on Rules to view game rules of the game. Click on History to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on Deposit button to add funds to your account. Click on Real Money/Demo to switch between real-money or play-money game modes. The History functionality is applicable only for the real-money game play. Statistics window: Game Statistics are device specific. Game Statistics enable you to view your previous results The statistics window displays the last 5 results. The statistics window indicates yellow results with numbers in yellow square, black results with numbers in black square and result of 0 in green square. Return to the player: The theoretical return to player of this game is at least 97.30%. Game History: Detailed gameplay history can be accessed by logging into your account on the desktop or mobile website and choosing menu “History”. FAQ’s: 1. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'History' button once you have logged back in. 2. What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Click on ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit. 3. Malfunctions voids all pays and plays. 4. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team. Last updated on 12/08/2020