Fjord Of Riches Game Objective: Fjord Of Riches is a 5-reel, 20 payline jackpot slot game with 3 feature games along with a Gamble feature. There are 3 different scatter(Wench, Boat, Sheild) symbols. When 3 or more wench symbols appear anywhere in reel view, then the Wench of wealth feature screen is displayed, after choosing any one of the wench symbol among the appeared wenches reveals the multiplier value. When 3 or more Boat symbols appear anywhere in reel view, then the FJORD of riches feature screen is displayed. Press spin button to rotate the wheel and determine the number of steps taken along the journey. When 3 shield appear anywhere in the reel view in 2, 3, 4 reels, then Win Berserker feature screen is displayed. Here boxes will rotate around the Viking and stops when Viking breaks any one of the box to reveal the multiplier value. Player have a chance to win the FJORD of riches feature through the Gamble feature. Paytable: Paylines: Game Information: The game is played with 20 variable paylines. SPIN can be triggered by clicking on the spin button with the currently selected BET and LINES. Bet per Line can be changed by using the and buttons. Payouts are displayed in the PAYTABLE. Whenever there is a win, the total BALANCE will update and the amount won in the spin will be shown in the WIN metre. The game and game rules are identical in both the real-money and demo modes, except that the auto spin option will not be available in demo mode. How to play: You can increase the bet/line by clicking the button to the right of 'BET/LINE', or you can decrease the bet/line by clicking the button to the left. Bet will not get adjusted to the next possible bet, if your balance drops below total bet placed, then click on button shown at the bottom of the game screen.. LINES: 20 lines are selected by default. You can decrease the number of lines by clicking on the button to the left of 'LINES' or you can select more lines by clicking the button to the right. MAX BET: To play with MAX BET, click on . If your balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled The number of lines are multiplied by the 'bet per line'. The total bet amount is displayed beside the 'BET' label, which can be found at the bottom of the game screen. Paytable: The Paytable can be viewed by clicking the button located in bottom of game screen above the control panel. The prizes displayed in the Paytable are per unit bet, and are shown as multipliers. To get the effective payout per line, multiply the respective prize with the bet per line. The paytable shows the payouts for currently the selected bet and lines. You can go back to the game by clicking on close button on the paytable screen. Spin: Click on the SPIN button to start spinning the reels. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines will be paid according to the paytable. Result: Wins are indicated by colourised payline animated symbols, and in the case of a scatter win, by animated symbols, with the total win amount being shown at the bottom of the screen beside 'WIN'. Volume: The icon will play the game music. Click on the icon will mute the volume . CREDITS: After you have placed the desired bet, your remaining game balance is shown in ‘BALANCE’ metre i.e. the current game balance minus the total bet placed. AUTOSPIN: You can use this feature to choose all or any of the various options for 'hands free' game play. The available options under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will spin for the number of rotations selected from the slider menu. You can choose up to 1000 spins and play until your balance is less than the total bet placed. If win equals or exceeds: The game will spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount entered in the numeric text box. If feature trigger: The game will spin until the next feature is triggered The auto spin game is terminated whenever The Big One Jackpot is triggered between auto spins. To make use of the auto spin feature, click on the 'AUTOSPIN' button at the bottom left of the game screen. When the auto spin window opens, click on ‘More’ to show the extra options. Check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Click on the text box and enter the limit amount you want to play with. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Similarly, click on the button to stop the AUTOSPIN' feature and return to the game screen. When playing with multiple options and conditions selected, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others and the remaining selected conditions will be disabled. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again or opt for new option(s) and proceed with the game. 'AUTOSPIN' option is not available in the demo mode. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount you wagered on the previous spin. Just click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. ­To change your bet, increase or decrease the Bet shown on the game screen. Credits: After you have placed the desired bet, your remaining game balance is shown under ‘BALANCE’. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the ‘BALANCE’ metre and the 'BET' metre. Your game balance is shown at the bottom of the game screen. Game Settings: To make use of Game Settings, click on the Game Settings button at the bottom of the game screen in between Paytable and Sound icons. Volume: Player can set the volume of the sound effects by sliding through the Volume button. Sound effects: Toggle between on / off to enable or disable the game win animation sounds. Ambient sound: Toggle between on / off to enable or disable the game background sound. Quick Spin: By checking this option, game play is faster than the regular spin. Spacebar to spin: By checking this option, Spacebar key can be used to trigger a spin. If gamble is enabled, Spacebar to spin will auto collect the win amount. Gamble Feature: This check box is used to enable or disable the Gamble Feature. GAME RULES: Player can play the game with 20 variable paylines. Payouts are made according to the paytable. SPIN begins the game with the currently selected BET and LINES. Payline wins are multiplied by the amount bet per line. Highest win amount is paid on each selected payline. Coinciding wins on different paylines are all added to your total win amount. Wild (gold coin) symbol substitutes for all symbols except for Wench, Sheild and Boat symbols. All symbols pay from left to right starting with left most reel except scatters. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. GAMBLE FOR FEATURE: Gamble feature will trigger when the line win amount is greater than or equal to 5 times of the total bet amount and less than or equal to 217.375 times of the bet amount. A circle with two segments will be shown, the segments area will be based on the line win amount. Player can choose either gamble or collect: If Player chooses gamble option: If sword stops in “Fjord” area, then the “Fjord of Riches” feature will be triggered, and the win amount which player won in the feature round will be added to the player balance directly. If sword stops in “red color” area, then player will lose the gamble amount. If player chooses collect option: Win amount will be added directly to player balance. If any feature triggers along with line win, then gamble will not be enabled. Multiplier awarded in Fjord of Riches will be multiplied by total bet instead of line wins. During Auto Spins, Gamble feature will not be available. WENCH OF WEALTH FEATURE: Wench of Wealth will trigger when 3 or more Wench symbols appear anywhere on the reel. Player needs to select any one of the Wench symbols to know the multiplier awarded. Total bet amount will be multiplied with the multiplier awarded and win amount will be added to player balance. Player can win any of the multiplier ranges from 2 to 500 in this feature round. Win BERSERK FEATURE: Win Berserk Feature will trigger when 3 Shield symbols appear anywhere on the reels 2, 3 and 4. Player will see 12 boxes along with spin button and on clicking spin button boxes will rotate and Viking will break one of the boxes to reveal the multiplier. The multiplier awarded will be multiplied by total bet and win amount will be added to player balance. Player can win any of the multiplier ranges from 50 to 500 in this feature round. FJORD OF RICHES FEATURE: FJORD of Riches feature will trigger when 3 or more Boat symbols appear anywhere on the reel view. Player will be redirected to feature screen to play Fjord Of Riches feature. Player will see a wheel with spin button surrounded with 6 sail and 2 collect options. On Start of the game, Pointer in Steering wheel will be on Collect, player needs to click on spin button to start the feature. On clicking spin button, wheel will rotate, and stops on either sail or collect options. If the wheel stops on sail option, the boat sails and a multiplier will be awarded randomly. The player has to click on Spin button until the wheel stops on “Collect” option. The player will be awarded with latest Multiplier that he has won before getting the “Collect” option. Player can win any of the multiplier ranges from 8 to 1000 in this feature round. Jackpot game: The Big One jackpot can be triggered anytime, either during normal spin, auto spin or after the Gamble feature. If the jackpot is triggered when the Gamble feature is also triggered, the jackpot is played after the completion of Gamble feature. The main screen then changes to the jackpot screen after players have won jackpot game in which all the jackpots and their values are listed on the left side area and a wheel is displayed in the right side area. There are 5 different jackpots, each of which has a unique colour. All five colours are shown on the wheel: The orange colour represents the Blitz Cash jackpot. The red colour represents the Quick Cash jackpot. The blue colour represents the Super Cash jackpot. The green colour represents the Mega Cash jackpot. The lavender colour represents the Colossal Cash jackpot. The SPIN button is shown on the middle of the control panel. By clicking on the SPIN button, the wheel rotates and stops on a particular colour and the respective jackpot is awarded. When a particular jackpot is cracked, a pop-up is shown on the jackpot screen which displays the type of jackpot and the amount awarded. By clicking on 'OK' in the pop-up, it navigates to main game screen. If multiple jackpots are cracked at the same time, by clicking on 'OK' in the pop-up, the 'SPIN' button on the jackpot screen is enabled to continue further game play. You can see the current values of all five jackpots in the top area of the main game screen. The more you wager, the higher your chances of cracking the jackpot will be. The cash will be credited to your account immediately. Each jackpot is reset to its individual base value after any player cracks that particular jackpot. The reset value of all the five jackpots is given below: The Big One Colossal Cash Jackpot: $125,000 The Big One Mega Cash Jackpot: $10000 The Big One Super Cash Jackpot: $750 The Big One Quick Cash Jackpot: $200 The Big One Blitz Cash Jackpot: $40 Only wagers of $1.35 or more can win a jackpot on TheBigOne. Browser Panel Commands: Main Game Menu Options Click on Rules to view game rules of the game. Click on History to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on the Deposit button to add funds to your account. Click on Real Money/Demo to switch between real-money or demo game modes. The History functionality is applicable only for the real-money game play. Return to the player: The theoretical return to player of this game is 94.08%. Jackpot Contribution/RTP is 3.004% FAQ’s: 1. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, game will resume from the point of disconnection otherwise You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'History' button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected in the middle of the feature, you will be prompted to complete it after logging back in. After completing the feature, you can continue game play, or you can select another game of your choice. 2. What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Click on ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit. 3. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. 4. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Service team.