FullMoonFever GAME RULES Objective: Full Moon Fever is a five-reel, 25- payline game with Free Spins feature. The Winfalls free spin feature is triggered when 3 or more scattered Haunted House symbols appear anywhere in view. Before entering the Winfalls feature round Pet selection screen is displayed where the player is required to choose a pet. This could be a dog, a cat, a bunny rabbit or a gold fish. This pet acts as Extra wild during Winfalls feature. Remember, when you hear the floorboard creak, whatever is behind you could have full moon fever. Information: The game rules are identical in both real money and play money modes. The theoretical return to player of this game is 95.27%. How to play: When you enter the game, a default total bet is set. BET : You can change the bet per line by clicking the ◄ or ►buttons between BET PER LINE field. SPIN : Click on Spin to start spinning the reels. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations will be paid according to the paytable. Click on MAX BET to select the maximum possible bet and lines. “ AUTO SPIN ”: You can make use of this feature to choose amongst the various options for 'hands free' game play. Options available under this feature are: Number of spins: the game will automatically spin for the number of spins selected from the drop-down menu. You can choose any number of games and play until your balance is less than the total bet placed. Spin till Win equals or exceeds: the game will automatically spin until the win amount is equals or exceeds the amount entered. Spin till Loss not exceeds: the game will automatically spin until the loss amount does not exceed the amount entered. Spin till feature trigger: the game will automatically spin until the feature is triggered. Click the STOP button to deactivate AUTOSPIN and the normal game is restored. Click the X button to close the AUTOSPIN dialog window. Please note: the AUTOSPIN option is not available in play-money mode. All winning symbols will be animated in addition to background animations. The total win amount is shown in the WIN window at the bottom right of the screen. Your remaining game balance is shown near the BALANCE meter at the bottom of the screen. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. Browser Button Panel Commands Click on Game Rules to view the detailed rules of the game as web page. Click on Game Logs to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on Exit Game to leave the game and return to the lobby. Click on Responsible Gaming to open Responsible Gaming page. Click on Real\Play to switch to real- or play-money mode. Click on Star to add or remove game from your favourites. Click on Deposit button to deposit money into your account. Rules: Click on the ? button at the bottom of the screen to navigate to Game Rules. Use scroll to navigate through all game help information. Bonus rules: WINFALLS FREE SPINS feature: When 3 or more Haunted House symbols appear anywhere in view a special free spins feature round called ‘Winfalls’ round gets triggered. CHOOSE A PET TO FEED screen appears before entering into the Winfalls round. Player needs to choose a pet from the given 4 pets on the screen. The chosen pet becomes an ‘Extra Wild’ during Winfalls round. Upon choosing a pet, it transforms into an alter-ego state. Eg: Dog transforms into wolf. After choosing a pet user gets free spins. In this round, all the symbols will be displayed in their alter-ego state. For each free spin, when the free spin begins multiplier is not set. If there is any win in the free spin, the multiplier is set to x1 and all winning combinations are paid and multiplied by this multiplier (x1). All symbols involved in the respective winning combinations will disappear; allowing all symbols above them to descend into the vacant spaces and at the same time allowing new random symbols to drop from the top of the game screen, potentially creating more wins for same free spin. If more wins are created from the descending symbols and the new symbols that drop from the top, the multiplier is increased to x2, all winning combinations are paid and multiplied by this multiplier (x2). All symbols involved in the respective winning combinations will disappear; allowing all symbols above them to descend into the vacant spaces and at the same time allowing new random symbols to drop from the top of the game screen, potentially creating more wins for same free spin with increasing multiplier until 5. This process repeats itself until there are no wins and then the next free spin begins. The available multipliers are X1,X2,X3,X4 and X5 All wins during free spins are multiplied by the free spins multiplier awarded. The chosen pet becomes an ‘Extra Wild’ during free spins. The numbers of free spins awarded are random. User can win 8, 9, 10, 12, 14, 15, 17, 18, 20, 22, 25, 30, 50 free spins. The Free Spins feature cannot be retriggered during free spins. Once all the free spins are completed, normal game is restored. Free spins are played at the same number of lines and bet per line of the triggering game. Free spin wins are added to payline and scatter wins. WINFALLS FEATURE PAYTABLE: The PAYTABLE can be viewed by clicking on the “i” button. Game rules: Play 25 lines. Lines cannot be changed. SPIN begins the game with the currently selected BET and all 25LINES. Payouts are displayed on the PAYTABLE. Payline wins are multiplied by the amount bet per line. Highest win amount is paid on each selected payline. Coinciding wins on different lit lines are all added to your total. Scatter wins are multiplied by total bet and added to payline wins. Wild symbol appears on all reels except reel 5. All wins occur on paylines, except for scattered Haunted House which pays anywhere in view. Feature wins are added to scatter and payline wins. All symbols pay from left to right only except Scattered Haunted House which pays anywhere. Full Moon fever Wild Logo symbol substitutes for all other symbols except Scattered Haunted House. Wild works only in conjunction with other symbols, except scatters. Winfalls feature has own paytable. PAYTABLE: The PAYTABLE can be viewed by clicking on the “i” button. PAYLINES: Adding funds to your account To add funds to your account, click on ‘DEPOSIT’ in the right bottom of the screen, then select the desired deposit option (play anywhere clients) or click on 'DEPOSIT' in the 'Cashier' option on left panel in Main Lobby, then select the desired deposit option (download clients). The time taken to transfer funds and the fees charged will vary depending on which deposit option you choose. What do I do if I reach my betting limits? If your game balance drops below the minimum bet, message about insufficient money be automatically presented. To add funds to your account, click on the “DEPOSIT” button in the right bottom of the screen, then select the desired deposit option. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you are disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete the game for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the “Game logs” button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected after triggering or in the middle of the bonus or feature, on reconnection, the software will automatically start the disconnected bonus or feature, if not already started, or resume from where it was disconnected. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Service team. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/4/2020