Farmyard Frenzy Instant Win Game Objective: Farmyard Frenzy Instant Win game is played with 9 scratch panels on a 3x3 grid along with the egg collecting bonus with free cards feature. The player must have 3 matching symbols to win, shown in the Paytable below. The Egg Collecting bonus is triggered by 3 “Farm Girl” symbols. Between 2 and 5 free cards are awarded in the Egg Collecting bonus. Values on the Eggs are collected by the girl. Paytable for €1-00 Stake Game Information: Game is played 9 scratch panels with 3x3 grid. When you enter the game a default bet is set. Bet can be changed by clicking on hamburger menu and changing the Bet meter. Game begins with the currently selected BET. Payouts are displayed on the PAYTABLE. All winning symbols will be animated in addition to background animations. Whenever there is a win, the total BALANCE will update, and the amount won in the game is shown in the WIN bar at the bottom of the game. How to play: Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet is set. You can alter the bet by clicking on and changing the Bet as shown below. Paytable: The Paytable can be viewed by clicking located at top of game screen in the control panel. The paytable shows the payouts for all symbols. You can go back to the game by clicking on on the paytable screen. Scratch: Click on to Start the game, Click/Tap or hover on any panel to scratch it and reveal or player can click on symbol to reveal all panels at once, any symbol will be paid according to the paytable. Result: Wins are indicated by colorized animated symbols, with the total win amount being shown at the bottom of the screen beside 'WIN'. Volume: The icon will play the game music. Click on will mute the volume . CREDITS: After you have placed the desired bet, your remaining game balance is shown in ‘BALANCE’ meter i.e. the current game balance minus the total bet placed. AUTO PLAY: You can make use of this feature to select various options for 'hands free' game play. To make use of the ‘AUTO PLAY feature, tap on the button. When the Auto Play window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Tap on ‘START’ button to activate the selected options and start the games. The available options under this feature are: Number of games: The game will scratch for the number of rotations selected from the Number of games Meter. You can choose maximum of 1000 Scratches and play until your balance is more than the total bet placed. For UKGC player, the number of Scratches available will be 100. Play till Win equals or exceeds: The game will continue until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount entered in the text box. Play till Loss not exceeds: The game will automatically continue until the loss limit is reached. Loss will be calculated with (Loss = Total bets - Total wins) Total bets=accumulated total bets Total wins=accumulated total wins (((Total bets- Total wins) + current game bet) Play till feature trigger: The game will automatically continue until the next feature is triggered. To make use of the auto play feature, click on the AUTO PLAY button at the right side of the game screen. When the auto play window opens, click on ‘More’ to show the extra options. Check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Click on the text box and enter the limit amount you want to play with. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the game. Similarly, click on the button to stop the Auto play feature and return to the game screen. When playing with multiple options and conditions selected, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others and the remaining selected conditions will be disabled. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again or opt for new option(s) and proceed with the game. AUTOPLAY option is not available in the play-money mode. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next scratch will be the same as the amount you wagered on the previous scratch. Just click on ‘PLAY’ to place the same bet again. ­To change your bet, increase or decrease the Bet shown on the game screen. Credits: After you have placed the desired bet, your remaining game balance is shown under ‘BALANCE’. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the ‘BALANCE’ meter and the 'BET' meter. Your game balance is shown at the bottom of the game screen. Game Settings: To make use of Game Settings, click on the Game Settings button at the bottom of the game screen in between Paytable and Sound icons. Volume: Player can set the volume of the sound effects by sliding through the Volume button. Sound effects: Toggle between on / off to enable or disable the game win animation sounds. Ambient sound: Toggle between on / off to enable or disable the game background sound. Game Rules: Farmyard Frenzy Instant Win game is played over 9 scratch panels on a 3x3 grid. Once the player hits the "Scratch" button, all the panels on the card become active. Click/Tap or hover on any panel to scratch it and reveal. To reveal all panels automatically, click after hitting the "Scratch" button . Match any 3 symbols anywhere in view to receive the corresponding payout for that symbol. It is not possible to match 4 or more symbols. The Paytable shows the win amount for the currently selected bet. Player cannot win Symbol win and feature win at a time. All egg symbols are considered as one same symbol in main game and when they appear anywhere in view, will pay the payout mentioned in the paytable. The “Farm Girl” symbol does not have any payout. The Farm Girl symbol triggers the Egg Collecting Bonus Feature. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Theoretical return to the player is 90.11%. Egg Collecting Bonus Feature: The Egg Collecting bonus is triggered by revealing 3 “Farm Girl” symbols. Between 2 and 5 free cards are awarded in the Egg Collecting bonus. Free cards are played at the same bet per line of the triggering game. These cards have only Egg symbols and blank (Farmyard Frenzy Instant win) symbols and appear in each of the 9 positions. More than 3 Blank(Farmyard Frenzy Instant Win) symbols can appear during the free cards. Blank (Farmyard Frenzy Instant Win) symbol do not have any payout. Free cards cannot be retriggered. Egg symbols now contain bonus values. Any egg revealed is collected by the Girl at the bonus value shown. Different Egg symbols are revealed during the bonus feature. Egg symbols with 2 eggs have 1 and 2 as multiplier; Egg symbols with 3 eggs will have 5, 10 and 15 as multipliers;Egg symbols with 4 eggs will have 20, 25 and 50 as multipliers. The award for 3 of a kind Eggs from the base game is not awarded during the bonus game. Browser Panel Commands: Main Game Menu Options Click on Responsible Gaming to navigate to the Responsible Gaming page. Click on Game Rules to view game rules of the game. Click on Game logs to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on the Deposit button to add funds to your account. Click on Real/Play to switch between real-money or play-money game modes. The Game logs functionality is applicable only for the real-money game play. Return to the player: The theoretical return to player of this game is 90.11%. FAQ’s: 1. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, game will resume from the point of disconnection otherwise You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game logs' button once you have logged back in If you are disconnected in the middle of the feature, you will be prompted to complete it after logging back in. After completing the feature, you can continue game play, or you can select another game of your choice. 2. What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Click on ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit. 3. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. 4. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Service team.