Farmyard Frenzy Game Objective: Farmyard Frenzy is a 5x3 reels slot game with 10 fixed paylines. Free spins feature is triggered when 3 or more scatter symbols land in view.. The “Golden Egg” feature is activated w hen Golden Egg appears anywhere in the reel view during the feature along with the wild (Girl) symbol ,Will symbol will collect the golden egg and moves to golden egg feature. The ‘PAYTABLE’ below shows winnings for $1.00 bet PAYTABLE: Game Information: Game is played with 10 fixed number of lines. Game currently starting with minimum bet. The TOTAL BET is Number of fixed lines multiplied by the bet per line. Bet per Line can be changed by using the and buttons. SPIN can be triggered by clicking on the spin button with the current selected BET. Payouts are displayed on the PAYTABLE. The paytable will always show the respective symbol payout amounts for the currently selected bet on 10 fixed paylines. Highest win amount is paid on each selected payline. Wins on different bet lines are all added to your total. Coinciding wins on different paylines are added to total. All symbols pay from left to right starting with left most reel. The Ticker messages will appear on the bottom of game screen. Whenever there is a win, the total BALANCE will update, and the amount won in the spin is shown in the WIN bar at the bottom of the game. The game and game rules are identical in both the real-money and demo modes, except that demo games do not contribute to the jackpot amount and auto spin option will not be available in demo mode. How to play: Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet per line is set for all 10 FIXED lines on the slot machine. You can increase the bet per line by clicking on the button to the right of 'Bet per line', or you can decrease the bet by clicking on the button to the left. Bet and lines will not get adjusted to the next possible bet, if your balance drops below total bet placed, then click on button shown at the bottom of the game screen. LINES: Game is played with 10 FIXED paylines. MAX BET: To play with MAX BET, click on If your balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled. The number of lines are multiplied by the 'bet per line'. The total bet amount is displayed beside the 'BET' label, which can be found at the bottom of the game screen. Paytable: The Paytable can be viewed by clicking on the button. You can go back to the game by clicking on the button on the Paytable screen. Spin: Click on SPIN icon to start spinning the reels. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines will be paid according to the Paytable. Result: Wins are indicated by animated symbols, with the total win amount being shown at the bottom of the screen beside 'WIN'. Volume: icon will play the game music. Click on icon will mute the volume. AUTO SPIN: You can use this feature to choose all or any of the various options for 'hands free' game play. The available options under this feature are Number of spins: The game will spin for the number of rotations selected from the drop-down menu. You can choose maximum of 1000 spins and play until your balance is more than the total bet placed. Spin till Win equals or exceeds: The game will spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount entered in text box. Spin till feature trigger : The game will spin until the next feature is triggered. To make use of the Auto spin feature, click on the 'AUTO SPIN' button in the bottom right of the game screen. When the Auto spin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Select from the drop-down menu where applicable. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Similarly, click on ‘X’ button to skip the AUTO SPIN' feature and return to the game screen. When playing with multiple options and conditions selected, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be disabled. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again or opt for new option(s) and proceed with the game. 'AUTO SPIN' option is not available in the play-money mode. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount you wagered on the previous spin. Just click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. ­To change your bet, increase or decrease the Bet shown on the game screen. Credits: After you have placed the desired bet, your remaining game balance is shown under ‘BALANCE’. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the ‘BALANCE’ meter and the 'BET' meter. Your game balance is shown at the bottom of the game screen. Game Settings: Volume: Player can set the volume of the sound effects and ambience by sliding through the Volume button. Sound effects: Toggle between on / off to enable or disable the game win animation sounds. Ambience sound: Toggle between on / off to enable or disable the game background sound. Quick spin: By checking this option, game play is faster than the regular spin. Spacebar to spin: By checking this option, Spacebar key can be used to trigger a spin. This option stays disabled, if spacebar is not available for a game. Game Rules: Farmyard Frenzy is a 5-reel slot game with 10 Fixed pay lines. All payouts are made according to the paytable. Pay table will show the win amount for the currently selected bet on 10 fixed pay lines. SPIN begins the game with the currently selected BET and fixed LINES. MAX BET selects 10 lines and maximum bet/line value. Only the highest win on each pay line is paid. Coinciding wins on different pay lines are added to your total balance. Egg symbols contain bonus numbers for the Free Spins round. 3 or more Scatter (Rooster) symbols anywhere in view triggers the Free spins feature round. All symbols pay from left to right starting with left most reel. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The maximum win in this game is capped to 250,000 USD or its equivalent amount in your currency during main game or Free spins. Further Free spins or line wins will be forfeited if the highest win is reached during the free spins. Theoretical return to player is 96.43.%. “ Scatter ( Rooster ) symbol do not have any payout during base and feature and also Goldenegg will appear only on anywhere on reel 3” Free spins feature: The Free Spins feature is triggered when 3 or more scatter symbols appear anywhere on the reels during the main game. 3 Scatter symbols will provide 10, 4 Scatter symbols will provide 15 and 5 scatter symbols will provide 20 Free spins respectively. If 3 or more egg symbols appear on a pay line, then payout will be paid according to pay table. During Freespins, Scatter (Rooster) symbol does not appear. Wild (Girl) symbol substitutes for all symbols. Wild symbol appears only in the free spins and golden egg feature Only the highest win on each selected pay line is paid according to the pay table. Free spins are played with the same bet of the triggering spin. Egg symbols appearing during the free spins contain bonus values. Any egg in view is collected by the Girl at the bonus value shown. Different Egg symbols can appear during free spins Egg symbols with 2 eggs have 1 and 2 as multiplier; Egg symbols with 3 eggs will have 5, 10 and 15 as multipliers; Egg symbols with 4 eggs will have 20, 25 and 50 as multipliers. Payout for the Eggs will be repeated for each wild symbol in view if there are more than one wild symbol in reel view. Golden Egg Feature: When the “Golden Egg” symbol appears anywhere in view along with the Girl symbol the “Golden Egg Feature” will be activated. During free spin” and “ Wild symbol will collect the Golden egg and game moves to Golden Egg Feature ”. Two extra free spins will be awarded for each Girl symbol in view. All other symbols are removed during the golden egg feature except for Eggs Girls and blanks(Farmyardfenzy). This paying reel set will continue for rest of the free spins ” . The feature can re-trigger with further free spins. Browser Panel Commands: Click on Rules to view the current version number & game rules of the game. Click on History to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on Deposit button to add funds to your account. Click on Real Money/Demo to switch between real-money or demo game modes. The Game logs functionality is applicable only for the real-money game play. Return to the player: The Theoretical return to the player is 96.43%. FAQ’s: 1. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'History' button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected in the middle of the feature, you will be prompted to complete it after logging back in. After completing the feature, you can continue game play, or you can select another game of your choice. 2.What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Click on ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit. 3. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. 4. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team.