Fruit Blaster Game Objective: Fruit Blaster is a five-reel with TheBigOne jackpot slot game. It has 5 fixed paylines with a Gamble feature. You win based on the combination of the various symbols displayed on the selected winning payline(s). Game Information: Game is played with 5 fixed number of lines. When you enter the game a default total bet is set. The total BET is Number of Fixed lines multiplied by the selected BET/LINE. BET/LINE can be changed by using the and buttons. SPIN can be triggered by clicking on the Spin button with the current selected BET. Payouts are displayed on the PAYTABLE. Highest win amount is paid on each selected payline. All symbols pay from left to right. All winning symbols will be animated in addition to background animations. The Ticker messages will appear on the bottom of game screen. Whenever there is a win, the total BALANCE will update, and the amount won in the spin is shown in the WIN bar at the bottom of the game. The game and game rules are identical in both the real-money and play-money modes. How to play: Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet/line is set for all 5 lines on the slot machine. You can increase the bet/line by clicking the button to the right of 'BET/LINE', or you can decrease the bet/line by clicking the button to the left. Bet will not get adjusted to the next possible bet, if your balance drops below total bet placed, then click on button shown at the bottom of the game screen. LINES: Five lines are fixed by default. MAX BET: To play with MAX BET, click on . If your balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled. The number of lines are multiplied by the 'BET/LINE'. The total bet amount is displayed below the 'BET' label, which can be found at the bottom of the game screen. Paytable: The Paytable can be viewed either by clicking the button located in bottom of game screen beside ‘BET’ label or by clicking button located at the bottom of the screen beside the Lines text. The prizes displayed in the Paytable are per unit bet, and are shown as multipliers. To get the effective payout per line, multiply the respective prize with the bet per line. You can go back to the game by clicking on the button on the Paytable screen. Clicking on the button will open the rules screen along with Paytable and allow you to read the game rules. Spin: Click on SPIN icon to start spinning the reels. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines will be paid according to the Paytable. Result: Wins are indicated by yellow color boxes and animated symbols inside it, with the total win amount being shown at the bottom of the screen below 'WIN'. Volume: icon will play the game music. Click on icon will mute the volume . Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount you wagered on the previous spin. Just click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. ­To change your bet, increase or decrease the Bet shown on the game screen. Credits: After you have placed the desired bet, your remaining game balance is shown under ‘BALANCE’. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the ‘BALANCE’ meter and the 'BET' meter. Your game balance is shown at the bottom of the game screen. Game Settings: To make use of Game Settings, click on the Game Settings button at the bottom of the game screen in between Paytable and Sound icons. Volume: Player can set the volume of the sound effects by sliding through the Volume button. Sound effects: Toggle between on / off to enable or disable the game win animation sounds. Ambient sound: Toggle between on / off to enable or disable the game background sound. Spacebar to spin: By checking this option, Spacebar key can be used to trigger a spin. If gamble is enabled, Spacebar to spin will auto collect the win amount. Gamble Feature: This check box is used to enable or disable the Gamble Feature. Game Rules: Game is played with 5 fixed number of lines. The total bet is 5 times of the selected bet/line. Click on SPIN button to begin the game. All symbols pay left to right starting with the left most reel. Highest win amount is paid on each selected payline. Coinciding wins on different bet lines are all added to your total. Payouts are made according to the Paytable. Payline wins are multiplied by the amount at bet per line . Gamble Feature: Gamble feature will be enabled only if the game win is less than EUR 140.00 or its equivalent amount in your currency. Player can choose either Card Gamble or Ladder Gamble. Player can choose to exit the gamble feature at any time during the gamble game by clicking on the Collect button. The highest possible win in Card and Ladder gamble is EUR 140.00 or its equivalent amount in your currency as shown in the gamble screen. Ladder Gamble: Player can enter Ladder Gamble by clicking on Ladder button. Ladder Gamble consists of three buttons: Collect, 1:1 and Partial Collect. Clicking on 1:1 button starts the gamble round. The highlighted value on the ladder indicates the current win and the flashing values indicate the next possible outcome. Flashing of the values on the ladder is based on player’s game win. If the game win value matches with any value on the ladder, then that value is highlighted on the ladder; and the immediate higher and immediate lower values will flash. If the game win value doesn’t match with any value on the ladder, then no value is highlighted; and only the immediate higher and the immediate lower values of the game win will flash. On continuing with gamble: If the current win value highlighted on the ladder is below mystery, then the immediate higher and EUR 0.00(its equivalent amount in your currency as shown in the gamble screen), values will flash. If the current win value highlighted on the ladder is EUR 4.00 (its equivalent amount in your currency as shown in the gamble screen), then the immediate higher and EUR 0.00(its equivalent amount in your currency as shown in the gamble screen), values will flash. If the current win value highlighted on the ladder is greater than EUR 4.00 (its equivalent amount in your currency as shown in the gamble screen), then the lowest value higher than the current win and the highest or the second highest value lower than the current win will flash. The selection between the two flashing values is not equally probable. However, the return from the gamble feature is 100%. By clicking "Partial Collect" button in ladder gamble, the highlighted win amount is lowered by one-step and the saved stake will be shown in win ticker area and then the gamble continues with the remaining amount. At the end of the gamble the Saved stake (which is shown in the win ticker area) and the gamble win (if any) will be added to the balance. Partial Collect button is disabled in below 3 cases: If the game win value does not match the values on the ladder, when entering into Ladder Gamble. If the highlighted value on the ladder is EUR 0.15 or its equivalent amount in your currency as shown in gamble screen. On winning Mystery. On winning MYSTERY: Collect, Partial collect buttons are disabled. 10 seconds timer is disabled. All the values above the mystery will flash, except the highest two prizes. On clicking 1:1, one of the flashing value will be highlighted, indicating the current win and the gamble feature will continue. In all other cases, on clicking Collect button, the highlighted value is credited to the balance. At any time during the Gamble, player can choose to collect. Clicking on Collect button, player will be credited with the highlighted value on the ladder and will be exited from Ladder Gamble. Ladder Gamble will end: If the player wins the highest possible value on the ladder or If player clicks on Collect or If player ends up with EUR 0.00 (its equivalent amount in your currency as shown in the gamble screen), value in ladder. If player does not choose any of the ladder options within 10 seconds, gamble round will be terminated and the win amount will be added to the player’s account balance. Card Gamble: Player can enter Card Gamble by clicking on Card button. Card Gamble consists of four buttons: Red, Black, Collect and Partial Collect. Maximum of 6 cards are shown in previous gamble cards history. Any win under EUR 140 or its equivalent amount in your currency can be gambled. When player selects Black or Red in Card Gamble, it randomly displays Red or Black card. (Selects each card regardless of history). If player chooses correct color, it doubles their gamble amount, otherwise gamble amount is lost. You can gamble up to four times in succession. Partial Collect button will be available to players from first round onwards. Partial Collect button will be disabled, if win is less than or equal to EUR 0.10 or its equivalent value in your currency as shown in gamble screen. If Partial Collect is selected, 50% of the win is banked and the gamble resumes with the remaining 50% (half amount). At any stage during the gamble, the player can select Partial Collect. If 50% of the win amount has more than 2 decimals, then win amount will be rounded off. At any time during the Gamble, the player can click on Collect button and the current collect value will be added to the player’s account balance. If player does not choose any of the card options within 10 seconds, gamble round will be terminated and the win amount will be added to the player’s account balance. Jackpot game: The Big One jackpot can be triggered anytime, either during normal spin or after the feature game. The main screen then changes to jackpot screen after the user has won jackpot game in which all the jackpots and their values are listed on the left-side area and a wheel is displayed on the right side area. There are 5 different jackpots, each of which has a unique color. All five colors are shown on the wheel: The orange color represents the Blitz Cash Jackpot. The red color represents the Quick Cash Jackpot. The blue color represents the Super Cash Jackpot. The green color represents the Mega Cash Jackpot. The lavender color represents the Colossal Cash Jackpot. The spin button is shown in the middle of the bottom area. By clicking on the SPIN button, the wheel rotates and stops on a color and the respective jackpot is awarded. You can see the current values of all five jackpots on the main game screen. Big One Jackpots have two pools for each jackpot tier, current instance pool and reserve pool. During game play a % of the total bet (mentioned below) is contributed towards both the pools. Jackpot Name Initial Seed (CAD) Instance Contribution % Reserve Contribution % The Big One Colossal Cash C$640,000.00 0.564% 1.6% The Big One Mega Cash C$20,000.00 0.1% 0.125% The Big One Super Cash C$1,500.00 0.08% 0.015% The Big One Quick Cash C$400.00 0.1% 0.1% The Big One Blitz Cash C$80.00 0.12% 0.2% Each jackpot starts with initial seed amount. Each jackpot starts with initial seed amount. Initial Jackpot seed is funded by “The House”, and the subsequent instances are funded from reserve pool, the amount accumulated in reserve pool becomes the next seed. Big One jackpots are played across multiple games and all games have equal probability of winning the jackpot. A jackpot instance can only be won by one player, and this applies for all Jackpot tiers. In-case of network disconnections during the Jackpot wheel feature, jackpot win will be credited to player account balance automatically. The jackpot is triggered randomly. The number of spins awarded in jackpot screen equals the number of jackpots awarded. Only real money play will contribute to the jackpot amount. Jackpot contributions and triggering will not be applicable for games played on "play for fun/demo" mode The maximum jackpot amount a player can get from each of the above jackpot is 5,000,000 CAD. Jackpot Contribution/RTP is 3.004%. Browser Panel Commands: Click on Responsible Gaming to navigate to the Responsible gaming page. Click on Game Rules to view game rules of the game. Click on Game logs to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on Deposit button to add funds to your account. Click on Real/Play to switch between real-money or play-money game modes. The Game logs functionality is applicable only for the real-money game play. Return to the player: The theoretical return to player of this game is 96.17%. FAQ’s: 1. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game logs' button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected in the middle of the gamble feature, you will be prompted to complete it after logging back in. After completing the gamble feature, you can continue game play, or you can select another game of your choice. 2. What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Click on ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit. 3. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. 4. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/8/2022