Fire Drake Main Game Screen Game Objective: Fire Drake is a five-reel multi-payline Ca$h Fla$h Jackpot slot game. You win based on the combination of the various symb ols displayed on the selected winning payline(s). The ‘PAYTABLE’ below shows how much you win for each combination. For each bet amount placed, the house adds a percentage of the bet amount to the running jackpot total. Paytable Paylines Game Information: The game and game rules are identical in both the real money and play money modes, except that play money games do not contribute to the jackpot amount and auto spin option will not be available in play mode. You can bet on up to nine lines. The paylines are shown in the Pay Lines table. Ca$h Fla$h Jackpot: Ca$h Fla$h Jackpot is a jackpot that grows progressively as bets are made. For each spin, on any of the four Ca$h Fla$h Jackpot games, the house adds a small credit to the running jackpot total. The Ca$h Fla$h Jackpot can be won irrespective of hitting any paying or non-paying combination, while betting any amount. How to play: Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet per payline is set for all 9 lines on the slot machine. You can increase the bet per line by clicking the button to the right of 'BET', or you can decrease the bet by clicking the button to the left. Bet and lines will not get adjusted to the next possible bet, if your balance drops below total bet placed, then click on button shown on bottom of game screen. Setting 'LINES': Nine lines are selected by default. You can decrease the number of lines by clicking the button to the left of 'LINES', or select more lines by clicking the button to the right up to 9 lines. When the number of lines is increased, all the line numbers and the line path will be colored to represent the selected pay lines. These lines and their path are decolored when the number of pay lines is decreased. MAX BET: To play with MAX BET, click on . If your balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled. The number of selected lines are multiplied by the 'bet per line'. The total bet amount is displayed beside the 'BET' label, which can be found at the bottom of the game screen. Paytable: The Paytable can be viewed either by clicking the button located in bottom of game screen beside ‘BET’ label or by clicking button located at the bottom of the screen beside the Line meter. The prizes displayed in the Paytable are per unit bet, and are shown as multipliers. To get the effective payout per line, multiply the respective prize with the bet per line. You can go back to the game by clicking on the button on the Paytable screen. Clicking on the button will open the rules screen along with Paytable and allow you to read the game rules. Spin: Click on SPIN icon to start spinning the reels. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines and any scatter wins will be paid according to the Paytable. Result: Wins are indicated by colorized paylines animated symbols, and in case of a scatter win, by animated symbols, with the total win amount being shown at the bottom of the screen beside 'WIN'. Volume: icon will play the game music. Click on icon will mute the volume . CREDITS: Your remaining game balance, after you have placed the desired bet, is shown in ‘BALANCE’ meter i.e. the current game balance minus the total bet placed. 'AUTOSPIN': You can use this feature to choose all or any of the various options for 'hands free' game play. The available options under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will spin for the number of rotations selected from the drop-down menu. You can choose any number of games and play until your balance is more than the total bet placed. Spin till Win equals or exceeds: The game will spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount selected from the drop down menu. Spin till Loss not exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the loss limit is reached. Loss will be calculated with (Loss = Total bets - Total wins) Total bets=accumulated total bets Total wins=accumulated total wins (((Total bets- Total wins) + current game bet) Spin till feature trigger: The game will spin until the next feature is triggered. Autospin game is terminated whenever a Ca$h Fla$h Jackpot is triggered in-between the Autospin. Autospin Panel To make use of the autospin feature, click on the 'AUTOSPIN' button in the bottom right of the game screen. When the autospin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Select from the drop-down menu where applicable and click ‘Ok’ button. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Similarly, click the ‘X’ on the autospin window to exit the 'AUTOSPIN' feature and return to the game screen. When playing with multiple options and conditions selected, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be disabled. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again or opt for new option(s) and proceed with the game. 'AUTOSPIN' option is not available in the play-money mode. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount you wagered on the previous spin. Just click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. To change your bet, increase the bet meter shown on the game screen.­ Credits: After you have placed the desired bet, your remaining game balance is shown under ‘BALANCE’. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the ‘BALANCE’ meter and the 'BET' meter. Your game balance is shown at the bottom of the game screen. Browser Panel Commands: Main Game Menu Options Click on ‘ Responsible Gaming ’ to navigate to the Responsible gaming page. Click on 'Game Rules ' to view the current version number & game rules of the game. Click on 'Game logs ' to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on 'Exit Game ' to leave the game and return to the Lobby. Click on ' Deposit ' button to add funds to your account. Click on ‘ Real/Play ’ to switch between real-money or play-money game modes. The “ Game logs ” functionality is applicable only for the real money game play. Game Rules : Play 1 to 9 lines. All symbols pay left to right, except scattered Fire drake symbol, which pay anywhere on the reels. Only the highest win on each selected payline is paid. Coinciding wins on different lit lines are added together. Line wins are multiplied by the amount bet per line. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Scatter wins are added to payline wins. All wins are paid on selected paylines only, except scatter symbols, which pay anywhere. The Wild symbol substitutes for all other symbols except the scattered Fire drake. All jackpot wins are credited to your account balance immediately. Malfunctions Voids all Pays and Plays. Features: Jackpot feature round: Ca$h Fla$h Jackpot Message A Ca$h Fla$h jackpot can be triggered anytime, either during normal spin, autospin or after the feature game. Any bet is eligible for the jackpot. The larger is your wager on each game, the more chances you have of winning the jackpot. You will be informed of any jackpot wins by a pop-up message, and the win amount will be credited to your account immediately. The current value of the jackpot is shown at the top of the game screen. Cash Flash Jackpot has two pools for each jackpot tier, current instance pool and reserve pool. During game play a % of the total bet (mentioned below) is contributed towards both the pools Jackpot Name Initial Seed (USD) Instance Contribution % Reserve Contribution % Ca$h Fla$h Jackpot $1,000.00 0.125% 0.875% Cash Flash Jackpot starts with initial seed amount. Initial Jackpot seed is funded by “ The House ”, and the subsequent instances are funded from reserve pool, t he amount accumulated in reserve pool becomes the next seed . Cash Flash jackpot is played across multiple games and all games have equal probability of winning the jackpot. Multiple players cannot trigger the current jackpot amount. In-case of network disconnections during the Jackpot feature, jackpot win will be credited to player account balance automatically. The jackpot is triggered randomly. Only real money play will contribute to the jackpot amount. The maximum jackpot amount player can get from this jackpot is 2,500,000 USD. Jackpot Contribution/RTP is 1.00%. Feature Free spins game play: The 'Fire Drake's Lair' bonus feature is triggered when the 3 or more Fire Drake symbols appear in view on the reels. The original game screen changes, and the feature game screen opens up. You must then select 3 out of 5 chests in the Fire Drake's lair screen Any gem awards three free games. Any sword awards 10 free games. A Drake Egg awards from 15 to 100 free games. During the free games all prizes are quadrupled and the feature can be re-triggered. Free game wins are added to payline and scatter wins. Wins are transferred to the Win meter at the end of the base game, before the start of the feature game, and at the end of the feature. Return to the player: The theoretical return to player of this game is 94.913 %. FAQ’s: 1.I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game logs' button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected in the middle of the feature round, you will be prompted to complete it after logging back in. After completing the feature round, you can continue game play, or you can select another game of your choice. 2. What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Click on ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit. 3. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. 4. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team.