Farmyard Frenzy Instant Win Mobile Farmyard Frenzy Instant Win Game Objective: Farmyard Frenzy Instant Win game is played with 9 scratch panels on a 3x3 grid along with the egg collecting bonus with free cards feature. The player must have 3 matching symbols to win, shown in the Paytable below. The Egg Collecting bonus is triggered by 3 “Farm Girl” symbols. Between 2 and 5 free cards are awarded in the Egg Collecting bonus. Values on the Eggs are collected by the girl. Paytable for €1-00 Stake Game Information: Game is played 9 scratch panels with 3x3 grid. When you enter the game a default bet is set. Bet can be changed by clicking on hamburger menu and changing the Bet meter. Game begins with the currently selected BET. Payouts are displayed on the PAYTABLE. All winning symbols will be animated in addition to background animations. Whenever there is a win, the total BALANCE will update, and the amount won in the game is shown in the WIN bar at the bottom of the game. How to play: Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet is set. You can alter the bet by clicking on and changing the Bet as shown below. MAX BET: Click on MAX BET to select the maximum possible bet. If your balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled. AUTO SCRATCH: You can make use of this feature to select various options for 'hands free' game play. To make use of the ‘Auto Play’ feature, tap on the button. When the Auto play window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Tap on ‘OK’ to activate the selected options and start the scratches. The available options under this feature are: Number of games: The game will automatically continue for the number of rotations selected from the Number of games Meter. You can choose maximum of 1000 Scratches and play until your balance is more than the total bet placed. For UKGC player, the number of Scratches available will be 100. Play till Win equals or exceeds: The game will continue until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount entered in the text box. Play till Loss not exceeds: The game will automatically continue until the loss limit is reached. Loss will be calculated with (Loss = Total bets - Total wins) Total bets=accumulated total bets Total wins=accumulated total wins (((Total bets- Total wins) + current game bet) Play till feature trigger: The game will automatically continue until the next feature is triggered. When playing with multiple options and conditions selected, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be disabled. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again or opt for new option(s) and proceed with the game. Click on the STOP SPIN button to deactivate AUTO SPIN and the normal game will be restored. Tap on Menu Icon to view the option like Paytable, Bet Settings, Auto spin, Settings button, i button and Cashier. Tap on the ‘Lobby’ option to navigate back to lobby screen. Tap on the 'PAYTABLE' option to view Paytable screen. Tap on the button to go back to the game play. Tap on the ‘Sound’ icon to play the game music and vice versa. Tap on the ‘Cashier’ option to navigate to deposit screen. Tap anywhere on the screen to come out from the options. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount you wagered on the previous spin. Just click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. To change your bet, increase or decrease the BET VALUE. The total win amount is shown in the WIN meter . CREDITS: Your remaining game balance, after you have placed the desired bet, is shown in ‘BALANCE’ meter i.e. the current game balance minus the total bet placed. Game Rules: Farmyard Frenzy Instant Win game is played over 9 scratch panels on a 3x3 grid. Once the player hits the "Scratch" button, all the panels on the card become active. Click/Tap or hover on any panel to scratch it and reveal. To reveal all panels automatically, click after hitting the "Scratch" button . Match any 3 symbols anywhere in view to receive the corresponding payout for that symbol. It is not possible to match 4 or more symbols. The Paytable shows the win amount for the currently selected bet. Player cannot win Symbol win and feature win at a time. All egg symbols are considered as one same symbol in main game and when they appear anywhere in view, will pay the payout mentioned in the paytable. The “Farm Girl” symbol does not have any payout. The Farm Girl symbol triggers the Egg Collecting Bonus Feature. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Theoretical return to the player is 90.11%. Egg Collecting Bonus Feature: The Egg Collecting bonus is triggered by revealing 3 “Farm Girl” symbols. Between 2 and 5 free cards are awarded in the Egg Collecting bonus. Free cards are played at the same bet per line of the triggering game. These cards have only Egg symbols and blank (Farmyard Frenzy Instant win) symbols and appear in each of the 9 positions. More than 3 Blank(Farmyard Frenzy Instant Win) symbols can appear during the free cards. Blank (Farmyard Frenzy Instant Win) symbol do not have any payout. Free cards cannot be retriggered. Egg symbols now contain bonus values. Any egg revealed is collected by the Girl at the bonus value shown. Different Egg symbols are revealed during the bonus feature. Egg symbols with 2 eggs have 1 and 2 as multiplier; Egg symbols with 3 eggs will have 5, 10 and 15 as multipliers;Egg symbols with 4 eggs will have 20, 25 and 50 as multipliers. The award for 3 of a kind Eggs from the base game is not awarded during the bonus game. Return to the player: The theoretical return to player of this game is 90.11%. Game History: Gameplay history can be accessed by logging into your account on the desktop website and choosing menu “Game Logs” inside any game. FAQ’s: 1. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, game will resume from the point of disconnection otherwise You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game logs' button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected in the middle of the feature, you will be prompted to complete it after logging back in. After completing the feature, you can continue game play, or you can select another game of your choice. 2. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. 3. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team.