Farmyard Bonanza Game Objective: • Farmyard Bonanza is a five-reels slot game with 10 fixed paylines. Symbols pay from left to right, beginning with the left-most reel and proceeding in consecutive order across each payline. • The game includes features like Free Spins, Special Eggs, and Golden Egg. • When three or more Scattered symbols lands on the reel, Free Spins Feature is triggered. • When any Special egg appears in the reel view with the Wild symbol during the free spins round, the Special Egg feature is triggered. • The "Golden Egg" feature is triggered when the Golden Egg, together with the wild symbol, appears anywhere on the reels during the free spins round. How to play: • Setting 'BETS': A default bet is set when a player begins the game. Players can change the bet value in desktop mode by clicking the + or - buttons, and in mobile mode by using the bet slider in the hamburger menu. • MAX BET: Click on ‘MAX BET’ to wager the maximum bet. This option will be disabled if the player balance is insufficient. • Spin: To begin the game with the presently selected BET, click the SPIN button. In desktop mode, the spin button is in the center of the screen. However, in mobile mode, it is at the bottom of the screen in portrait view and on the right side of the screen in landscape view. • Repeat bet/Change bet: The bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount wagered on the previous spin. Just click on the 'SPIN' button to play with the same bet. • Paytable: By clicking on the ‘i’ icon located above the bet panel, Players can access the Paytable screen. Players can return to the game by clicking the close icon on the Paytable screen. In mobile view, players can access the paytable by clicking the hamburger menu and selecting the paytable option. • Volume: To mute or unmute the sounds, click on the volume icon. • Credits: The remaining game balance is displayed under "BALANCE" after the desired stake has been placed and the reels have spun. The sum of the amounts displayed under the 'BALANCE' meter (includes total bet value) represents the player's current game balance. Game balance field is displayed at the bottom of the game screen. • 'AUTO SPIN': Select the AUTOSPIN option for hands-free play. • To configure Auto Spins, click on Auto spin button to open the window then select the check boxes /option you’d like to play then Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and begins the spins. • Click on the auto spin button to stop the AUTO SPIN feature. • The available options under this feature are: o Number of spins: The game will spin for the number of rotations selected from the slider menu. You can choose a maximum of 1000 spins and play until the player balance is more than the total bet placed. o Spin till Win equals or exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the win amount equals or exceeds the amount keyed in the numeric text box. o Spin till Feature trigger: The game will automatically spin until the next feature is triggered. • When playing with multiple options and conditions selected, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be disabled. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again or opt for new option(s) and proceed with the game. • In demo-money mode, the ‘AUTO SPIN’ option will be disabled. Game Settings: • To configure Game Settings, click on the ‘Settings’ icon positioned at the bottom of the game screen between Paytable and Sound icons. • Volume: The volume of the sound effects can be adjusted by using a slider. • Sound effects: Turn On / Off the toggle to enable or disable the Sound effects like game win animation sounds. • Ambience sound: Turn On / Off the toggle to enable or disable the game level background music. • Quick spin: On selecting this option, the gameplay is faster than the regular spin. • Space bar to spin: On selecting this option, the space bar can be used to initiate a spin. This option stays disabled if the intro video is not available for a game. Mobile Options: • Tap the Hamburger Menu Icon to view options like Paytable, Bet settings, Settings, “i” icon and Cashier in mobile. • Tap the Home option to navigate back to lobby screen. • Tap the Paytable option to view Paytable screen. • Tap the back button to go back to the game play. • Tap the Volume icon to play game music (vice versa). • Tap the ‘$’ option to navigate to deposit screen. Game Rules: • Farmyard Bonanza is a five-reel slot game with 10 fixed paylines. • BET value can be changed by using ‘+’ and ‘-’ buttons. • The min bet is $0.10 and the max bet is $50.00. • Click on the SPIN button to begin the game with the currently selected BET. • The free spins feature is activated when 3 or more Scatter (Rooster) symbols appear anywhere on the reel set. • Egg symbols have monetary prize values that are only active during free spins. • Special eggs and Golden egg symbols will appear only on Reel 3 in Main Game, Free Spins and Golden Egg Feature and will not appear on Reels 1, 2, 4 and 5 in Main Game, Free Spins and Golden Egg Feature. • If 3 or more egg symbols including special eggs and golden egg, appear on a payline, then payout will be paid according to the paytable in base game , Free Spins and Golden Egg Feature rounds. • Except for the Scatter (Rooster) symbol, all symbols on a payline, pay in consecutive order from left to right, starting with the leftmost reel. • Paytable will show the win amount for the currently selected bet on 10 fixed paylines. • All payouts are made according to the paytable. • Scatter (Rooster) symbol do not have any payout. • Coinciding wins on different paylines are added to the balance. • Only the highest win on each payline will be paid. • The theoretical Return to Player is 93.86%. • Logging into your account on the desktop website and selecting the option 'History' inside any game will allow you to access your game play history. • All payouts are made in USD. • Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Free Spins Feature: • The free spins feature is activated when 3 or more Scatter (Rooster) symbols appear anywhere on the reel set. • Players will be awarded 6 Free spins for 3 Scatters, 9 Free spins for 4 Scatters and 15 free spins for 5 Scatters. • The Wild (Girl) symbol substitutes for all symbols. • All normal (white) egg symbols that appear during free spins contain monetary prizes. • Single egg symbol gives 1X multiplier,2 eggs 2X, 3 eggs 5X ,4 eggs 10X, 5 eggs 15X and 6 eggs pays 20X . These values are multiplied by the total bet and treated as monetary prize value. • When a Wild (Girl) symbol and an egg symbol appear at the same time, the wild symbol ‘collects’ the eggs, and the player is awarded the sum of the prizes associated with each egg symbol. If multiple wilds are visible, the process is repeated for each wild. • Unlike regular eggs, Special eggs and Golden Eggs are collected once even if multiple wilds are in view. • During free spins, Scatter (Rooster) symbol does not appear. Special Egg Feature: • During free spins, special-colored eggs are added to the reels. • If the colored egg lands with a Wild (Girl) symbol in view the colored egg is collected to the trail situated above the reels. • Each Colored egg that adds to the trail will add two further Free Spins. • Collecting all 5 Special colored eggs along with the Golden egg will activate the Golden egg feature. • The Golden egg feature can be triggered at any time during free spins when Wild(Girl) symbol in view collects Golden egg symbol. • If a player collects the Golden egg symbol during free spins, they will be awarded 2 extra free spins for each Special egg yet to be collected. • When a special colored egg with a Wild(Girl) symbol is triggered during free spins • For 1st Special colored egg Collected, symbols 10 will be removed from reelset for further free spins. • For 2nd Special colored egg collected, symbols 10, J will be removed from reelset for further free spins. • For 3rd Special colored egg collected, symbols 10, J, Q will be removed from reelset for further free spins. • For 4th Special colored egg collected, symbols 10, J, Q, K will be removed from reelset for further free spins. • For 5th Special colored egg collected, symbols 10, J, Q, K, A will be removed from reelset for further free spins. • Golden Egg triggered along with Wild (Girl) symbol will always carry remaining Special colored egg extra free spins with Golden egg 2 extra free spins i.e. If player triggers Golden egg with Wild after collecting 1 Special egg, then player will get 8 extra free spins for 4 remaining Special eggs to be collected + 2 extra free spins for the Golden egg triggered. These free spins along with further free spins remaining will continue with Golden egg reel set. Golden Egg Feature: • When the Golden Egg symbol appears anywhere in view along with the Girl symbol the Golden Egg Feature will be activated. • Two extra free spins will be awarded irrespective of number of Girl symbols appeared along with a Golden Egg symbol in view. • All other symbols are removed during the Golden Egg feature except for Eggs, Girl and blanks (FarmyardBonanza). This reel set will continue for rest of the Free spins. • The feature can re-trigger with further Free spins. Browser Button Panel Commands: • Click on Rules to view the detailed rules of the game as a web page. • Click on History to view the logs of the games you've played. • Click on Real Money/Demo to switch between real-money or demo-money mode. • Click on Star to add or remove the game from your favorites. • Click on the ‘Deposit’ button to deposit money into your account. • The History functionality is applicable only for real-money game play. Return to the player: • The theoretical Return to Player is 93.86%. FAQ’s: 1. I could not complete the game. What should I do? • If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the ‘History' button once you have logged back in. 2.What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? • Click on ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit. 3. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Service team. Last modification date: 3/14/2024