Gold Prospector Game Objective: Gold Prospector is a 5 reel, 40 fixed payline slot game. The game has a Bucket feature and Free spins feature. The buckets have different positions with win amounts on them. If the Scattered Gold Nugget symbol on the reel set matches with any of the position on bucket, the respective win amount is awarded to player. The bucket also freezes randomly to award more wins in subsequent games. Free spins feature is triggered when 3 FREE SPINS symbols appear anywhere on 2,3 and 4 reels. 3 free spins will be awarded and there is a chance of increase in free spins count when the scattered gold nugget symbols appear in free spins reel view. Wild substitutes for all symbols except for Scattered Gold Nugget, FREE SPINS symbols. How to play: Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet is set. You can change the bet value by clicking the + or - buttons either side of the BET meter in desktop. You can alter the bet by tapping hamburger menu and changing the bet meter in mobile. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount you wagered on the previous spin. Just click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. To change your bet, increase or decrease the bet shown on the game screen. MAX BET: Click on ‘MAX BET’ to select the maximum possible bet. If your balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled in desktop. Spin: The SPIN button in the middle starts the game in desktop. The SPIN button is at the bottom of the game screen in portrait mode and at the right side of the game screen in landscape mode in mobile. Paytable: The Paytable can be viewed by clicking on the ‘ i ’ button located above the bet panel. You can go back to the game by clicking on the down arrow in the Paytable screen. Paytable can be viewed by clicking on Hamburger Menu in Mobiles. Volume: The volume icon will play the game music. Click on the volume icon to mute the volume. Credits: After you have placed the desired bet, your remaining game balance is shown under ‘BALANCE’. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the ‘BALANCE’ meter and the 'BET' meter. Your game balance is shown at the bottom of the game screen. 'AUTOSPIN': Select the AUTOSPIN for hands-free play. For UK user auto spin option will be in disabled mode. To make use of the Auto spin feature, click on the 'AUTOSPIN' button in the bottom of the game screen. When the auto spin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Select from the drop-down menu where applicable. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Similarly, click on stop auto spin button to stop the AUTO SPIN feature and return to the game screen. The available options under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will spin for the number of rotations selected from the slider menu. You can choose a maximum of 1000 spins and play until your balance is more than the total bet placed. Spin till Win equals or exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the win amount equals or exceeds the amount entered in the numeric text box. Spin till Loss not exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the loss limit is reached. Loss will be calculated with (Loss = Total bets - Total wins) Total bets=accumulated total bets Total wins=accumulated total wins (((Total bets- Total wins) + current game bet) Spin till feature trigger: The game will automatically spin until the next feature is triggered. When playing with multiple options and conditions selected, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be disabled. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again or opt for new option(s) and proceed with the game. 'AUTO SPIN' option will be disabled in the play-money mode. Game Settings: To make use of Game Settings, click on the ‘settings button’ at the bottom of the game screen in between Paytable and Sound icons. Volume: Players can set the volume of the sound effects and ambience by sliding using the volume button. Sound effects: Toggle between On / Off to enable or disable the game win animation sounds. Ambience sound: Toggle between On / Off to enable or disable the game background sound. Quick spin: By checking this option, game play is faster than the regular spin and for UK player this option will be in disabled mode. Space bar to spin: By checking this option, the space bar can be used to trigger a spin in desktop. This option stays disabled if the intro video is not available for a game. Mobile Options: Tap the Hamburger Menu Icon to view options such as the Paytable, bet settings, auto spin, settings, i button and Cashier in mobile. Tap the Home option to navigate back to lobby screen. Tap the Paytable option to view Paytable screen. Tap back button to go back to the game play. Tap the Volume icon to play the game music and vice versa. Tap the ‘ $’ option to navigate to deposit screen. Tap anywhere on the screen to come out from the options. Game Rules: Gold Prospector is a 40 fixed paylines game. All payouts are made according to the paytable. SPIN begins the game with the currently selected BET. Payline wins are multiplied by the amount bet per line. MAX BET selects 40 fixed lines and maximum bet value. Only the highest win on each payline is paid. Coinciding wins on different paylines are added to your balance . All symbols pay from left to right starting from the left most reel. Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except the Scattered Gold Nugget, FREE SPINS symbols. The maximum win in this game is capped to 250,000 EUR or its equivalent amount in your currency during main game or Bonus Feature or Free spins. Further line wins or free spin wins will be forfeited if the highest win is reached. The theoretical return to player of this game is 95.23%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Bonus Feature: In main game the chain of buckets has 17 positions from 4 to 20 and their respective multipliers are as follows X1, X2, X3, X4, X5, X10, X15, X20, X25, X50, X100, X200, X300, X500, X1000, X5000, X10,000. These multipliers will be multiplied by total bet amount and will be displayed on the bucket. If the number of scattered gold nuggets landed on the reel set are between 4 and 20 the respective win amount is awarded to the player. E.g., if 6 scattered gold nuggets appear on the reel view, the win amount at bucket position 6 will be awarded to player. The buckets will lock randomly if there are 4 or more scattered gold nuggets. In this state instead of awarding the win amount the locked win amount will be carry forwarded to the next subsequent spin. E.g., if 6 scattered gold nugget symbols appear on the reel view, the bucket will lock at position 6 and is added to next spin. If there are 1 or more scattered gold nugget in the subsequent spin, bucket locks randomly in the subsequent spin as well. E.g., if bucket locked at position 6, and if there are 2 scattered gold nuggets in the subsequent spin, the bucket will re-lock randomly and the bucket will re-lock at position 8 which is 6 plus 2. When 1 or more scattered gold nuggets appear in bucket lock feature, the bucket can re-lock up to a maximum of 3 times based on the appearance of scattered gold nugget symbols. Once player reaches the maximum of 20 scatters, they are awarded with the highest win with no chance of re-lock. The bucket locked position is persistent to the bet value placed by the player. During the lock/re-lock feature if the free spins are triggered, the buckets accumulated are carry forwarded to free spins. The scattered gold nugget symbols appear in free spins will be added to the buckets accumulated from main game and the total payout will be awarded. Free spin Feature: 3 FREE SPINS symbols appear anywhere on the 2, 3 and 4 reels awards 3 free spins. The FREE SPINS symbol appears only on 2, 3 and 4 reels in main game and does not appear on 1 and 5 reels. In free spins, if scattered gold nugget symbol appears anywhere on reel will be collected and accumulated in the scatter bucket chain. When one or more scatters are collected in spin and the total number of scatters accumulated are less than 20, the number of free spins will reset to 3. A maximum of 20 scatters can be accumulated in free spins and further scatters will be forfeited. The scatter pay is awarded at the end of the free spins, based on the number of scatters accumulated in the scatter bucket between 4 and 20 along with the line wins. Free Spins cannot be re-triggered. Browser Button Panel Commands: Click on Game Rules to view the detailed rules of the game as web page. Click on Game Logs to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on Real /Play to switch between real-money or play-money mode. Click on the Deposit button to deposit money into your account. The Game Logs functionality is applicable only for the real-money game play. FAQ’s: 1. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the main game, you will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game Logs' button once you have logged back in Desktop. If you are disconnected in the middle of the feature round, you will be prompted to complete it after logging back in. After completing the feature, you can continue game play, or you can select another game of your choice. 2. What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Click on ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit in Desktop. Go to the Cashier option $ and deposit in mobile. 3. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Service team. Last modification date: 5/13/2022