Gangsta City Slot Game Objective: Gangsta City Slot is a 68-payline, 5-reel slot game with 3 symbols on either side and 4 symbols on middle reels. When 3 or more bonus symbols appear on reel view, the Bonus game is activated and players have the chance to get anyone of 4 bonus games. Free spins cannot be re-triggered within free spins. Wanted levels will award one extra re-spin to the player during a regular game. Game Information: The game is played with 68 fixed lines. When you enter the game a default total bet is set. The total BET is number of lines multiplied by the selected BET/LINE Value. The BET VALUE can be changed using the button and changing the bet per line slider. SPIN can be triggered by clicking on the Spin button with the currently selected BET. Payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE. Payline wins are multiplied by the amount ‘bet per line’ and gets added to other payline wins. The highest win amount is paid on each selected payline. Coinciding wins on different bet lines are all added to your total. All symbols except bonus pay from left to right. Payouts for highest paying symbol (car) will be paid if 5 wilds appear on a payline. Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except bonus symbol and only highest win amount will be paid. The ticker messages will appear at the bottom of game screen. Whenever there is a win, the total BALANCE will update, and the amount won in the spin is shown in the WIN bar at the bottom of the game. The game and game rules are identical in both the real-money and play-money modes, except that Auto Spin option will not be available in play-money mode . How to play: Spin: Click on the Spin button to start the game. The SPIN button is available at the bottom of the game screen in portrait mode and at the right side of the game screen in landscape mode Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet is set. You can alter the bet per line by clicking on and changing the Bet per Line meter as shown below. MAX BET: Slide on MAX BET to select the maximum possible bet. If your balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled. AUTOSPIN:You can make use of this feature to select various options for 'hands free' game play. To make use of the ‘AUTOSPIN’ feature, tap on the button. When the Auto Spin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you would like to play with. Tap on ‘OK’ to activate the selected options and start the spins. The available options under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will spin for the number of rotations selected from the Number of Spins Meter. You can choose maximum of 1,000 spins and play until your balance is more than the total bet placed. For UK Player with UKGC player the number of spins available will be 100. Spin till Win equals or exceeds: The game will spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount entered in the text box. Spin till Loss not exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the loss limit is reached. Loss will be calculated with (Loss = Total bets - Total wins) Total bets=accumulated total bets Total wins=accumulated total wins (((Total bets- Total wins) + current game bet) <= Loss limit target) then next auto spin will be allowed.” When playing with multiple options and conditions selected, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others and the remaining selected conditions will be disabled. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again or opt for new option(s) and proceed with the game. Tap on the STOP SPIN button to deactivate AUTOSPIN and the normal game will be restored. Tap on menu icon to view the option like paytable, Bet settings, Autoplay, Settings button, i button and cashier. Tap on the ‘Lobby’ option to navigate back to lobby screen. Tap on the 'PAYTABLE' option to view Paytable screen. Tap on the button to go back to the game play. Tap on the ‘Sound’ icon to play the game music and vice versa. Tap on the ‘Cashier’ option to navigate to deposit screen. Tap anywhere on the screen to come out from the options. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount you wagered on the previous spin. Just click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. To change your bet, increase or decrease the COIN VALUE. ­All winning symbols will be animated in addition to jackpot location animation and background animations. The total win amount is shown in the WIN meter at the bottom of the screen. CREDITS: Your remaining game balance, after you have placed the desired bet, is shown in ‘BALANCE’ meter i.e. the current game balance minus the total bet placed. Tap on ‘Quick Spin’ icon to reduce the time of the spin. Game Rules: Players can play the game with 68 fixed paylines. Payouts are made according to the paytable. The total BET is 68 times selected BET/LINE. SPIN begins the game with currently selected BET and 68 fixed paylines. Payline wins are multiplied by the amount ‘bet per line’. The highest win amount is paid on each selected payline. Coinciding wins on different bet lines are all added to your total win. All symbols pay from left to right. The payout for highest paying symbol (car) will be paid if 5 Wilds appear on a payline. Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except bonus symbol and only highest win amount will be paid. If three or more bonus symbols appear on reel view, Bonus round will be triggered. Whenever there is a win, the total BALANCE will update, and the amount won in the spin is shown in the WIN bar at the bottom of the game. The game and game rules are identical in both the real-money and play-money modes, except that Auto spin option will not be available in play-money mode. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. To make use of the ‘AUTOSPIN’ feature, tap on the button. When the Auto Spin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you would like to play with. Tap on ‘OK’ to activate the selected options and start the spins. The available options under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will spin for the number of rotations selected from the Number of Spins Meter. You can choose maximum of 1,000 spins and play until your balance is more than the total bet placed. For UK Player with UKGC player the number of spins available will be 100. Spin till Win equals or exceeds: The game will spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount entered in the text box. Spin till Loss not exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the loss limit is reached. Loss will be calculated with (Loss = Total bets - Total wins) Wanted Level Feature: Players can get a phone call after completing a spin and the possible outcomes are: Let’s Go : 1 extra re- spin is awarded to the player. Not Today :No re-spin is awarded. During re-spin, the reels are modified based on the current Wanted level. Wanted level progress can be viewed by clicking the stars under the wanted text on top left corner of the game. Wanted level progress has 5 levels: Hood Rat, Thug, Captain, Mafia Boss, The Don. The Bonus symbol will not appear during the Wanted levels 1, 2, 3 and 4. Wanted levels earned by the player are cleared whenever the game is reloaded/disconnected. Hood Rat: After a re-spin, randomly a Cigarette burns the symbols (A, K, Q, J) to Wilds. Players then move to the next level after all the boxes/bars are filled in current level. Thug: After a re-spin, a Baseball Bat changes one complete reel to Wilds. All wins during Thug level are multiplied by 3. Players then move to the next level after all the boxes/bars are filled in current level. Captain: After are-spin, a Machine Gun shoots 1 or 2 symbols to Wild on reel s 1, 2 and 3 in random positions . All wins during Captain level are multiplied by 3. Players then move to the next level after all the boxes/bars are filled in current level. Mafia Boss: After a re-spin, a Revolver shoots randomly any one of the Q, K, A, Dog and t hief Symbols which will be changed to gigantic symbols on reel 2, 3 and 4. All wins during Mafia Boss level are multiplied by 3. Players then move to the next level after all the boxes/bars are filled in current level. The Don: During are-spin, Roses will lock on reels 1 and 2 as Bonus symbols. If a bonus symbol appears on any of the reels 3, 4 or 5 the Bonus feature is triggered. No payouts are awarded for any symbol during this re-spin. Players continue to stay in The Don level till the active session is closed/disconnected. Bonus Feature: 3 or more symbols appearing anywhere will trigger the Bonus feature. After clicking on the Start button, bonus is awarded based on the stop position of the navigator. The bonus round cannot re-trigger within any bonus round. Bonus games (features) are played at the lines and bet of the triggering spin. All winnings during bonus games are added to your total winnings. South Side Spins: Choose one of the briefcases to reveal 6, 9 or 12 free spins. For every free spin, an additional re-spin is awarded. During this re-spin reels 1 & 5 are locked and reels 2, 3 and 4 will spin. West Side Turf wars: A city map is shown with eight “?” marks for player to choose one by one till Collect appears. All region wins add up to total winnings. Helicopter Wilds: 10 free spins are awarded to the player. For every free spin, a helicopter will appear and shoot 1 or 2 symbols to Wild on reels 1, 2 or 3. All payouts in this bonus game are multiplied by 3. Freespins Town: 5 free spins are awarded. Reels 2, 3 and 4 will be locked with any one gigantic symbol per spin. All payouts in this bonus game are multiplied by 3. Car & Wild symbols will not be gigantic symbol in this bonus game . Return to the player: The theoretical return to player for this game is in between 93.15% to 95.14% increasing with higher wanted levels. Game History: Gameplay history can be accessed by logging into your account on the desktop website and choosing menu “Game logs” inside any game. FAQ’s: 1. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game logs' button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected in the middle of the feature round, you will be prompted to complete it after logging back in. After completing the feature round, you can continue game play, or you can select another game of your choice. 2. What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Click on ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit. 3. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. 4. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Service team. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/4/2020