Galacticos Game Objective: Galacticos is a 5-reel, 3-row slot game featuring the Galactic Wild with re-spins, and win both ways. You win based on the combination of symbols displayed on the selected winning payline(s). The ‘PAYTABLE’ shown below is indicative only. The dynamic Paytable in the game will always show the respective symbol payout amounts for the currently selected bet on 10 fixed paylines. Game Information: Game is played with 10 fixed number of lines. When you enter the game a default total bet is set. The total BET is Number of Fixed lines multiplied by the selected BET/LINE. BET/LINE can be changed by using the and buttons. SPIN can be triggered by clicking on the Spin button with the current selected BET. Payouts are displayed on the PAYTABLE. Paytable will always show the respective symbol payout amounts for the currently selected bet on 10 fixed paylines . Coinciding wins on different bet lines are all added to your total. All winning combinations on an active bet line from either leftmost to right and/or rightmost to left is paid. Line Pays are from both left and right except for 5 of a kind (With or without wild substitution), which is paid only once. The Ticker messages will appear on the bottom of game screen. Whenever there is a win, the total BALANCE will update, and the amount won in the spin is shown in the WIN bar at the bottom of the game. The game and game rules are identical in both the real-money and play-money modes, except that Auto spin option will not be available in play-money mode. How to play: Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet/line is set for all 10 lines on the slot machine. You can increase the bet/line by clicking the button to the right of 'BET/LINE', or you can decrease the bet/line by clicking the button to the left. Bet will not get adjusted to the next possible bet, if your balance drops below total bet placed, then click on button shown at the bottom of the game screen. LINES: 10 lines are fixed by default. MAX BET: To play with MAX BET, click on . If your balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled. The number of lines are multiplied by the 'BET/LINE'. The total bet amount is displayed below the 'BET' label, which can be found at the bottom of the game screen. Paytable: The Paytable can be viewed by clicking button located below the WIN STUDIOS logo. The prizes displayed in the Paytable are per unit bet, and this game has dynamic Paytable and payouts shown in the Paytable are multiplied with the bet. You can go back to the game by clicking on the button on the Paytable screen or by pressing the button Paytable screen or by click on the spin button. Spin: Click on SPIN icon to start spinning the reels. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines will be paid according to the Paytable. Result: Wins are indicated by yellow color boxes and animated symbols inside it, with the total win amount being shown at the bottom of the screen below 'WIN'. Volume: icon will play the game music. Click on icon will mute the volume . AUTO SPIN: You can use this feature to choose all or any of the various options for 'hands free' game play. The available options under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will spin for the number of rotations selected from the slider menu. You can choose a maximum of 50 spins and play until your balance is more than the total bet placed. Spin till Win equals or exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the win amount is equals or exceeds the amount entered. Spin till feature trigger: The game will automatically spin until the next feature is triggered. To make use of the Auto spin feature, click on the 'AUTOSPIN' button in the bottom of the game screen. When the Auto spin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Select from the drop-down menu where applicable. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Similarly, click on Stop Auto spin button to stop the AUTO SPIN feature and return to the game screen. When playing with multiple options and conditions selected, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be disabled. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again or opt for new option(s) and proceed with the game. 'AUTO SPIN' option will be disabled in the play-money mode. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount you wagered on the previous spin. Just click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. ­To change your bet, increase or decrease the Bet shown on the game screen. Credits: After you have placed the desired bet, your remaining game balance is shown under ‘BALANCE’. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the ‘BALANCE’ meter and the 'BET' meter. Your game balance is shown at the bottom of the game screen. Game Settings: To make use of Game Settings, click on the Game Settings button at the bottom of the game screen in between Paytable and Sound icons. Volume: Player can set the volume of the sound effects by sliding through the Volume button. Sound effects: Toggle between on / off to enable or disable the game win animation sounds. Ambient sound: Toggle between on / off to enable or disable the game background sound. Quick Spin: By checking this option, game play is faster than the regular spin. Spacebar to spin: By checking this option, Spacebar key can be used to trigger a spin. Game Rules: You can play 10 fixed bet lines at different bet values. The spin button plays the game with current bet value. MAX BET plays the game with maximum bet value. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE. Paytable will always show the win amount for the currently selected bet on 10 fixed paylines. Galactic Wild symbols substitute for all symbols. All winning combinations on an active bet line from either leftmost to right and/or rightmost to left are paid. Line Pays are from both left and right except for 5 of a kind (With or without wild substitution), which is paid only once. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The min bet is $0.10 and max bet is $50.00. The theoretical return to player of this game is 96.78%. Galactic Wild Re-spin Feature: The Galactic Wild symbols can only appear on reels 2, 3 and 4. One or more Galactic Wilds appearing anywhere on reels 2, 3, or 4 activates the Galactic Wild feature. During the Galactic Wild feature, the Galactic Wilds expand to cover the entire reel and remain in place while the other reels re-spin. If a new Galactic Wild appears during a re-spin, it expands and holds in place together with any previously expanded Galactic Wilds for another re-spin. The Galactic Wild feature ends when no new Galactic Wilds appear during a re-spin. The maximum number of re-spins allowed is 3. Up to 2 additional Galactic Wild symbols can appear after a Galactic Wild activates a re-spin, triggering 1 additional re-spin for each appearing Galactic Wild symbol, indicating that the maximum number of re-spins allowed is 3. Re-spins are played with bet of the triggering spins. Browser Panel Commands: Click on Rules to view the detailed rules of the game as web page. Click on History to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on Real Money/Demo to switch between real-money or play-money mode. Click on Star to add or remove game from your favorites. Click on the Deposit button to deposit money into your account. The History functionality is applicable only for the real-money game play. Return to the player: The theoretical return to player of this game is 96.78%. FAQ’s: 1. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'History' button once you have logged back in. 2. What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Click on ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit. 3. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. 4. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team. Last modification date: 29/06/2020