Gangsta City Slot Game Objective: Gangsta City Slot is a 68-payline, 5-reel slot game with 3 symbols on either side and 4 symbols on middle reels. When 3 or more bonus symbols appear on reel view, the Bonus game is activated and players have a chance to play any one of 4 bonus games. Free spins cannot be re-triggered within free spins. Wanted levels will award one extra re-spin to the player during the regular game. Game Information: The game is played with 68 fixed paylines. When you enter the game, a default total bet is set. The total BET is number of lines multiplied by the selected BET Value. The BET VALUE can be changed by using the and buttons. SPIN can be triggered by clicking on the Spin button with the currently selected BET. Payouts are made according to the PAYTABLE. Payline wins are multiplied by the amount ‘bet per line’ and are added to other payline wins. Only the highest winning combination made with at least one non-wild symbol is awarded on each payline. Coinciding wins on different bet lines are all added to your total. All symbols except for the bonus pay from left to right. Payouts for the highest paying symbol (Car) will be paid if 5 Wilds appear on a payline. The Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except for bonus symbol and only the highest win amount will be paid. Whenever there is a win, the total BALANCE will update and the amount won in the spin will be shown in the WIN bar at the bottom of the game. The game and game rules are identical in both real-money and play-money modes, except that the Auto Spin option will not be available in play-money mode. How to play: Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet value is set for all 68 lines on the slot machine. You can increase the bet value by clicking on the button to the right of 'BET VALUE', or you can decrease the bet value by clicking on the button to the left. The bet will not be adjusted to the next possible bet if your balance drops below total bet placed; instead click on the button shown at the bottom of the game screen. LINES: 68 lines are fixed by default. MAX BET: To play with MAX BET, click on . If your balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled. The number of lines are multiplied by the Bet per Line. The total bet amount is displayed below the 'BET' label, which can be found at the bottom of the game screen. Paytable: The paytable can be viewed either by clicking the button located in bottom of the game screen beside Game Settings and Sound icons or by clicking button on the left side of the game screen. You can go back to the game by clicking on the button in the paytable screen or the area outside of paytable screen. Spin: Click on SPIN icon to start spinning the reels. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines are paid according to the paytable. Result: Wins are indicated by yellow colour boxes and animated symbols inside it, with the total win amount being shown at the bottom of the screen below 'WIN'. Volume: icon will play the game music. Click on icon will mute the volume . AUTO SPIN: You can use this feature to choose all or any of the various options for 'hands free' game play. The available options under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will spin for the number of rotations selected on the slider menu. You can choose maximum of 1,000 spins and play until your balance is more than the total bet placed. For UK players with a UKGC user, the number of spins available will be 100. Spin till Win equals or exceeds: The game will spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount entered in the numeric text box . Spin till Loss not exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the loss limit is reached. Loss will be calculated with (Loss = Total bets - Total wins) Total bets=accumulated total bets Total wins=accumulated total wins (((Total bets- Total wins) + current game bet) <= Loss limit target) then next auto spin will be allowed. If feature trigger: The game will spin until the next feature is triggered. To make use of the Auto spin feature, click on the 'AUTOSPIN' button in the bottom of the game screen. When the Auto spin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Select from the drop-down menu where applicable. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Similarly, click on Stop Auto spin button to stop the AUTO SPIN feature and return to the game screen. When playing with multiple options and conditions selected, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be disabled. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again or opt for new option(s) and proceed with the game. 'AUTO SPIN' option will be disabled in the play-money mode. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount you wagered on the previous spin. Just click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. ­To change your bet, increase or decrease the Bet shown on the game screen. Credits: After you have placed the desired bet, your remaining game balance is shown under ‘BALANCE’. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the ‘BALANCE’ meter and the 'BET' meter. Your game balance is shown at the bottom of the game screen. Game Settings: To make use of Game Settings, click on the Game Settings button at the bottom of the game screen between the paytable and Sound icons. Volume: Players can set the volume of the sound effects by sliding through the Volume button. Sound effects: Toggle between on / off to enable or disable the game win animation sounds. Ambience sound: Toggle between on / off to enable or disable the game background sound. Quick spin: By checking this option,game play is faster than the regular spin and for uk player this option will be in disabled mode. Space bar to spin: Players can use space bar key to spin the game. Game Rules: Players can play the game with 68 fixed paylines. Payouts are made according to the paytable. The total BET is 68 times selected BET/LINE. SPIN begins the game with currently selected BET and 68 fixed paylines. Payline wins are multiplied by the amount ‘bet per line’. Only the highest winning combination made with at least one non-wild symbol is awarded on each payline. Coinciding wins on different bet lines are all added to your total win. All symbols pay from left to right. Payout for highest paying symbol (car) will be paid if 5 wilds appear on a payline. Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except bonus symbol and only highest win amount will be paid. If three or more bonus symbols appear on reel view, the Bonus round will be triggered. Whenever there is a win, the total BALANCE will update and the amount won in the spin is shown in the WIN bar at the bottom of the game. The game and game rules are identical in both the real-money and play-money modes, except that the Auto Spin option will not be available in play-money mode. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. Wanted Level Feature: Player can get a phone call after completing a spin and the possible outcomes are: Let’s Go: 1 extra re- spin is awarded to the player. Not Today: No re-spin is awarded. During a re-spin, the reels are modified based on the current Wanted level. Wanted level progress can be viewed by clicking the stars under the wanted text on top left corner of the game. Wanted level progress has 5 levels: Hood Rat, Thug, Captain, Mafia Boss, The Don. The Bonus symbol will not appear during the Wanted levels 1, 2, 3 and 4. Wanted levels earned by the player are cleared whenever the game is reloaded/disconnected. Hood Rat: After a re-spin, a Cigarette randomly burns the symbols (A, K, Q, J) to Wild. Players then move to the next level after all the boxes/bars are filled in current level. Thug: After a re-spin, a Baseball Bat changes one complete reel to Wilds. All wins during Thug level are multiplied by 3. Players then move to the next level after all the boxes/bars are filled in current level. Captain: After a re-spin, a Machine Gun shoots 1 or 2 symbols to Wild on reel s 1, 2 and 3 in random positions . All wins during Captain Level are multiplied by 3. Players then move to the next level after all the boxes/bars are filled in current level. Mafia Boss: After a re-spin, a Revolver shoots randomly any one of the Q, K, A, Dog and Thief symbols which will be changed to gigantic symbols on reel 2, 3 and 4 . All wins during Mafia Boss level are multiplied by 3. Players then move to the next level after all the boxes/bars are filled in current level. The Don: During a re-spin, Roses will lock on reels 1 and 2 as Bonus symbols. If a Bonus symbol appears on any of the reels 3, 4 or 5, the Bonus feature is triggered. No payouts are awarded for any symbol during this re-spin. Players then continue to stay in The Don level until the active session is closed/disconnected. Bonus Feature: 3 or more symbols appearing anywhere will trigger the Bonus Feature. After clicking the Start button, a bonus is awarded based on the stop position of the navigator. The Bonus round cannot re-trigger within any Bonus round. Bonus games (features) are played at the lines and bet of the triggering spin. All winnings during bonus games are added to your total winnings. Free Spins Town: 5 free spins are awarded. Reels 2 ,3 and 4 will be locked with any one gigantic symbol per spin. All payouts in this bonus game are multiplied by 3. Car & Wild symbols will not be gigantic symbol in this bonus game . West Side Turf wars: A city map is shown with eight “?” marks for player to choose one by one until Collect appears. All region wins add up to total winnings. Helicopter Wilds: 10 free spins are awarded to the player. For every free spin, a helicopter will appear and shoot 1 or 2 symbols to Wild on reels 1,2 or 3. All payouts in this bonus game are multiplied by 3. South Side Spins: Choose one of the briefcases to reveal 6, 9 or 12 free spins. For every free spin, an additional re-spin is awarded. During this re-spin, reels 1 & 5 are locked and reels 2, 3 and 4 will spin. Browser Panel Commands: Click on Responsible Gaming to navigate to the Responsible Gaming page. Click on Game Rules to view game rules of the game. Click on Game logs to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on the Deposit button to add funds to your account. Click on Real/Play to switch between real-money or play-money game modes. The Game logs functionality is applicable only for the real-money game play. Return to the player: The theoretical return to player for this game is in between 93.15% to 95.14% increasing with higher wanted levels. FAQ’s: 1. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game logs' button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected in the middle of the feature round, you will be prompted to complete it after logging back in. After completing the feature round, you can continue game play or you can select another game of your choice. 2. What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Click on ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit. 3. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. 4. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Service team. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000