Going Nuts Objective: Going Nuts is a five-reel, thirty-payline Jackpot slot game with a Free Spins feature. When three or more Scattered Going Nuts logo appear anywhere in view, the feature screen is displayed and the player is required to click on random number of acorns, each of which reveals a random number of free spins or a random free spins multiplier. The Free Spins feature cannot be retriggered within free spins. The Big One Jackpot The Big One Jackpot consists of five jackpots at different levels; the levels are - from the lowest to the highest – the Blitz Cash Jackpot, the Quick Cash Jackpot, the Super Cash Jackpot, the Mega Cash Jackpot and the Colossal Cash Jackpot. All five jackpots grow progressively as bets are made. For each spin, the house adds a small credit to each of the five running jackpots. All five levels in TheBigOne Jackpot can be won irrespective of hitting any winning combination, while betting any amount. The jackpot is triggered randomly. The larger the bet, the higher your chances of cracking the jackpot will be. Free spins cannot trigger jackpots. If there is a jackpot which has been triggered during the base game and also triggers free Spins, the jackpot feature is played and shown after the Free Spins feature play. If there is a jackpot which has been triggered during the base game and which has wild expansion, the jackpot feature is played and shown after the wild expansion. Information: The theoretical return to player of this game is 93.91%. The game is played with 30 fixed lines. The betting limits are shown in the game screen title bar. The game and game rules are identical in both real-money and play-for-fun modes. Play-for-fun mode does not contribute to the jackpot. How to play: When you enter the game, a default total bet is set. BET: you can change the bet per line by clicking on the “+” or “-” buttons between the BET PER LINE field. SPIN: click on Spin to start spinning the reels. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations will be paid according to the paytable. Click on MAX BET to select the maximum possible bet and lines. 'AUTOSPIN': You can use this feature to choose all or any of the various options for 'hands free' game play. The available options under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will automatically spin for the number of spins selected from the drop-down menu. You can choose any number of games and play until your balance is less than the total bet placed. Spin till win equals or exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the win amount is equals or exceeds the amount entered. Spin till loss not exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the loss amount not exceeds the amount entered. Spin till feature trigger: The game will automatically spin until the next feature is triggered. Similarly, click on 'X' to skip the ‘AUTOSPIN’ feature and return to the game screen. Please note: the 'AUTOSPIN' option is not available in play-for-fun mode. The total win amount is shown in the WIN window at the bottom right of the screen. Your remaining game balance is shown near the BALANCE meter at the bottom left of the screen. Browser Button Panel Commands: Click on Game Rules via the Menu button to view the detailed rules of the game as web page. Click on Game Logs via the Menu button to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on Responsible Gaming via the Menu button to open the Responsible Gaming page. Click on Real\Play to switch between real- and play-money modes. Click on Star to add or remove game from your favourites. Click on the Deposit button to deposit money into your account. Rules: Click on the ? button at the bottom of the screen to navigate to the game rules. Use scroll to navigate through all game help information. Game Rules: Play 30 lines. LINES cannot be changed. The BET amount can be changed by using the “+” or “-” buttons. SPIN begins the game with the currently selected BET and all 30 lines. MAX BET selects maximum bet for 30 lines. Payouts are displayed in the PAYTABLE. Payline wins are multiplied by the amount bet per line. The highest win amount is paid on each highlighted payline. Coinciding wins on different highlighted lines are all added to your total. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet and added to payline wins. All wins occur on pay lines, except for the Scattered Going Nuts logo which pays anywhere in view. Feature wins are added to the game balance. The Wild symbol is the acorn (The Going Nuts Acorn) and triggers the Wild Tree feature. When the Wild lands on a reel, there is an animation where an acorn at the bottom of the screen sprouts a tree which grows across the reels. Leaves and acorns randomly appear on those symbols which will be turned Wild symbols, except for scatter symbols. The Going Nuts Acorn Wild symbol can appear on reels 1, 2, 3, 4 or 5 and substitutes for all other symbols and works only in conjunction with all other symbols, except for the Scattered Going Nuts logo. The minimum number of symbols that can be turned in to Wilds is 2 including the triggered Wild and the maximum number of symbols that can be turned in to Wild is 12 including the triggered Wild during base game and free spins when the Wild expands on the reels. If The Going Nuts Acorn Wild symbol and three or more Scattered Going Nuts logos appear anywhere in view, the scatter win is paid first and then the Wild expansion will be shown followed by the Free Spins feature. Only one Wild (Acorn) symbol can appear in one spin. Payline wins are paid only after WILD expansion. Wild expansion can also occur during free spins. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. Features: Jackpot game: When TheBigOne Jackpot is cracked, a message is displayed in the main game screen as "TheBigOne Jackpot Feature" and the ticker area below the five reels shows the message "Congratulations, you're in to the Jackpot Game". The main screen then changes to jackpot screen in which all the jackpots and their values are listed in the left area and a wheel is displayed in the right area. There are five different jackpots, each of which has a unique colour. All five colours are shown on the wheel. The orange colour represents the Blitz Cash Jackpot. The red colour represents the Quick Cash Jackpot. The blue colour represents the Super Cash Jackpot. The green colour represents the Mega Cash Jackpot. The lavender colour represents the Colossal Cash Jackpot. The SPIN button is shown on top of the wheel. By clicking on the SPIN button, the wheel rotates and stops at a particular colour and the respective jackpot is awarded. When a particular jackpot is cracked, a pop-up is shown on the jackpot screen which displays the type of jackpot and the amount awarded. By clicking on ‘OK’ in the pop-up, it navigates to main game screen. If multiple jackpots are cracked at the same time, upon clicking 'OK' in the pop-up, the 'SPIN’ button on jackpot screen is enabled to continue further game play. The 'Tick here to disable wheel spin' checkbox will be shown at the bottom of the pop-up when any of the five jackpots is cracked. If a player checks the option, the player will not be taken to the jackpot feature screen when the jackpot is triggered the next time. Instead, the player will be shown the jackpot winning pop-up on the main game screen with this option checked. You can see the current values of all five jackpots in the right area of the Going Nuts main game screen and also by clicking on the Total Casino Jackpots displayed in the bottom-left corner of the casino main lobby. The larger your wager, the higher your chances of cracking the jackpot will be. FREE SPINS feature: The Going Nuts Free Spins feature is triggered when three or more Scattered Going nuts logo appear anywhere in view. Press on ‘Play’ button to start the feature. An acorn tree will grow containing 15 nuts to pick. Players must click on a random number of acorns to win free spins and free spin multipliers. You will be awarded multiple picks until the fox appears and chases you away. The Number of Free Spin and Multiplier are shown with continue button. After clicking continue button, free spin game starts. Once the feature is completed, the results are published with the 'Collect' button. By clicking on the ‘Collect’ button, the game returns to main game screen. All wins during free spins are multiplied by the free spins multiplier awarded. The number of free spins and free spins multipliers awarded are random. Maximum number of free spins that can be awarded is 50 and maximum multiplier that can be awarded in free spins is 8. The Free Spins feature cannot be re-triggered during free spins. Free spins are played at the same bet of the triggering spin. Feature wins are added to the game balance. If the Going Nuts Acorn Wild symbol appears during the free spins, the Wild expansion is played and followed by the line payouts, and then the free spins continue. Paytable: The PAYTABLE can be viewed by clicking on the “I” button. All symbols pay from left to right, except for the Scattered GOING NUTS symbol which pays anywhere in view. Paylines: Adding funds to your account To add funds to your account, click on ‘DEPOSIT’ in the 'Cashier' menu, then select the desired deposit option (play anywhere clients) or click on 'DEPOSIT' in the 'Cashier' option on left panel in main lobby or click on ‘QUICK DEPOSIT’ button to deposit money into your account. What do I do if I reach my betting limits? To add funds to your account, click on the “DEPOSIT” option in the “Cashier” menu in the main lobby (play anywhere clients) or click on “DEPOSIT” in the “Cashier” option on left panel in main lobby, then select the desired deposit option (download clients) or click on the “QUICK DEPOSIT” button to deposit money into your account. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, or jackpot game the software will automatically complete the game for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game logs' button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected after triggering or in the middle of the bonus or feature, on reconnection, the software will automatically start the Going Nuts Free Spins feature, if not already started, or resume from where it was disconnected. After completing the free spins, you can resume playing the same game or you can select another game of your choice. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Service team. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 11/3/2020