HOTSPOT ROULETTE HOTSPOT ROULETTE Game Objective: The objective of the game is to guess the outcome of the roulette spin (whether the right number or the right group). Roulette is played using a wheel with 37 numbered slots (1-36, plus a 0), a ball and a layout upon which the player may place bets covering a single number or groups of numbers. After the player places the desired bets, the ball is spun around the wheel and will come to rest in one of the numbered slots, indicating the winning number/ group. How to Play: Select the amount you want to wager by tapping on the chip of that denomination. The selected chip will be raised. All possible bet types are defined in the Paytable section. Player may place as many bets as player like, depending on the type of bets or the maximum table limit. To remove a chip from the table, click on UNDO or CLEAR buttons. Information on player available game balance and total bet amount is shown. Once player have finished placing bets, spin the wheel by tapping on the ‘SPIN’ button. When the ball comes to rest, the winning number is highlighted on the wheel. When player hit the SPIN or REBET/SPIN , the ball will spin on the wheel. The win amount is calculated as per the Paytable given, and winnings are shown in Win meter. Win amount is added to the game balance. After the ball stops, number will be displayed over the spinning wheel. The last 5 winning numbers are shown in the bottom part of the screen, with the most recent outcomes to the left. After the game finishes, the default chip size for the new game remains the same as your previous bet. If you want to place a new bet, tap on the desired betting spots and place the bet. To repeat the same bet, tap the REBET button. To double your bet and spin the wheel, tap the DOUBLE/SPIN button. To repeat the same bet and spin the wheel, tap the REBET/SPIN button. Neighbours: There is the ability to place continuous 3/5/7/9/11 numbers/VOISINS DU ZERO/ORPHELINS/TIER bets by pressing on the ‘NEIGHBOURS’ tab on the right side of the screen. Tap on the Paytable button from the game menu on the top right of the game screen to view the game rules. To switch on or off the sound in the game, tap on the Sound button located at the right top corner of the screen in the game menu. There is the ability to enable/disable the ‘drag to bet’ feature in the game through the MENU button. Turbo-mode: There is the ability to turn off/on animation in the game through the MENU button. HotSpot Feature: HotSpot Feature wins will be applicable only for Straight Up bets. Each time the wheel spins, 1 to 6 Roulette numbers will be selected along with a multiplier between X50 and X500. The 1-6 “HotSpot” numbers will be shown both on the felt and also next to the Roulette wheel. If the winning Roulette number is covered by a “HotSpot” multiplier the increased odds shown will be paid instead of the normal Straight Up amount. The multiplier awarded will be randomly selected from x50, x75, x100, x125, x200 and x500. Bet Limits: There is a maximum bet limit for each type of bet, as well as an overall table maximum limit. Table Maximum limit - The total amount of bets placed before each spin must be less-than or equal-to the Maximum bet requirements posted on the table. The maximum bet limit for each type of bet is described in the table below: Bet Opportunity Maximum Bet Straight 250 CAD Split 500 CAD Street 750 CAD Corner 1000 CAD 6-line 1500 CAD Column/Dozen 3000 CAD Even chances 4500 CAD Neighbours Table: The Neighbours Table view can be accessed by clicking the NEIGHBOURS button shown on the right side of the game view. The Neighbours Table allows you to make several types of bets that are unavailable on the Betting Table. These special bets are: TIER ORPHELINS VOISINS DU ZERO There are 5 numbered NEIGHBOURS buttons that can be selected and then click on a number on the table to bet on that number and the numbers Neighboring it to the left and the right. Examples: 1. Clicking the NEIGHBOURS button labelled 1 and then clicking on the number 2 on the table will place bets on the number 2 and the numbers to the immediate left and right of 2 (25 on the left and 21 on the right). 2. Clicking the NEIGHBOURS button labelled 4 and then clicking on the number 2 on the table will place bets on the numbers 2 and 4 numbers that are to the immediate left and 4 numbers that are to the immediate right of 2 (25, 17, 34, 6 on the left and 21, 4, 19, 15 on the right). Clicking on TIER, ORPHELINS and VOISINS DU ZERO will place special bets, as detailed in the Paytable section below. Click the SPIN button to start the game once the bets are placed. The Roulette Wheel: Clicking SPIN after making a bet will spin the ball in the Roulette wheel. The wheel is spun in one direction and a ball is spun on the wheel in the opposite direction. The ball will land in one of the slots. If the ball lands in a slot where the bet is placed, Win will be awarded accordingly. Bet Types and Paytable: When the player wins, the bet amount plus the payout amount is paid. Coinciding wins resulting from different bet types are also paid. Bet Type Covers Description Payout Straight 1 number A bet placed directly on any single number (including 0). 29:1 Split 2 numbers A bet between any two adjacent numbers by placing the chip on the line between them. 17:1 Street 3 numbers A bet placed at the end of any row of numbers, covering three numbers. Basket Bets placed on ‘0, 1, 2’, ‘0, 2, 3’ are also considered to be street bets. 11:1 Corner bet or square bet or Quarter bet 4 numbers A bet placed on the corner where any four numbers meet covers all four numbers. 8:1 Topline 4 numbers A bet placed between the adjacent streets of "zero" and "1". This bet covers four numbers: 0,1, 2, and 3. 8:1 Line 6 numbers A bet placed at the end of two streets, on the line between them. A line bet covers all six numbers in the streets. (e.g. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6). 5:1 Dozen 12 numbers A bet placed in one of the boxes marked ‘1st 12’, ‘2nd 12’ or ‘3rd 12’, which each cover 12 numbers. 2:1 Column 12 numbers A bet placed in one of the boxes marked ‘2 to 1’ at the bottom of the layout, each covering 12 numbers per column. 2:1 Red Black Even Odd 1 to 18 19 to 36 18 numbers A bet placed in one of the six boxes at the sides of the layout covers half of the nonzero numbers on the board, as described in that box. The 0 is not covered by any of these boxes. Each box covers 18 numbers 1:1 Red/black, Even/odd, 1-18/ 19-36, and the ball falls in the 0. 18 numbers A bet placed in one of the six boxes at the sides of the layout covers half of the nonzero numbers on the board, as described in that box. The 0 is not covered by any of these boxes. Each box covers 18 numbers No Payout Bet Type Description Payout TIER This bet type places split bets on 5/8, 10/11, 13/16, 23/24, 27/30 and 33/36. 17:1 ORPHELINS Split bets placed on 31/34, 17/20, 14/17, 6/9 and a straight bet placed on number 1 together constitute the Orphelins bet. 17:1 for Split, 29:1 for Straight VOISINS DU ZERO This bet type places split bets on 32/35, 19/22, 18/21, 12/15, 4/7, 2 chips on a street bet 0, 2 and 3, and 2 chips on corner bet 25/26/28/29. 17:1 for Split, 11:1 for Street, 8:1 for Corner NEIGHBOUR BET There is an option to select 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 numbers as Neighbours. When a bet is placed on a number, the number and 1/2/3/4/5 numbers on either side are selected. These numbers together constitute the Neighbor bet. 29:1 Game Information: The game and game rules are identical in both the real-money and play-money modes. Game Options: Help: To view the artwork game rules of the game. Sound: To switch on or off game sounds. Settings: To access Turbo Mode and Drag to Bet settings. Settings: Turbo Mode: To turn off/on animation in the game. Drag to bet: To enable/disable the ‘drag to bet’ feature in the game. Browser Panel Commands: Click on Responsible Gaming to navigate to the Responsible Gaming page. Click on Game Rules to view game rules of the game. Click on Game Logs to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on the Deposit button to add funds to your account. Click on Real/Play to switch between real-money or play-money game modes. The Game logs functionality is applicable only for the real-money gameplay Statistics window: Game Statistics enable you to view your previous results. The statistics window displays the last 5 results. The statistics window indicates red results with numbers in the red square, black results with numbers in the black square and results of 0 in the green square. Return to the player: The theoretical return to the player of the main game is at least 97.19%. The theoretical return to the player for Hotspot winning is 95.23%. Malfunction voids all pay and plays. Game History: Detailed gameplay history can be accessed by logging into your account on the desktop website and choosing the menu 'Game Logs'. Adding Funds to your Account: To add funds to your account, click on Deposit in My Account then select the desired deposit option. The time taken to transfer funds and the fees charged will vary depending on which deposit option you choose. Funds can only be added at the beginning of a new game. What do I do if I reach my betting limits? To add funds to your account, click on the “DEPOSIT” button in the browser common panel, then select the desired deposit option. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If player get disconnected from Hotspot Roulette game just after clicking on spin button, Player will be prompted to complete the game after logging back in. If player is disconnected after revealing the hotspot number, player will be taken to new game and player can view the results of previous game by selecting game logs option.