Hotspot Roulette Game Objective: The objective of Hot Spot Roulette game is to accurately guess the outcome of the roulette spin (whether the right number or the right group). Roulette is played using a wheel with 38 numbered slots (1-36, plus a 0 and 00), a ball and a layout upon which the player may place bets covering a single number or groups of numbers. After the player places the desired bets, the ball is spun around the wheel and will come to rest in one of the numbered slots, indicating the winning number/ group. How to Play: Select the amount to wager by tapping on the chip of that denomination. The selected chip will be raised. All possible bet types are defined in Paytable section. Player may place as many bets as they like, depending on the type of bets or the maximum table limit. To remove a chip from the table, click on UNDO or CLEAR buttons. Information on game balance and total amount bet is shown in respective area. Once player finished placing bets, spin the wheel by tapping on the ‘SPIN’ button. When the ball comes to rest, the winning number is highlighted on the wheel. On clicking SPIN or REBET/SPIN , the ball will spin on the wheel. The win amount is calculated as per the Paytable given, and winnings are shown in a Win meter which comes up when there is a win. This win amount is added to the game balance. After the ball stops, the number will be displayed over the spinning wheel. The last 5 winning numbers are shown in the bottom part of the screen, with the most recent outcomes to the left. After the game finishes, the default chip value for the new game remains the same as your previous bet. To place a new bet, tap on the desired betting spots and place the bet. To repeat the same bet, tap the REBET button. To repeat the same bet and spin the wheel, tap on REBET/SPIN button. Tap on the Paytable button from the game menu on the top right of the game screen to view the game rules. To switch on or off sound in the game, tap on Sound button that is located at the right top corner of the screen in the game menu. There is the ability to enable/disable ‘drag to bet’ feature in the game through MENU button. Turbo-mode : There is the ability to turn off/on option in the game through MENU button. The table cover indicator shows the percentage of the Roulette wheel covered by the placed bets. Hot Spot Feature: Hot Spot Feature wins will be applicable only for Straight Up bets. Each time the wheel spins, 1 to 6 Roulette numbers will be randomly selected along with a multiplier between X50 and X500. The 1-6 “Hot Spot” numbers will be shown both on the felt and next to the Roulette wheel. If the winning Roulette number is covered by a “Hot Spot” multiplier the increased odds shown will be paid instead of the normal Straight Up amount. The multiplier awarded will be randomly selected from x50, x75, x100, x125, x200 and x500. In case of Hotspot win, player will not be awarded with the normal straight up payout. When hotspot number is matching with the straight bet placed by the player, then the multiplier shown below the hotspot number will be multiplied with the bet placed. Example: If straight bet of $1 is placed on 3, and if the Hotspot number displayed is also 3 with 50X multiplier then player will be awarded with $50, i.e. 50(random multiplier) *1(bet placed on straight number) Bet Limits: There is a maximum bet limit for each type of bet, as well as an overall table maximum limit. Table Maximum limit - The total amount of bets placed before each spin must be less-than or equal-to the Maximum bet requirements posted on the table. Maximum bet limit for each type of bet is described in table below: Bet Opportunity Maximum Bet Straight 250 USD Split 500USD Street 750 USD Corner 1000 USD 6-line 1500 USD Column/dozen 3000 USD Even chances 4500 USD Neighbors Table: The Neighbors Table view can be accessed by clicking NEIGHBORS button shown on the right side of the game view. There are 5 numbered NEIGHBORS buttons that can be selected and then click on a number on the table to bet on that number and the numbers Neighboring it to the left and the right. Examples: 1. Clicking the NEIGHBORS button labelled 1 and then clicking on the number 2 on the table will place bets on the number 2 and the numbers to the immediate left and right of 2 ( 14 on the left and 0 on the right). 2. Clicking the NEIGHBORS button labelled 4 and then clicking on the number 2 on the table will place bets on the number 2 and 4 numbers that are to the immediate left and 4 numbers that are to the immediate right of 2 (4, 23, 35, 14 on the left and 0, 28, 9, 26 on the right). Click SPIN button to start the game once the bets are placed. The Roulette Wheel: Clicking SPIN after making a bet will spin the ball in the Roulette wheel. The wheel is spun in one direction and a ball is spun on the wheel in the opposite direction. The ball will land in one of the slots. If the ball lands in a slot where bet is placed, Win will be awarded accordingly. Bet Types and Pay table: The game awards the bet amount plus the payout amount. Coinciding wins resulting from different bet types are also paid. Bet Type Covers Description Payout Straight 1 number A bet placed directly on any single number (including 0). 29:1 Split 2 numbers A bet between any two adjacent numbers by placing the chip on the line between them. 17:1 Street 3 numbers A bet placed at the end of any row of numbers, covering three numbers. Basket Bets placed on ‘0, 1, 2’, ‘0, 2, 3’ are also considered to be street bets. 11:1 Corner bet or square bet or Quarter bet 4 numbers A bet placed on the corner where any four numbers meet covers all four numbers. 8:1 Five ways bet 5 numbers A bet placed between the adjacent streets of 'zero' and ‘1'. This bet covers five numbers: 0,00,1, 2, and 3. 6:1 Line 6 numbers A bet placed at the end of two streets, on the line between them. A line bet covers all six numbers in the streets. (e.g., 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6). 5:1 Dozen 12 numbers A bet placed in one of the boxes marked ‘1st 12’, ‘2nd 12’ or ‘3rd 12’, which each cover 12 numbers. 2:1 Column 12 numbers A bet placed in one of the boxes marked ‘2 to 1’ at the bottom of the layout, each covering 12 numbers per column. 2:1 Red Black Even Odd 1 to 18 19 to 36 18 numbers A bet placed in one of the six boxes at the sides of the layout covers half of the nonzero numbers on the board, as described in that box. The 0 and 00 is not covered by any of these boxes. Each box covers 18 numbers. 1:1 Red/black, Even/odd, 1-18/ 19-36, and the ball falls in the 0 or 00 slot. 18 numbers A bet placed in one of the four boxes at the sides of the layout covers half of the numbers on the board, as described in that box. The 0 and 00 is not covered by any of these boxes. Each box covers 18 numbers. No Payout NEIGHBOR BET There is an option to select 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 numbers as Neighbors. When a bet is placed on a number, the number and 1/2/3/4/5 numbers on either side are selected. These numbers together constitute the Neighbor bet. 29:1 Game Information: The game and game rules are identical in both the real-money and demo modes. Game Options: Help: To view the artwork game rules of the game. Sound: To switch on or off game sounds. Settings: To access Turbo Mode and Drag to Bet settings. Settings: Turbo Mode: To turn off/on option in the game. Drag to bet: To enable/disable ‘drag to bet’ feature in the game. Browser Panel Commands: Click on Rules to view the detailed rules of the game as web page. Click on History to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on Deposit button to add funds to your account. Click on Real Money/Demo to switch to Real-money or Demo mode. Statistics window: Game Statistics enable player to view player’s previous results. The statistics window displays the last 5 results. The statistics window indicates red results with numbers in red square, black results with numbers in black square and result of 0 and 00 in the green square. Return to the player: For the bet types 'Straight', 'Split', 'Street', 'Corner bet or Square bet or Quarter bet’, ‘Line', 'Dozen', 'Column', 'Adjacent Dozen', 'Adjacent Column' RTP is 94.74%. For the bet types 'Five Ways bet' RTP is 92.11%. For the bet types 'Red', 'Blue', 'Even', 'Odd', '1 to 18', '19 to 36', RTP is 94.74%. The theoretical return to the player for Hotspot winning is 95.19%. malfunction voids all pays and plays. Game History: Detailed gameplay history can be accessed by logging into your account on the desktop website and choosing menu 'History'. Adding Funds to your Account: To add funds to your account, click on Deposit in My Account then select the desired deposit option. The time taken to transfer funds and the fees charged will vary depending on which deposit option you choose. Funds can only be added at the beginning of a new game. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If player get disconnected from Hot Spot Roulette game just after clicking on spin button, Player will be prompted to complete the game after logging back in. If player is disconnected after revealing the hot spot number, player will be taken to new game and player can view the results of previous game by selecting History option.