Independence pays Game Objective: Independence Pays is a five-reels slot game with 10 fixed paylines. Symbols pay from left to right. The key feature is to gather Red, White and Blue symbols, either all Bars or all Sevens, across reels 2 3 and 4 in color order. Collecting Red, White Blue as such activates Freespins The Freespins feature is played on 3*3 reel set with 5 fixed paylines. How to play: Setting 'BETS': A default bet is set when a player begins the game. Players can change the bet value in desktop mode by clicking the + or - buttons, and in mobile mode by using the bet slider in the hamburger menu. MAX BET: Click on ‘MAX BET’ to wager the maximum bet. This option will be disabled if the player balance is insufficient. Spin: To begin the game with the presently selected BET, click the SPIN button. In desktop mode, the spin button is in the right side of the screen. However, in mobile mode, it is at the bottom of the screen in portrait view and on the right side of the screen in landscape view. Repeat bet/Change bet: The bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount wagered on the previous spin. Just click on the 'SPIN' button to play with the same bet. Paytable: By clicking on the ‘i’ icon located above the bet panel, Players can access the Paytable screen. Players can return to the game by clicking the close icon on the Paytable screen. In mobile view, players can access the paytable by clicking the hamburger menu and selecting the paytable option. Volume: To mute or unmute the sounds, click on the volume icon. Credits: The remaining game balance is displayed under "BALANCE" after the desired stake has been placed and the reels have spun. The sum of the amounts displayed under the 'BALANCE' meter (includes total bet value) represents the player's current game balance. Game balance field is displayed at the bottom of the game screen. 'AUTO SPIN': Select the AUTOSPIN option for hands-free play. To configure Auto Spins, click on Auto spin button to open the window then select the check boxes /option you’d like to play then Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and begins the spins. Click on the auto spin button to stop the AUTO SPIN feature. The available options under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will spin for the number of rotations selected from the slider menu. You can choose a maximum of 1000 spins and play until the player balance is more than the total bet placed. Spin till Win equals or exceeds : The game will automatically spin until the win amount equals or exceeds the amount keyed in the numeric text box. Spin till feature trigger: The game will automatically spin until the next feature is triggered. When playing with multiple options and conditions selected, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be disabled. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again or opt for new option(s) and proceed with the game. 'AUTO SPIN' option will be disabled in the Demo-money mode. Game Settings: Ambience sound: Turn On / Off the toggle to enable or disable the game level background music. Sound effects: Turn On / Off the toggle to enable or disable the Sound effects like game win animation sounds. Volume: The volume of the sound effects can be adjusted by using a slider. To configure Game Settings, click on the ‘Settings’ icon positioned at the bottom of the game screen between Paytable and Sound icons. Quick spin: On selecting this option, the gameplay is faster than the regular spin. Space bar to spin: On selecting this option, the space bar can be used to initiate a Mobile Options: Tap the Hamburger Menu Icon to view options like Paytable, Bet settings, Settings, “i” icon and Cashier in mobile. Tap the Home option to navigate back to lobby screen. Tap the Paytable option to view Paytable screen. Tap the back button to go back to the game play. Tap the Volume icon to play game music (vice versa). Tap the ‘$’ option to navigate to deposit screen. Game Rules: Independence Pays is a five-reel slot game with 10 fixed paylines. BET value can be changed by using ‘+’ and ‘-’ buttons. Click on the SPIN button to begin the game with currently selected BET and 10 Fixed Lines. Freespins are awarded by collecting Red, White and Blue symbols in order across reels 2 3 and 4. These can be all Bars or all Sevens but must be in color order. All winning symbols pay from left to right. All Pay line wins are multiplied by Bet per Line.All Payouts are made according to the paytable. All pays are shown in USD currency. Coinciding wins on different pay lines are added to the balance. Only the highest win on each payline will be paid. Logging into your account on the desktop website and selecting the option "History" inside any game will allow you to access your game play history. The theoretical return to the player of this game including Jackpot is 94.7727%. The theoretical return to the player of this game excluding Jackpot is 91.77%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Free Spins Feature: The Freespins feature is activated by collecting Red, White and Blue symbols in order across reels 2 3 and 4. These can be all Bars or all Sevens but must be in color order. Players will be awarded 3 Free Spins. Free spins will be played on 3*3 reel set with 5 fixed paylines. 3 Of a kind wins will be paid according to paytable. Jackpot Rules: The Big One jackpot can be triggered anytime, either during normal spin, auto spin or after the Free spin feature game. When player hits a jackpot, game screen then moves to jackpot screen where a Jackpot wheel with list of jackpot names is available. Win amounts for the current jackpot spin are mentioned in the Jackpot table. There are 5 different jackpots, each of which has a unique color. All five jackpots are shown on the wheel. By clicking on the SPIN button, the wheel rotates and stops on any one jackpot name and the respective jackpot amount is awarded. Big One Jackpots have two pools for each jackpot tier, current instance pool and reserve pool During game play a % of the total bet (mentioned below) is contributed towards both the pools Jackpot Name Initial Seed (USD) Instance Contribution % Reserve Contribution % The Big One Colossal Cash $ 1,000,000.00 0.964% 1.25% The Big One Mega Cash $ 10,000.00 0.1% 0.125% The Big One Super Cash $750.00 0.03% 0.015% The Big One Quick Cash $200.00 0.1% 0.1% The Big One Blitz Cash $40.00 0.12% 0.2% Each jackpot starts with initial seed amount. Initial Jackpot seed is funded by “The House”, and the subsequent instances are funded from reserve pool, the amount accumulated in reserve pool becomes the next seed. Big One jackpots are played across multiple games and all games have equal probability of winning the jackpot. A jackpot instance can only won by one player, and this applies for all Jackpot tiers. In-case of network disconnections during the Jackpot wheel feature, jackpot win will be credited to player account balance automatically. The jackpot is triggered randomly. Any bet is eligible for the jackpot. The more you wager the higher the chances of hitting the jackpot. The number of spins awarded in jackpot screen equals the number of jackpots awarded. Only real money play will contribute to the jackpot amount. Jackpot contributions and triggering will not be applicable for games played on "play for fun/demo" mode. The maximum jackpot amount player can get from each of the above jackpot is 10,000,000 USD. Jackpot Contribution/RTP is 3.004%. Browser Button Panel Commands: Click on Rules to view the detailed rules of the game as a web page. Click on History to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on Real Money/Demo to switch between real-money or demo mode. Click on the ‘Deposit’ button to deposit money into your account. FAQ’s: 1. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If player gets disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play. Player will be able to find out the result by clicking on the History button once player logged back. If Player gets disconnected in the middle of feature round, player will be asked to complete the unfinished game once player logged back. 2.What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Click on ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit. 3. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Service team. Last modification date: 6/10/2024