Ice Phoenix Game Objective: Ice Phoenix is a 5x3 reel slot game with 20 fixed lines. The free spins meter, which displays on the right side in Desktop and Landscape and in top of the reel set in portrait mode for mobile devices, shows the number of free spins that are triggered when a single spin has multiple cascading wins. Free Spins feature will trigger when 4 or more cascading wins occur in main game. Extra Free spins will trigger when 3 or more cascading wins occur in free spins. PAYTABLE: Game Information: Game is played with 20 fixed number of lines. A default bet is set on the game. The TOTAL BET is Number of fixed lines multiplied by the bet per line. Bet per Line can be changed by using the and buttons. SPIN can be triggered by clicking on the spin button with the current selected BET. Only the highest winning combination made with at least one non-wild symbol is awarded on each payline. Wins on different pay lines are all added to your balance. Coinciding wins on different paylines are added to balance. All symbols pay from left to right. The Ticker messages will appear on the bottom of game screen. Whenever there is a win, the total BALANCE will update, and the amount won in the spin is shown in the WIN bar at the bottom of the game. The game and game rules are identical in both the real-money and demo-money modes How to play: Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet per line is set for all 20 FIXED lines on the slot machine. You can increase the bet per line by clicking on the button to the right of 'Bet per line', or you can decrease the bet by clicking on the button to the left. Bet and lines will not get adjusted to the next possible bet, if your balance drops below total bet placed, then click on button shown at the bottom of the game screen. LINES: Game is played with 20 FIXED paylines. MAX BET: To play with MAX BET, click on If your balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled. The number of lines are multiplied by the 'bet per line'. The total bet amount is displayed beside the 'BET' label, which can be found at the bottom of the game screen. Paytable: The Paytable can be viewed by clicking on the button. You can go back to the game by clicking on the button on the Paytable screen. Spin: Click on SPIN icon to start spinning the reels. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines will be paid according to the Paytable. Result: Wins are indicated by animated symbols, with the total win amount being shown at the bottom of the screen beside 'WIN'. Volume: icon will play the game music. Click on icon will mute the volume. AUTO SPIN: You can use this feature to choose all or any of the various options for 'hands free' game play. The available options under this feature are Number of spins: The game will spin for the number of rotations selected from the slider menu. You can choose a maximum of 50 spins and play until your balance is more than the total bet placed. Spin till Win equals or exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the win amount is equals or exceeds the amount entered. Spin till feature trigger: The game will automatically spin until the next feature is triggered. To make use of the Auto spin feature, click on the 'AUTO SPIN' button in the bottom right of the game screen. When the Auto spin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Select from the drop-down menu where applicable. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Similarly, click on ‘X’ button to skip the AUTO SPIN' feature and return to the game screen. When playing with multiple options and conditions selected, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be disabled. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again or opt for new option(s) and proceed with the game. 'AUTO SPIN' option is not available in the demo-money mode. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount you wagered on the previous spin. Just click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. ­To change your bet, increase or decrease the Bet shown on the game screen. Credits: After you have placed the desired bet, your remaining game balance is shown under ‘BALANCE’. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the ‘BALANCE’ meter and the 'BET' meter. Your game balance is shown at the bottom of the game screen. Game Settings: Volume: Player can set the volume of the sound effects and ambience by sliding through the Volume button. Sound effects: Toggle between on / off to enable or disable the game win animation sounds. Ambience sound: Toggle between on / off to enable or disable the game background sound. Quick spin: By checking this option, game play is faster than the regular spin. Spacebar to spin: By checking this option, Spacebar key can be used to trigger a spin. This option stays disabled, if spacebar is not available for a game. Game Rules: Ice Phoenix is a 5-reel slot game with 20 Fixed paylines. The free spins meter, which displays on the right side in Desktop and Landscape and in top of the reel set in portrait mode, shows the number of free spins that are triggered when a single spin has multiple cascading wins. Payline wins are multiplied by the amount ‘bet per line’ and gets added to other payline wins. SPIN begins the game with the currently selected BET. MAX BET selects 20 fixed lines and maximum bet value . Only the highest winning combination made with at least one non-wild symbol is awarded on each payline. All symbols pay from left to right. Coinciding wins on different paylines are added to your total balance. All payline wins produce cascades and will explode the symbols occurring in a payline to produce new possibilities for extra wins. Ice Phoenix is a special symbol which appears only on the 5th reel in both main game and free spins. Ice phoenix symbol when it appears on reel 5 will explode itself and the 3 low paying symbols after paylines have been evaluated, if there is any reel with full of low paying symbols then the complete reel will be changed to Stack Fire Phoenix(wild) symbol in both main game and free spins. Ice phoenix symbol when it appears on reel 5 will explode itself and the 3 low paying symbols after paylines have been evaluated,for next cascade wins there is no chance of getting Ice Phoenix symbol again. Ice phoenix symbol explodes itself even if there are no low paying symbols in the reels, then free spins meter increases by 1. Fire Phoenix is a Wild symbol which substitutes for all symbols except the special Ice Phoenix symbol. Stack Fire Phoenix wild symbol will appear when all the symbols in a specific reel are exploded and will be active for only one spin. When 4 fire phoenix symbols and an ice phoenix symbol appear on a payline the award is 4 of a kind pay out for Air (highest paying) symbol. When 5 Fire Phoenix symbols appear on a payline the award is 5 of a kind pay out for Air (highest paying) symbol. The maximum win in this game is capped to 250,000 CAD or its equivalent amount in your currency during main game or cascading wins or Free spins. Further Free spins or cascading wins will be forfeited if the highest win is reached during the free spins or cascading wins. Theoretical return to player is 95.23%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Cascading Wins: All Symbol combinations defined in the paytable will trigger the cascading wins feature when they occur on a payline. When a cascade win occurs, the lower most triangle in free spins meter will be activated and for the second win that triangle will explode and next triangle will be activated. This process will continue until no further wins on the spin and the current square which is highlighted and the number on that square will be the free spins awarded to the player. All payline wins during cascading wins are multiplied by bet per line. After a win, the winning symbols are removed. All the remaining symbols cascade down and missing symbols are replaced. The free spins ladder counts the number of cascades. Free Spins feature will trigger when 4 or more cascading wins occur in the same game. Extra Free spins will trigger when 3 or more cascading wins occur in free spins. This process will continue until no wins occurs from a cascade. All wins accumulated during these cascading wins feature are credited to player. Ice phoenix symbol explodes itself even if there are no low paying symbols in the reels, then free spins meter increases by 1. Free Spins Feature: Free spins will trigger when 4 or more cascading wins occur on a single spin. In Main game 4 Cascading wins will trigger 7, 5 Cascading wins will trigger 10, 6 cascading wins will trigger 15, 7 cascading wins will trigger 20, 8 or more cascading wins will trigger 25 free spins. Extra free spins will be added to the player when 3 or more cascades happens during the feature game in a single spin. 3 cascading wins will trigger 2, 4 cascading wins will trigger 3, 5 cascading wins will trigger 5, 6 cascading wins will trigger 7, 7 cascading wins will trigger 10,8 or more cascading wins will trigger 12 extra free spins. Wins accumulated in free spins will be credited to player balance after feature completion. Free spins are played with bet of triggering spins. Browser Panel Commands: Click on Rules to view the detailed rules of the game as web page. Click on History to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on Real Money/Demo to switch between real-money or play-money mode. Click on the Deposit button to deposit money into your account. The History functionality is applicable only for the real-money game play. Return to the player: The Theoretical return to the player is 95.23%. FAQ’s: 1. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the ‘History’ button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected in the middle of the feature round, you will be prompted to complete it after logging back in. After completing the feature round, you can continue game play, or you can select another game of your choice. 2. What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Click on ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit. 3. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team.