Jellyfish Jackpots Game Objective: Jellyfish Jackpots is a 5x3 reel with 20 fixed paylines slot game. Symbols pay from left to right, when 3 or more identical/mixed symbols appear adjacent to one another on each pay line. The game has unique Jellyfish symbol which float upwards on landing, turning the symbols above into more Jellyfish, increasing the chance of Jellyfish wins. Three or more SHARK ATTACK FREESPINS symbols will trigger the SHARK ATTACK FREESPINS Feature. During the SHARK ATTACK FREESPINS round the player selects one of the 4 options available with different volatility. How to play: Setting 'BETS': When player enter the game, a default bet is set. Player can change the bet value by clicking the + or - buttons either side of the BET icon in desktop and mobile. On clicking the Bet icon, selection window will pop out, player can select the desired bet in between Min and Max bets. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount wagered on the previous spin. Just click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. Spin: The SPIN button in the right middle starts the game in desktop. The SPIN button is at the bottom of the game screen in portrait mode and at the right side of the game screen in landscape mode in mobile. Paytable: The Paytable can be viewed by tapping on hamburger menu and selecting the Paytable option. You can go back to the game by clicking on the close icon. Volume: The volume icon will play the game sound. Click on the volume icon to mute the volume. Credits: After placing the desired bet remaining game balance is shown under ‘BALANCE’. Player current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the ‘BALANCE’ meter and the 'BET' meter. Game balance is shown at the bottom of the game screen. 'AUTOPLAY': Select the AUTOPLAY option for hands-free play. To make use of the AUTOPLAY feature, click on the AUTOPLAY button in the bottom right of the game screen beside volume button. When the AUTOPLAY pop up opens. Select the number of spins from the pop up . Click on the spin stop button to stop the AUTOPLAY feature. The available options under this feature are: Selection of Spins: The game will spin for the number of rotations selected from the pop-up menu. You can choose a maximum of 1000 spins and play until your balance is more than the total bet placed. In demo-money mode, the ‘AUTOPLAY’ option will be disabled. Mobile Options: Tap the Hamburger Menu Icon to view Paytable and Game Rules. Tap the ‘i’ icon to view game rules. Tap the Paytable option to view Paytable screen. Tap the close icon to go back to the game play . Tap the Volume icon to play the game sound and vice versa. Tap on back option at top left corner to navigate back to lobby screen. GAME RULES: Jellyfish Jackpots is a 5x3 Reel, 20 fixed lines slot game. Pressing SPIN begins the game with the currently selected BET. Bet values can be changed by clicking on ‘+’ and ‘-’ buttons. The paytable will always show the win amount for the currently selected bet and 20 fixed lines. All symbols pay from left to right, starting from left-most reel in consecutive order except for SHARK ATTACK FREESPINS and Jellyfish symbols. Payouts are paid according to the Paytable. Only the highest win amount on each payline is paid. Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except for SHARK ATTACK FREESPINS and Jellyfish symbols. Wild symbol payout will take precedence over symbol payout if Wild payout is higher than the symbol payout. SHARK ATTACK FREESPINS symbol appears only on reels 2,3 and 4 in both base game and Freespins. SHARK ATTACK FREESPINS Feature triggers when 3 SHARK ATTACK FREESPINS symbol appears on reels 2,3 and 4. In the base game and Freespins, SHARK ATTACK FREESPINS symbol wins will be added to other line wins. In the base game and Freespins, SHARK ATTACK FREESPINS symbol payout is made when three SHARK ATTACK FREESPINS symbols appear anywhere on the reels 2, 3 and 4. If SHARK ATTACK FREESPINS Feature and JELLYFISH CASH CLIMBER Feature are triggered in a single spin then JELLYFISH CASH CLIMBER Feature will take precedence. All payouts are made in USD. Logging into your account on the desktop website and selecting the option “History” inside any game will allow you to access your game play history. The theoretical return to player of this game excluding jackpot is 91.29%. The theoretical return to player of this game including jackpot is 94.294%. Coinciding wins on different lines are all added to your balance. SHARK ATTACK FREESPINS and Jellyfish symbol wins are added to other payline wins. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. SHARK ATTACK FREESPINS FEATURE: SHARK ATTACK FREESPINS symbol appears on reels 2,3,4 during base game activates the SHARK ATTACK FREESPINS Feature. Player can select one option from following four available options: 32 Freespins with 1X Multiplier 16 Freespins with 2X Multiplier 8 Freespins with 4X Multiplier 3 Freespins with 3X Multiplier and Magic Jellyfish Freespins are played with the same bet as the triggering spin. Freespins can be re-triggered and will award the same number of Freespins as initially selected. During Freespins, Freespins Multipliers are not applicable to the Jellyfish symbol wins. SHARK ATTACK FREESPINS symbol wins are multiplied by the Multiplier awarded in Freespins. Line wins are multiplied by the Multiplier selected. MAGIC JELLYFISH: Magic Jellyfish symbols only appear in Freespins when the player selects ‘3 Freespins with 3 Multiplier and Magic Jellyfish option. The Magic Jellyfish will appear on either reel 1 or 5 during Freespins. Magic Jellyfish symbol act as both Wild symbol and normal Jellyfish symbols and are always stacked. The Magic Jellyfish symbol substitutes for all symbols except for SHARK ATTACH FREESPINS symbol. Jellyfish wins are added to other payline wins after the feature round has been completed. Magic Jellyfish does not appear during the base game. JELLYFISH CASH CLIMBER FEATURE: Jellyfish symbols land on the middle or bottom position of the reel view during the base game or SHARK ATTACK FREESPINS Feature game, will float up above the reel and fill their above corresponding reel positions with Jellyfish. Six or more Jellyfish in view will be added to the win ladder after any regular winnings have been awarded, both will be paid at the end of the game. When the 6 or more Jellyfish are in view the Jellyfish are added to the win ladder. The player will then have 3 shots to move up the win ladder. If a shot is successful, the position on the win ladder moves up by 1 and the shot counter is reset to 3. If all three shots are used or the player reaches the top of the ladder the final value shown is added to any existing wins. Jellyfish Cash Climber Feature will not be triggered if 15 Jellyfish appear on reel view. Jellyfish Cash Climber Feature will be triggered in base game as well as Freespins. After the Jellyfish floats up above the reels, Payouts for Jellyfish available on reel view will be paid according to the ladder Values mentioned in the Game UI. JACKPOT RULES: The Big one Jackpot can be triggered either in base game, during auto spins(if applicable) or after feature game(s). The main screen then changes to Jackpot screen after the user has won Jackpot game in which all the Jackpots and their values are listed on the right-side area and a wheel is displayed on the left side area. There are 5 different Jackpots, each of which has a unique color. All five Jackpots are shown on the wheel. By clicking on the SPIN button, the wheel rotates and stops on a color and the respective jackpot is awarded. You can see the current values of all five Jackpots on the base game screen. Big One Jackpots have two pools for each Jackpot tier, current instance pool and reserve pool. During game play a % of the total bet (mentioned below) is contributed towards both the pools. Jackpot Name Initial Seed (USD) Instance Contribution % Reserve Contribution % The Big One Colossal Cash $1,000,000.00 0.964% 1.25% The Big One Mega Cash $10,000.00 0.1% 0.125% The Big One Super Cash $750.00 0.03% 0.015% The Big One Quick Cash $200.00 0.10% 0.1% The Big One Blitz Cash $40.00 0.12% 0.2% Each Jackpot starts with initial seed amount. Initial Jackpot seed is funded by “The House”, and the subsequent instances are funded from reserve pool, the amount accumulated in reserve pool becomes the next seed. Big One Jackpots are played across multiple games and all games have equal probability of winning the Jackpot. A Jackpot instance can only be won by one player, and this applies for all Jackpot tiers. In-case of network disconnections during the Jackpot wheel feature, jackpot win will be credited to player account balance automatically. The Jackpot is triggered randomly. The number of spins awarded in Jackpot screen equals the number of Jackpots awarded. Only real money play will contribute to the Jackpot amount. Jackpot contributions and triggering will not be applicable for games played on play for fun/demo mode The maximum Jackpot amount a player can get from each of the above Jackpot is 10,000,000 USD. Jackpot Contribution/RTP is 3.004%. Browser Button Panel Commands: Click on Rules to view the detailed rules of the game as web page. Click on History to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on Real/Demo to switch between real-money or demo-money mode. Click on the ‘Deposit’ button to deposit money into your account. The History functionality is applicable only for the real-money game play. Return to the player: The theoretical return to player of this game excluding Jackpot is 91.29%. The theoretical return to player of this game including Jackpot is 94.294%. FAQ’s: 1.I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'History' button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected in the middle of the feature round or in middle of Jellyfish expansion, you will be prompted to complete it after logging back in. After completing the game, you can continue game play, or you can select another game of your choice. 2.What should I do if the balance is low to place a bet? Click on ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit. 3. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Service team. Last modification date: 8/8/2024