Jacks Or Better Game Objective: The objective of Jacks or Better game is to obtain a five-card poker hand that contains a winning combination. The better hand, the bigger the payout. See the 'PAYTABLE' in the game for more details. Placing the bet and clicking DEAL, deals player 5 cards. Then choose the cards player want to hold on with among 5 cards and draw the remaining cards. The cards which are not held will be replaced with the new cards when we click Draw. Player win according to the prizes in the paytable . After each round, used cards are returned to the deck and the deck is shuffled. A winning hand may be gambled by doubling player winnings and is capped to a maximum of 4,000 CAD or its equivalent amount in player currency. The further winnings will be forfeited if the highest win is reached in doubling. Game Information: All suits (spades, hearts, diamonds, and clubs) have equal rank. The game is played with a single deck of 52 cards. The cards are shuffled at the start of every game. Upto 5 cards can be held for “the draw”. How to play Setting BETS: When player enter the game, a default BET is set. Player can increase the Bet by clicking the button and decrease the bet by clicking the button. The betting limits are shown on the game screen. The paytable level can be increased by clicking on ‘BET ONE’. Paytable is indicated by multipliers X1, X2, X3, X4, X5. The paytable level played is indicated by highlighting the respective column in the paytable. The TOTAL BET = Selected BET * The selected paytable multiplier. The 'BET MAX' button automatically sets the game to play with highest multiplier column of the paytable. PAYTABLE – The payouts are made as per the ‘PAYTABLE’ shown at the top of the game screen. The total win amount is the payout in paytable multiplied by the amount BET. The paytable lists the prizes for winning hands. Click 'DEAL' to receive five cards face-up. Player now have a choice to hold the cards dealt. Clicking on a card will place a 'HOLD' symbol on that card. To remove the 'HOLD' symbol, click on the card again. After making the selection, click 'DRAW'. The cards which are not held will be replaced from the deck at which point the game is complete. Player final win is based on the combination of the final set of cards shown after completion of “the draw”. When there is Royal Flush after DEAL, the cards will be automatically HELD and win amount is awarded. Only the highest winning combination is paid. Player game balance is shown in the bottom right-hand corner of the game screen Settings: Click on the settings option from Hamburger menu to view the settings. SPEED: The speed of the cards revealed can be selected in between NORMAL and TURBO modes. DEAL/DRAW ON: By checking ON option, Spacebar key can be used to DEAL/DRAW the cards. CHANGE BACKGROUND COLOR: The color of the background can be selected by checking the desired color from the provided options. Features DOUBLE UP rules: The 'DOUBLE TO' option is offered after any win except for Royal Flush Click on the 'DOUBLE TO' button to start this feature. Five new cards from a fresh deck will be dealt, with first card face-up. To double Player winnings, simply choose from one of the remaining four face-down cards. If player chosen card is higher than the original face-up card, player doubles the winnings. If player chosen card is lower than the original face-up card, player losses the all winnings. If player chosen card is the same as the original face-up card, the game is tied, and player have the option to either double again or collect the winnings. If player first face up card is A, it is considered as the highest face value, in this case the player losses all the winning amount. After each win in 'DOUBLE TO', player get the option to either double again by clicking on 'DOUBLE TO' or collect the winnings by clicking on 'COLLECT'. The ‘DOUBLE TO’ option is available only if the total win is less than 4,000 CAD. If the total win equals to or exceeds 4,000 CAD, no further 'DOUBLE TO' will be allowed and the game is exited automatically. Once the limit is reached, the double up will end and player will be returned to the main game. PAYTABLE: ROYAL FLUSH: 5 cards with same suite having and sequential face value 10, J, Q, K, A will be considered as Royal Flush. E.g. 10JQKA of hearts, spades, clubs, diamonds. When there is Royal Flush after DEAL, the cards will be automatically HELD and win amount is awarded. DOUBLE TO option will not be offered for these wins. STRAIGHT FLUSH: 5 cards of same suite and face value in a sequential manner will be considered as straight flush except 10, J, Q, K, A. E.g. 23456 of hearts, 678910 of clubs, 56789 of spades 34567 of diamonds etc. in sequence. 4 OF A KIND: 4 cards out of 5 having same card value will be considered as 4 Of a kind. E.g. 22225,55557,99994 will be considered as 4 of a kind. FULL HOUSE: 3 cards out of 5 are having same card value and remaining 2 have the different same value will be considered as a FULL House. E.g. 5,5,5 of any suit and 2,2 any suit. FLUSH: 5 cards with the same suite and different numbers not in sequence can be considered as a flush. E.g. 2,5,A,7,K of hearts, 3,6,8,J,Q of Spades etc. STRAIGHT: Cards with different suites (out of 4) and which are in sequence are considered as straight. E.g. 4 heart 5 diamond 6 clubs 7 spades 8 heart will be considered as one of the straight case. 3 OF A KIND: 3 cards of same face value out of 5 cards will be considered as 3 of a kind. E.g. 33356,88895 etc with same face value can be considered. TWO PAIR: Any 2 cards with same face value and another 2 cards of same face value will be considered as 2 Pair. E.g. 22335, AA446, 55993, 34348 etc JACKS OR BETTER: Any 2 cards which has a value greater or equal to J will be considered as Jacks or better E.g JJ345, QQ567, KK876, AA345 out of 5 cards will be considered Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Browser Panel Commands: Click on Rules to view game rules of the game. Click on History to view the logs of the games player have played. Click on the Deposit button to add funds to player account. Click on Real Money/Demo to switch between real-money or demo game modes. The History functionality is applicable only for the real-money game play. Return to the player: The theoretical return to player of this game is 99.54 %. FAQ’s: 1. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If player get disconnected from the game just after all the inputs are given and there is no input required to continue the game, then the game is treated as complete and on re-login player can check the game details in game logs. If player disconnected while the game is waiting for player input such as after the deal, player will be prompted to complete the game after logging back in. After completing the incomplete game, player can continue playing the game or player can select another game of player choice. 2. What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Click on ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit. 3. If player is still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team.