Jacks Or Better The objective of Jacks or Better game is to obtain a five-card poker hand that contains a winning combination. The better your hand, the bigger the payout. See the 'PAYTABLE' in the game for more details. Placing the bet and clicking DEAL, deals you 5 cards. Then choose the cards you want to hold on with among 5 cards and draw the remaining cards. The cards which are not held will be replaced with the new cards when we click Draw. You win according to the prizes in the paytable. After each round, used cards are returned to the deck and the deck is shuffled. Game Information: All suits (spades, hearts, diamonds, and clubs) have equal rank. The game is played with a single deck of 52 cards. The cards are shuffled at the start of every game. Upto 5 cards can be held for “the draw”. How to play Setting BETS: When you enter the game, a default BET is set. You can increase the Bet by clicking the button and decrease the bet by clicking the button. The betting limits are shown on the game screen. The paytable level can be increased by clicking on ‘BET ONE’. Paytable is indicated by multipliers X1, X2, X3, X4, X5. The paytable level played is indicated by highlighting the respective column in the paytable. The TOTAL BET = Selected BET * The selected paytable multiplier. The 'BET MAX' button automatically sets the game to play with highest multiplier column of the paytable. The total win amount is the payout in paytable multiplied by the amount BET. PAYTABLE – The payouts are made as per the ‘PAYTABLE’ shown at the top of the game screen. The paytable lists the prizes for winning hands. Click 'DEAL' to receive five cards face-up. You now have a choice to hold the cards dealt. Clicking on a card will place a 'HOLD' symbol on that card. To remove the 'HOLD' symbol, click on the card again. After making your selection, click 'DRAW'. The cards which are not held will be replaced from the deck at which point the game is complete. Your final win is based on the combination of the final set of cards shown after completion of “the draw”. Only the highest winning combination is paid. Your game balance is shown in the bottom right-hand corner of the game screen Settings: Click on the settings option from Hamburger menu to view the settings. DEAL/DRAW ON: By checking ON option, Spacebar key can be used to DEAL/DRAW the cards. CHANGE BACKGROUND COLOR: The color of the background can be selected by checking the desired color from the provided options. Features DOUBLE UP rules: The 'DOUBLE TO' option is offered after a win. Click on the 'DOUBLE TO' button to start this feature. Five new cards from a fresh deck will be dealt, with first card face-up. To double your winnings, simply choose from one of the remaining four face-down cards. If your chosen card is higher than the original face-up card, you double your winnings. If your chosen card is lower than the original face-up card, you lose your all winnings. If your chosen card is the same as the original face-up card, the game is tied, and you have the option to either double again or collect your winnings. If your first face up card is A, it is considered as the highest face value, in this case the player losses all the winning amount. After each win in 'DOUBLE TO', you get the option to either double again by clicking on 'DOUBLE TO' or collect your winnings by clicking on 'COLLECT'. The ‘DOUBLE TO’ option is available only if the total win is less than 4,000 EUR or its equivalent amount in your currency. If the total win equals to or exceeds 4,000 EUR or its equivalent amount in your currency, no further 'DOUBLE TO' will be allowed and the game is exited automatically. Once the limit is reached, the double up will end and you will be returned to the main game. PAYTABLE: ROYAL FLUSH: 5 cards with same suite having and sequential face value 10,J,Q,K,A will be considered as Royal Flush. E.g. 10JQKA of hearts, spades, clubs, diamonds. STRAIGHT FLUSH: 5 cards of same suite and face value in a sequential manner will be considered as straight flush except 10,J,Q,K,A. E.g. 23456 of hearts, 678910 of clubs, 56789 of spades 34567 of diamonds etc in sequence. 4 OF A KIND: 4 cards out of 5 having same card value will be considered as 4 Of a kind. E.g. 22225,55557,99994 will be considered as 4 of a kind. FULL HOUSE: 3 cards out of 5 are having same card value and remaining 2 have the different same value will be considered as a FULL House. E.g. 5,5,5 of any suit and 2,2 any suit. FLUSH: 5 Cards with the same suite and different numbers not in sequence can be considered as a flush. E.g. 2,5,A,7,K of hearts, 3,6,8,J,Q of Spades etc. STRAIGHT: Cards with different suites (out of 4) and which are in sequence are considered as straight. E.g. 4 heart 5 diamond 6 clubs 7 spades 8 heart will be considered as one of the straight case. 3 OF A KIND: 3 cards of same face value out of 5 cards will be considered as 3 of a kind. E.g. 33356,88895 etc with same face value can be considered. TWO PAIR: Any 2 cards with same face value and another 2 cards of same face value will be considered as 2 Pair. E.g. 22335, AA446, 55993, 34348 etc JACKS OR BETTER: Any 2 cards which has a value greater or equal to J will be considered as Jacks or better E.g JJ345, QQ567, KK876, AA345 out of 5 cards will be considered Browser Panel Commands: Main Game Menu Options Click on Responsible Gaming to navigate to the Responsible Gaming page. Click on Game Rules to view game rules of the game. Click on Game logs to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on the Deposit button to add funds to your account. Click on Real/Play to switch between real-money or play-money game modes. The Game logs functionality is applicable only for the real-money game play. Return to the player: The theoretical return to player of this game is 99.54 %. FAQ’s: 1. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the “Game logs” button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected in the middle of the feature round, you will be prompted to complete it after logging back in. After completing the feature round, you can continue game play, or you can select another game of your choice. 2. What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Click on ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit. 3. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. 4. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team.