Jail Break Objective: Jail Break is a five-reel slot machine with 50 lines and a bonus free spins round which triggers a random number of free spins and multipliers. The game features two bonus rounds with free spins: the Jail Break Door and Jail Break Rope bonus rounds. The Jail Break Door bonus round is triggered when three or more Scattered Key symbols appear on the reels. The Jail Break Rope bonus round is triggered when three or more Scattered Rope symbols appear on the reels. Information: The game rules are identical in both real-money and play-money modes. The theoretical return to player of this game is 95.02%. How to Play When you enter the game, a default total bet is set. LINES : You can change the bet per line by clicking on the left and right arrows buttons between the LINES field. The selected lines are highlighted and unselected lines are not highlighted. BET : You can change the bet per line by clicking on the left and right arrows buttons between the BET PER LINE field. SPIN : Click on Spin to start spinning the reels. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations will be paid according to the paytable. Click on MAX BET to select the maximum possible bet and lines. If your game balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled. AUTO SPIN You can make use of this feature to choose amongst the various options for 'hands free' gameplay. Options available under this feature are: Number of spins: the game will automatically spin for the number of spins selected from the drop-down menu. You can choose any number of games and play until your balance is less than the total bet placed. Spin till Win equals or exceeds: the game will automatically spin until the win amount is equals or exceeds the amount entered. Spin till Loss not exceeds: the game will automatically spin until the loss amount not exceeds the amount entered. Spin till feature trigger: the game will automatically spin until the feature is triggered. Click the STOP button to deactivate AUTOSPIN and the normal game will be restored. Click the X button to close the AUTOSPIN dialogue window. Please note: the AUTOSPIN option is not available in play-money mode. All winning symbols will be animated in addition to background animations. The total win amount is shown in the WIN window at the bottom right of the screen. Your remaining game balance is shown near the BALANCE meter at the bottom of the screen. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. Browser Button Panel Commands Click on Game Rules to view the detailed rules of the game as web page. Click on Game Logs to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on Exit Game to leave the game and return to the lobby. Click on Responsible Gaming to open Responsible Gaming page. Click on Real\Play to switch to real- or play-money mode. Click on Star to add or remove game from your favourites. Click on the Deposit button to deposit money into your account Rules Click on the ? button at the bottom of the screen to navigate to the Game Rules. Use scroll to navigate through all game help information. Feature rules: The Jail Break Door feature is triggered when three or more scattered Key symbols appear anywhere on the reels. The Jail Break Rope feature is triggered when three or more scattered Rope symbols appear anywhere on the reels. The Jail Break Door and Rope feature offer both free spins and multipliers. The number of free spins and multipliers are awarded randomly. All wins during the free spins are multiplied by the revealed free spins multiplier. A maximum of 25 free spins and a maximum multiplier of 7 (7x) can be won in the Jail Break Door bonus round. A maximum of 50 free spins and a maximum multiplier of 10 (10x) can be won in the Jail Break Rope bonus round. Free spins won in the bonus round cannot trigger further free spins but scatter prizes will be awarded according to the paytable. Free spins are played on the same number of lines and at the same bet per line of the triggering game. Free spin wins are added to payline and scatter wins. Game rules: Play with 1 to 50 lines. All payouts are made according to the paytable. Payline wins are multiplied by the bet per line. Only the highest win on each highlighted line will be paid out. Coinciding wins on selected lines are added to your total winnings. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total amount you have bet and are added to payline wins. Bonus round wins are added to your game balance. All symbols pay from left to right starting with the left-most reel, except for the Scattered Key and Rope symbols which pay anywhere in view. The Jail Break Logo symbol substitutes for all other symbols, except for the Scattered Key and Rope symbols. The Jail Break Logo symbol appears only on reels 1, 2, 3 and 4. The Jail Break Logo symbol works only in conjunction with other symbols, except for the scattered Key and Rope symbols. PAYTABLE PAYLINES Adding funds to your account To add funds to your account, click on ‘DEPOSIT’ in the 'Cashier' menu, then select the desired deposit option (play anywhere clients) or click on 'DEPOSIT' in the 'Cashier' option on left panel in main lobby, then select the desired deposit option (download clients). You can also add funds to your account by clicking on 'REBUY' on the game screen and then clicking on 'Deposit now'. The time taken to transfer funds and the fees charged will vary depending on which deposit option you choose. What do I do if I reach my betting limits? If your game balance drops below the minimum bet, a message about insufficient funds be automatically displayed. To add funds to your account, click on the “DEPOSIT” button in the browser common panel, then select the desired deposit option. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you are disconnected in the middle of the base game or jackpot game, the software will automatically complete the game for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the “Game logs” button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected after triggering or in the middle of the bonus or feature, on reconnection, the software will automatically start the disconnected bonus or feature, if not already started or resume from where it was disconnected. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Service team. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 7/1/2020