King of Dragons Instant win Mobile King of Dragons Instant Win Game Objective: King of Dragons Instant Win game is played with 9 scratch panels on 3x3 matrix along with a bonus feature. The game has 3 lanterns above each column of grid which could be either multiplier or Bonus. At the start of each game one lantern will change above the matrix to different multiplier or ‘Bonus’. If the Dragon King symbol is revealed anywhere in the matrix, the corresponding prize above will be awarded to the player. The value on the lantern from 5-100x will be multiplied by total bet and is added to the player balance at the end of the game. If the lantern is a ‘Bonus’ lantern, the player selects one of the three bonus lanterns to reveal the hidden prize Paytable: Game Information: Game is played 9 scratch panels with 3x3 matrix When you enter the game a default bet is set. Bet can be changed by clicking on hamburger menu and changing the Bet meter. Game begins with the currently selected BET. Payouts are displayed on the PAYTABLE. All winning symbols will be animated in addition to background animations. Winnings will be updated in the BALANCE at the end of each game and the amount won in any game will be shown in the WIN meter How to play: Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet is set. You can alter the bet by clicking on and changing the Bet as shown below. MAX BET: Click on MAX BET to select the maximum possible bet. If your balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled. AUTO SCRATCH: You can make use of this feature to select various options for 'hands free' game play. To make use of the ‘Auto Play’ feature, tap on the button. When the Auto play window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Tap on ‘OK’ to activate the selected options and start the scratches. The available options under this feature are: Number of games: The game will automatically continue for the number of rotations selected from the Number of Scratches Meter. You can choose maximum of 1000 Scratches and play until your balance is more than the total bet placed. For UKGC player, the number of Scratches available will be 100. Play till Win equals or exceeds: The game will continue until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount entered in the text box. Play till Loss not exceeds: The game will automatically continue until the loss limit is reached. Loss will be calculated with (Loss = Total bets - Total wins) Play till feature trigger: The game will automatically continue until the next feature is triggered. When playing with multiple options and conditions selected, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be disabled. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again or opt for new option(s) and proceed with the game. Click on the STOP SPIN button to deactivate AUTO SPIN and the normal game will be restored. Tap on Menu Icon to view the option like Paytable, Bet Settings, Auto spin, Settings button, i button and Cashier. Tap on the ‘Lobby’ option to navigate back to lobby screen. Tap on the 'PAYTABLE' option to view Paytable screen. Tap on the button to go back to the game play. Tap on the ‘Sound’ icon to play the game music and vice versa. Tap on the ‘Cashier’ option to navigate to deposit screen. Tap anywhere on the screen to come out from the options. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount you wagered on the previous spin. Just click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. To change your bet, increase or decrease the BET VALUE. The total win amount is shown in the WIN meter . CREDITS: Your remaining game balance, after you have placed the desired bet, is shown in ‘BALANCE’ meter i.e. the current game balance minus the total bet placed. GAME RULES: King of Dragons Instant Win game is played over 9 scratch panels on a 3x3 matrix. Once the player hits the "Scratch" button, all the panels on the card become active. Click/Tap or hover on any panel to scratch it and reveal. To reveal all panels automatically, click after hitting the "Scratch" button Match any 3 symbols anywhere in view to receive the corresponding payout for that symbol. Game begins with the currently selected BET. Symbol wins are multiplied by bet amount. If Dragon King symbol is revealed the corresponding lantern bonus is awarded. If the lantern is a ‘Bonus’ lantern the player selects one of 3 bonus lanterns to reveal the hidden prize. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Theoretical return to the player is 90.02%. BONUS FEATURE: When Dragon King symbol is revealed the corresponding multiplier between 5-100x is awarded. If the lantern is a‘bonus’ lantern the player selects one of the three bonus lanterns shown to reveal a win amount in the range 20,40,50,100,200,500x. All winnings are credited to the balance at the end of the game. Return to the player: The theoretical return to player of this game is 90.02%. Game History: Gameplay history can be accessed by logging into your account on the desktop website and choosing menu “Game Logs” inside any game. FAQ’s: 1. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, game will resume from the point of disconnection otherwise You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game logs' button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected in the middle of the feature, you will be prompted to complete it after logging back in. After completing the feature, you can continue game play, or you can select another game of your choice. 2. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. 3. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team. Last updated 04/27/2020