King Of Dragons Game Objective: King Of dragons is a 5-reel, 40 fixed paylines slot game with 1 feature game. The game has 5 lantern symbols above the reel set, each showing a multiplier ranging from 5 to 60x or ‘FREE SPINS’. When the Dragon King Symbol appears the respective prize on the lantern, above the corresponding reel will be awarded. If the lantern has “FREE SPINS” then 10 free spins will be triggered. In free spins the Dragon King re-triggers a further 2 ‘EXTRA SPINS’ PAYTABLE: PAYLINES: Game Information: The game is played with 40 fixed paylines. SPIN can be triggered by clicking on the spin button with the currently selected BET. Bet per Line can be changed by using the and buttons. Payouts are displayed in the PAYTABLE. Whenever there is a win, the total BALANCE will update, and the amount won in the spin will be shown in the WIN meter. The game and game rules are identical in both the real-money and demo modes, except that the auto spin option will not be available in demo mode. How to play: You can increase the bet/line by clicking the button to the right of 'BET/LINE', or you can decrease the bet/line by clicking the button to the left. Bet will not get adjusted to the next possible bet, if your balance drops below total bet placed, then click on button shown at the bottom of the game screen. LINES: 40 lines are selected by default MAX BET: To play with MAX BET, click on . If your balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled. The number of lines are multiplied by the 'bet per line'. The total bet amount is displayed beside the 'BET' label, which can be found at the bottom of the game screen. Paytable: The Paytable can be viewed by clicking the button located in bottom of game screen above the control panel. You can navigate to all screens of paytable by clicking on and buttons. You can go back to the game by clicking on the button below the paytable screen. Spin: Click on the SPIN button to start spinning the reels. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the lines will be paid according to the paytable. Result: Wins are indicated by colorized pay line animated symbols, and in the case of a scatter win, by animated symbols, with the total win amount being shown at the bottom of the screen beside 'WIN'. Volume: The icon will play the game music. Click on the icon will mute the volume . CREDITS: After you have placed the desired bet, your remaining game balance is shown in ‘BALANCE’ meter i.e. the current game balance minus the total bet placed. AUTOSPIN: You can use this feature to choose all or any of the various options for 'hands free' game play. The available options under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will spin for the number of rotations selected from the slider menu. You can choose up to 1000 spins and play until your balance is less than the total bet placed. If win equals or exceeds: The game will spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount entered in the numeric text box. If feature trigger: The game will spin until the next feature is triggered To make use of the auto spins feature, click on the 'AUTOSPIN' button at the bottom left of the game screen. When the auto spin window opens, click on ‘More’ to show the extra options. Check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Click on the text box and enter the limit amount you want to play with. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Similarly, click on the button to stop the ‘AUTOSPIN’ feature and return to the game screen. 'AUTOSPIN' option is not available in the demo mode. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount you wagered on the previous spin. Just click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. ­To change your bet, increase or decrease the Bet shown on the game screen. When playing with multiple options and conditions selected, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others and the remaining selected conditions will be disabled. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again or opt for new option(s) and proceed with the game. Credits: After you have placed the desired bet, your remaining game balance is shown under ‘BALANCE’. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the ‘BALANCE’ meter and the 'BET' meter. Your game balance is shown at the bottom of the game screen. Game Settings: To make use of Game Settings, click on the Game Settings button at the bottom of the game screen in between Paytable and Sound icons. Volume: Player can set the volume of the sound effects by sliding through the Volume button. Sound effects: Toggle between on / off to enable or disable the game win animation sounds. Ambient sound: Toggle between on / off to enable or disable the game background sound. Quick Spin: By checking this option, game play is faster than the regular spin. Spacebar to spin: By checking this option, Spacebar key can be used to trigger a spin. If gamble is enabled, Spacebar to spin will auto collect the win amount. GAME RULES: Player can play the game with 40 fixed paylines. Payouts are made according to the paytable. SPIN begins the game with the currently selected BET. Payline wins are multiplied by the bet per line amount. Highest win amount is paid on each pay line. Coinciding win on different pay lines are all added to your total win amount. Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except for Dragon King symbol. Dragon King is a scatter symbol. Wild symbol appears only on 2,3 and 4 reels. All symbols pay left to right starting with left most reel except Dragon King symbol. The maximum win in this game is capped to 250,000 USD or its equivalent amount in your currency during main game or Free spins. Further Free spins or line wins will be forfeited if the highest win is reached during the Free spins. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Theoretical return to the player is 95.04%. Feature Game : The game has 5 lanterns above the corresponding reel which award multiplier or Free spins. Every spin one lantern will change at random. If the Dragon King symbol lands on any one of the reels, the respective prize on the lantern above, will be awarded to the player. The multiplier 5-60x on the lantern will be multiplied by total bet. 10 free spins will be awarded as “Free Spins”. During free spins ‘Extra spins’ are awarded as re-trigger of 2 further Free Spins. The multiplier on the lantern will be multiplied by total bet and are added to any payline wins. Free spins are played with the same bet of the triggering spin. Lantern values hold from game to game at the bet selected by the player. Persistence of Lantern values are platform dependent. Browser Panel Commands: Main Game Menu Options Click on Rules to view game rules of the game. Click on History to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on the Deposit button to add funds to your account. Click on Real Money/Demo to switch between real-money or demo game modes. The History functionality is applicable only for the real-money game play. Return to the player: The theoretical return to player of this game is 95.04%. FAQ’s: 1. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, game will resume from the point of disconnection otherwise you will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'History' button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected in the middle of the feature, you will be prompted to complete it after logging back in. After completing the feature, you can continue game play, or you can select another game of your choice. 2.What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Click on ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit. 3. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. 4. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Service team.