Let's Soccer Game Objective: Let’s Soccer is a five-reel, twenty-payline slot game with free game feature. When 3 or more scatter symbols appear anywhere on main game, the feature screen is displayed and for every free game spin, a player will kick the football towards the display matrix (the ball can hit the display matrix or miss). If the football hits the display matrix, then whichever position it strikes will turn into wild and will remain wild till player exits from the free game. Feature cannot be retriggered within free spins. Game Information: Game is played with 20 variable lines. The Betting limits are shown on the game screen title bar. How to play: Setting 'BET': When you enter the game, a default bet per line is set for all 20 lines. You can choose to increase or decrease the bet per line by using and buttons available on bet indicator. Bet and lines will not get adjusted to the next possible bet, if your balance drops below total bet placed, then click on button to deposit. Setting 'LINES': Twenty lines are selected by default. Lines can be changed either by clicking and buttons available to the Left & Right of the 'LINES' indicator on the game screen respectively. MAX BET: To play with maximum bet, click on button. If your game balance is not sufficient, this option is disabled. The number of selected lines are multiplied by the 'bet per line'. The total bet amount is displayed beside the 'BET' label, which can be found at the bottom of the game screen. 'PAYTABLE': 'PAYTABLE' can be viewed by clicking on the icon located next to the volume icon or by clicking button located at the bottom of the screen beside the Line meter. The prizes displayed in the Paytable are per unit bet, and are shown as multipliers. To get the effective payout per line, multiply the respective prize with the bet per line. You can go back to the game by clicking on the button on the Paytable screen. Clicking on the button will open the rules screen along with Paytable and allow you to read the game rules. SPIN: Click on to start spinning the reels. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on all the selected lines will be paid according to the Paytable. To calculate the line payout amount, multiply the respective symbol prize with the bet per line (Value shown on bet meter). To calculate the payout for scattered symbol, multiply the respective scattered symbol prize with the total bet. Result: Wins are indicated by colorized paylines animated symbols, and in case of a scatter win, by animated symbols, with the total win amount being shown at the bottom of the screen beside 'WIN'. Volume: icon will play the game music. Click on icon will mute the volume and vice versa. CREDITS: Your remaining game balance, after you have placed the desired bet, is shown in ‘BALANCE’ meter i.e. the current game balance minus the total bet placed. 'AUTOSPIN': You can use this feature to choose all or any of the various options for 'hands free' game play. The available options under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will spin for the number of rotations selected from the drop-down menu. You can choose any number of games and play until your balance is more than the total bet placed. Spin till Win equals or exceeds: The game will spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount selected from the drop down menu. Spin till Loss not exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the loss limit is reached. Loss will be calculated with (Loss = Total bets - Total wins) Total bets=accumulated total bets Total wins=accumulated total wins (((Total bets- Total wins) + current game bet) Spin till feature trigger: The game will spin until the next feature is triggered. To make use of the ‘AUTOSPIN’ feature, click on the button in the bottom right of the game screen. When the Autospin window opens, check the boxes next the option(s) you'd like to play with. Select from the drop-down menu where applicable and click ‘Ok’ button to activate the selected options and start the spins. Similarly, click on 'X' to skip the ‘AUTOSPIN’ feature and return to the game screen. When playing with multiple options and conditions selected, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be disabled. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again, or opt for new option(s), and proceed with the game. 'AUTOSPIN' option is not available in play-money mode. Click on button to stop AUTOSPIN. While AUTOSPIN is in progress, you can interrupt the game by clicking on the 'STOP SPIN' button. If spin is in progress, AUTOSPIN will be stopped after completing the current spin, otherwise AUTOSPIN is stopped immediately and normal game is restored. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount you wagered on the previous spin. Just click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. To change your bet, increase the Bet. ­ Browser Panel Commands: Click on ‘ Responsible Gaming ’ to navigate to the Responsible gaming page. Click on ' Game Rules ' to view the current version number & game rules of the game. Click on ' Game logs ' to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on ' Deposit ' button to deposit to your account. Click on ‘ Real/Play ’ to switch to real-money or play-money game mode. The “ Game logs ” functionality is applicable only for the real money game play. The game rules are identical in both real money and play money modes. Game Rules: Payouts are made according to the Paytable. SPIN begins the game with the currently selected BET and LINES. MAX BET selects 20 lines and maximum bet value. Payouts are displayed on the PAYTABLE. Payline wins are multiplied by the amount in bet meter. Highest win amount is paid on each selected payline. Coinciding wins on different lines are all added to your total. Scatter wins are multiplied by total bet and added to pay line wins. All symbols pay left to right on selected paylines only, except the scattered Trophy symbol, which pays anywhere in view. The wild symbol substitutes for all other symbols except scatter Trophy symbols. The wild appears only on reels 2, 3, and 4 in main game. Feature game play: When 3 or more scatters appears anywhere on main game, free spins are awarded to the player based on the number of scatter symbols appeared: 3 Scatters will award 8 free spins 4 Scatters will award 10 free spins 5 Scatters will award 15 free spins After every free spin, the football player in the game kicks the ball towards the Goal post that has the symbols on it. The symbol that is hit on the goal post turns to a sticky wild till the free spins are completed. During free spins, Wild symbols will pay according to paylines. Free spins cannot be retriggered. Paytable: Clicking on icon will open the Paytable. Game screen will be navigated to Paytable screen. Paylines: Clicking on icon and scroll down to view the paylines information. Return to the player: The theoretical return to player of this game is 96.01 %. FAQ’s: 1.I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete the game for you. You will be able to find out the result by tapping on the 'Game Logs' button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected after triggering free spin or in the middle of free spin, on reconnection, the software will automatically start the free spin round, if not already started, or resume the game where it was disconnected. After completing the feature, you can continue game play, or you can select another game of your choice. 2. What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Click on ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit. 3. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. 4. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 12/27/2021