Lucky Irish Charms Game Objective: Lucky Irish Charms is a 5x3 reels slot game with 10 fixed paylines. Free spins feature is triggered when 3 or more scattered pot symbols land in view. All the wins are made according to the paytable. PAYTABLE: Game Information: Game is played with 10 fixed number of lines. Game currently starting with minimum bet. The TOTAL BET is Number of fixed lines multiplied by the bet per line. Bet per Line can be changed by using the and buttons. The game is started by pressing the spin button with the current selected BET. Payouts are displayed on the PAYTABLE. Payline wins are multiplied by the amount ‘bet per line’ and gets added to other pay line wins. Highest win amount is paid on each payline. Wins on different bet lines are all added to your balance. Coinciding wins on different paylines are added to total balance. All symbols pay from left to right. Game messages will appear on the bottom of game screen. Winnings will be shown in the WIN bar at the bottom of the game. The game and game rules are identical in both the real-money and demo-money modes, except that demo-money games do not contribute to the jackpot amount and auto spin option will not be available in demo-money mode. How to play: Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet per line is set for all 10 FIXED lines on the slot machine. You can increase the bet per line by clicking on the button to the right of 'Bet per line', or you can decrease the bet by clicking on the button to the left. Bet and lines will not get adjusted to the next possible bet, if your balance drops below total bet placed, then click on button shown at the bottom of the game screen. LINES: Game is played with 10 FIXED paylines. MAX BET: To play with MAX BET, click on If your balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled. The number of lines are multiplied by the 'bet per line'. The total bet amount is displayed beside the 'BET' label, which can be found at the bottom of the game screen. Paytable: The Paytable can be viewed by clicking on the button. You can go back to the game by clicking on the button on the Paytable screen. Spin: Click on SPIN icon to start spinning the reels. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines will be paid according to the Paytable. Result: Wins are indicated by animated symbols, with the total win amount being shown at the bottom of the screen beside 'WIN'. Volume: icon will play the game music. Click on icon will mute the volume. AUTOSPIN: You can use this feature to choose all or any of the various options for 'hands free' game play. The available options under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will spin for the number of rotations selected from the slider menu. You can choose a maximum of 1000 spins and play until your balance is more than the total bet placed. Spin till Win equals or exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the win amount is equals or exceeds the amount entered. Spin till feature trigger: The game will automatically spin until the next feature is triggered. To make use of the Auto spin feature, click on the 'AUTO SPIN' button in the bottom right of the game screen. When the Auto spin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Select from the drop-down menu where applicable. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Similarly, click on ‘X’ button to skip the AUTO SPIN' feature and return to the game screen. When playing with multiple options and conditions selected, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be disabled. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again or opt for new option(s) and proceed with the game. 'AUTO SPIN' option is not available in the demo-money mode. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount you wagered on the previous spin. Just click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. To change your bet, increase or decrease the Bet shown on the game screen. Credits: After you have placed the desired bet, your remaining game balance is shown under ‘BALANCE’. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the ‘BALANCE’ meter and the 'BET' meter. Your game balance is shown at the bottom of the game screen. Game Settings: Volume: Player can set the volume of the sound effects and ambience by sliding through the Volume button. Sound effects: Toggle between on / off to enable or disable the game win animation sounds. Ambience sound: Toggle between on / off to enable or disable the game background sound. Quick spin: By checking this option, game play is faster than the regular spin. Spacebar to spin: By checking this option, Spacebar key can be used to trigger a spin. This option stays disabled, if spacebar is not available for a game. Game Rules: Lucky Irish Charms is a 5reel slot game with 10 Fixed paylines. All payouts are made according to the paytable. SPIN begins the game with the currently selected BET. Payline wins are multiplied by the amount bet per line. MAX BET selects 10 fixed lines and maximum bet value. Only the highest win on each payline is paid. Coinciding wins on different paylines are added to your balance . Scatter wins are added to payline wins. Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except for the Scattered (pot) symbol. Wild Substituted wins are multiplied by x2 multiplier in both base and feature games. Scattered Pot symbol will pay according to paytable and multiplied by the total bet amount. When 3 or more Scatters (pot) symbols appear anywhere on the reels triggers a Freespins feature round. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. All symbols pay from left to right starting from the left most reel, except the scattered (pot) symbol which pays anywhere in the reel Theoretical return to player is 95.01.%. The maximum win in this game is capped to 250,000 USD or its equivalent amount in your currency during the main game or Free spins. Further Free spins or line wins will be forfeited if the highest win is reached during the Free spins. Freespins Feature: Freespins feature is triggered when 3 or more scatter symbols appear anywhere on the reels during main game. Players will be awarded with 15 free spins and 3X multiplier. During free spins all symbols on reel set are covered with clover symbol and symbols will be revealed one by one after clover animation. During free spins, if 3 or more scattered (pot) symbols appear anywhere on the reels retriggers the original number of 15 Freespins with same multiplier awarded earlier. In free spins when there are 5 wild symbols on any payline, the 3X multiplier is not applicable. The payout is multiplied by amount bet per line and added to payline wins. Freespins are played with the same bet of triggering spins. Browser Panel Commands: ss Click on Rules to view the detailed rules of the game as web page. Click on History to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on Real Money/Demo to switch between real-money or demo-money mode. Click on the Deposit button to deposit money into your account. The History functionality is applicable only for the real-money game play. Return to the player: The Theoretical return to the player is 95.01%. FAQ’s: What do I do if I reach my betting limits? If your game balance drops below the minimum bet, message about insufficient money will be automatically presented. To add funds to your account, click on the “DEPOSIT” button in the right bottom of the screen, then select the desired deposit option. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you are disconnected in the middle of the base game, or jackpot game the software will automatically complete the game for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the “History” button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected after triggering or in the middle of the bonus or feature, on reconnection, the software will automatically start the disconnected bonus or feature, if not already started, or resume from where it was disconnected Malfunctions void all pays and plays. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Service team.