Loot'enKhamun and Dead Sea Scrolls Game Objective: Loot’EnKhamun is a five-reel, no-payline and ‘All Ways’ slot game with 243 possible ways to win in the main game as well as free spins. Symbols pay from left to right in consecutive combinations (Ways), including reel 1. The Scattered Hieroglyphic symbols do not pay. There are five different “Hieroglyphics” scatter symbols; one for each reel. When any three of the Scattered Hieroglyphic symbols appear anywhere in view, the Loot’EnKhamun Free Spins game is triggered. The free spins feature cannot be re-triggered within free spins. The Loot’EnKhamun Logo wild symbol substitutes for all other symbols, except for the Scattered Hieroglyphic symbols and appears on reels 1, 2, 3 and 4 only in the main game. Game Information: Loot'enKhamun and Dead Sea Scrolls is a way wins game with 243 ways to win. SPIN can be triggered by tapping the spin button with the current selected BET. The ticker messages will appear below the reel set of game screen. Bet can be changed by tapping the menu button and changing the bet meter. Payouts are displayed in the paytable . Whenever there is a win, the total BALANCE will update and the amount won in the spin is shown in the WIN meter at the bottom of the game. The game and game rules are identical in both the real-money and play-money modes, except that the auto spin option will not be available in play-money mode. Play mode will be available only in the desktop version. How to play: Spin: The SPIN button is at the bottom of the game screen in portrait mode and at the right side of the game screen in landscape mode. Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet is set. You can alter the bet by tapping and changing the bet meter as shown below. MAX BET: Click on MAX BET to select the maximum possible bet. If your balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled. AUTO SPIN:You can make use of this feature to select various options for 'hands free' game play. To make use of the ‘AUTO SPIN’ feature, tap the button. When the auto spin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you would like to play with. Tap on ‘OK’ to activate the selected options and start the spins. The available options under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will spin for the number of rotations selected from the slider menu.You can choose a maximum of 1,000 spins and play until your balance is more than the total bet placed. Number of spins for UK players with UKGC user: The game will spin for the number of rotations selected from the slider menu.You can choose a maximum of 100 spins and play until your balance is more than the total bet placed. Spin till Win equals or exceeds: The game will spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount entered in the numeric text box. Spin till feature trigger: The game will automatically spin until the feature gets triggered. Spin till Loss not exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the loss limit is reached. Loss will be calculated with (Loss = Total bets - Total wins) Total bets=accumulated total bets Total wins=accumulated total wins (((Total bets- Total wins) + current game bet) When playing with multiple options and conditions selected, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be disabled. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again or opt for new option(s) and proceed with the game. Tap the STOP SPIN button to deactivate AUTO SPIN and the normal game will be restored. Tap the Menu Icon to view options such as the paytable, bet settings, auto spin, settings, i button and Cashier. Tap the ‘Lobby’ option to navigate back to lobby screen. Tap the 'PAYTABLE' option to view paytable screen. Tap the button to go back to the game play. Tap the ‘Sound’ icon to play the game music and vice versa. Tap the ‘Cashier’ option to navigate to deposit screen. Tap anywhere on the screen to come out from the options. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount you wagered on the previous spin. Simply tap 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. To change your bet, increase or decrease the BET VALUE. Game Rules: This is an "All Way Slot". Symbols pay from left to right in any consecutive combination including reel 1, except for the Scattered Hieroglyphic symbols which pay anywhere in view. All payouts are made according to paytable. Way wins are multiplied by total bet amount. Only the highest win on each possible win combination will be paid. All possible winning combinations are added to your total. All symbols pay left to right, starting from the left-most reel, except for the jackpot. The Loot'enKhamun Logo is the Wild symbol which substitutes for all other symbols, except for Scattered Hieroglyphic symbols and appears only on 1,2,3 and 4 reels. Scatter symbols do not have any payouts. 3 or more Scattered Hieroglyphic symbols appearing anywhere on the reels awards the free spins feature. Scattered Hieroglyphic symbols do not appear during free spins. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The theoretical return to the player is 91.90%. Jackpot Contribution/RTP is 3.0004%. Bonus Rules: The free spins feature will be triggered when any 3 or more of the 5 Scattered Hieroglyphic symbols appear anywhere in view. Once the feature is triggered, players will be allowed to select a scroll from the three scrolls available. Players will be awarded with 10 free spins and a special expanding symbol. All way wins during free spins are multiplied by triggering bet of free spins. One special expanding symbol (except the Scarab) is randomly selected along with the free spins. During free spins and after paying out all applicable way wins, a special expanding symbol if appears anywhere in reel view, symbols on those reels will be replaced by special expanding symbol provided there are enough special expanding symbols for a win as per the paytable. Special expanding symbol is paid on all way wins. The free spins feature cannot be re-triggered during free spins. Once all the free spins are completed, the normal game is restored. Free spin wins are added to way wins. JACKPOT RULES: The Big One jackpot can be triggered anytime, either during normal spin, auto spin or after the Feature game. The main screen then changes to jackpot screen after the user has won jackpot game in which all the jackpots and their values are shown. There are 5 different jackpots, each of which has a unique color. All five colors are shown on the wheel: The red color represents the Blitz Cash Jackpot. The blue color represents the Quick Cash Jackpot. The pink color represents the Super Cash Jackpot. The violet color represents the Mega Cash Jackpot. The lavender color represents the Colossal Cash Jackpot. The SPIN button is shown on the right side area. By clicking on the SPIN button, the wheel rotates and stops on a particular color and the respective jackpot is awarded. When a particular jackpot is cracked, a pop-up is shown on the jackpot screen which displays the type of jackpot and the amount awarded. By clicking on 'OK' in the pop-up, it navigates to main game screen. If multiple jackpots are cracked at the same time, by clicking on 'OK' in the pop-up, the 'SPIN' button on the jackpot screen is enabled to continue further game play. You can see the current values of all five jackpots in ticker area of main game screen. The more you wager, the higher your chances of cracking the jackpot will be. Return to the player: The theoretical return to player of this game is 91.90 %. Jackpot Contribution/RTP is 3.0004% . FAQ’s: 1.I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You will be able to view the result from game logs by logging to the website. If you are disconnected in the middle of the feature round, you will be prompted to complete it after logging back in. After completing the feature round, you can continue game play, or you can select another game of your choice. 2. What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Go to the Cashier option and deposit. 3. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. 4. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Service team';