Lucky Lucky Gems Game Objective: Lucky Lucky Gems is a five-reel slot game which can be played with 10 or 20 Paylines. Symbols pay from left to right apart from the FreeSpins and Diamond symbol which pay in view. Three or more FreeSpins symbols in view, triggers the Free Spins Feature. Wild symbol substitutes for all other symbols, except for Diamond and FreeSpins Symbols. How to play: Setting 'BETS': A default bet is set when a player begins the game. Players can change the bet value in desktop mode by clicking the + or - buttons, and in mobile mode by using the bet slider in the hamburger menu. MAX BET: Click on ‘MAX BET’ to wager the maximum bet. This option will be disabled if the player balance is insufficient. Spin: To begin the game with the presently selected BET, click the SPIN button. In desktop mode, the spin button is in the center of the screen. However, in mobile mode, it is at the bottom of the screen in portrait view and on the right side of the screen in landscape view. Repeat bet/Change bet: The bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount wagered on the previous spin. Just click on the 'SPIN' button to play with the same bet. Paytable: By clicking on the ‘i’ icon located above the bet panel, Players can access the Paytable screen. Players can return to the game by clicking the close icon on the Paytable screen. In mobile view, players can access the paytable by clicking the hamburger menu and selecting the paytable option. Volume: To mute or unmute the sounds, click on the volume icon. Credits: The remaining game balance is displayed under "BALANCE" after the desired stake has been placed and the reels have spun. The sum of the amounts displayed under the 'BALANCE' meter (includes total bet value) represents the player's current game balance. Game balance field is displayed at the bottom of the game screen. 'AUTO SPIN': Select the AUTOSPIN option for hands-free play. For UK/Ontario users auto spin option will be in disabled mode. To configure Auto Spins, click on Auto spin button to open the window then select the check boxes /option you’d like to play then Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and begins the spins. Click on the auto spin button to stop the AUTO SPIN feature. The available options under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will spin for the number of rotations selected from the slider menu. You can choose a maximum of 1000 spins and play until the player balance is more than the total bet placed. Spin till Win equals or exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the win amount equals or exceeds the amount keyed in the numeric text box. Spin till Loss not exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the loss limit is reached. Loss will be calculated with (Loss = Total bets - Total wins) Total bets=accumulated total bets Total wins=accumulated total wins (((Total bets- Total wins) + current game bet) Spin till Feature trigger: The game will automatically spin until the next feature is triggered. When playing with multiple options and conditions selected, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be disabled. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again or opt for new option(s) and proceed with the game. In play-money mode, the ‘AUTO SPIN’ option will be disabled. Game Settings: To configure Game Settings, click on the ‘Settings’ icon positioned at the bottom of the game screen between Paytable and Sound icons. Volume: The volume of the sound effects can be adjusted by using a slider. Sound effects: Turn On / Off the toggle to enable or disable the Sound effects like game win animation sounds. Ambience sound: Turn On / Off the toggle to enable or disable the game level background music. Quick spin: On selecting this option, the gameplay is faster than the regular spin. For UK players this option will be in disabled mode. Space bar to spin: On selecting this option, the space bar can be used to initiate a spin. This option stays disabled if the intro video is not available for a game Mobile Options : Tap the Hamburger Menu Icon to view options like Paytable, Bet settings , Settings, “i” icon and Cashier in mobile. Tap the Home option to navigate back to lobby screen. Tap the Paytable option to view Paytable screen. Tap the back button to go back to the game play. Tap the Volume icon to play game music (vice versa). Tap the ‘ $’ option to navigate to deposit screen. GAME RULES: Lucky Lucky Gems is a 5x3 Reel slot game with 20 fixed paylines. UK users can be played on 10 or 20 paylines. 10 paylines are only available for 0.1 stake. Select SPIN to begin the game with the currently selected BET. BET amount can be changed by using the - and + buttons. All Payouts are made according to the paytable. All symbols pay from left to right, starting from the left most reel. All Payline wins are multiplied by the amount bet per line and gets added to the other payline wins. Only highest win amount is paid on each payline. In case they are equal, the Wild win is counted (e.g., Wild, Wild, Wild, Wild, King is counted as a Wild win rather than King). Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except Diamond & FreeSpins symbols. Diamond & FreeSpins symbols do not have any payout. Diamond symbol will appear only on Main game and will not appear on Free Spins Feature. The maximum win in this game is capped to 250,000 EUR or its equivalent amount in your currency during Main game or Free spins or Re-Spins or Diamond Spins Feature Round. Mini & Major Jackpot win will also be included for this maximum win. Further line wins, Re-spin wins, Free spins win, Diamond Spins Feature wins, or Mini & Major Jackpot wins will be forfeited if the highest win is reached during the game. Gameplay history can be accessed by logging into your account on the desktop website and choosing menu “Game Logs” inside any game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The theoretical return to player of this game ranges from 93.25% to 93.94% including Grand Jackpot. FREE SPINS FEATURE : 3, 4 or 5 FreeSpins symbols appearing anywhere in reels during the Main game and Re-spin Feature, triggers 5, 8 and 12 free spins respectively. Free spins are played with same bet of triggering spins. All payouts during Free spins are made according to the paytable. During Free spins Diamond symbols will not appear on reels. If any Wild symbol lands in the view in free spins, it will expand by filling the entire reel with Wilds. Expanded Wilds triggers Re-Spin Feature and Wild symbol moves down the reel. If Wild symbol lands behind an expanded Wild, then reel is refilled with Wilds and Re-Spin Feature continues. Free Spins Feature & Re-Spin Feature can be retriggered during Free Spins. Diamond Spins Feature: Diamond Spins Feature can be activated only when 3 or more Diamond symbols collected during a Re-Spin Feature. During Re-Spin Feature, Diamond symbols will be collected when lands in reel view. Only one Diamond symbol can be collected from each reel. So, maximum of 5 symbols can be collected from 5 reels. The Diamond Spins Feature will be played with 15 independent reels Initially 3 spins will be awarded in the Diamond Spins Feature, If new Diamond symbols are added then the number of spins will be reset to 3. The Diamond Spins Feature will be continued until player reaches 0 spins or after the complete grid fills. Each Diamond symbol that lands in the feature will have a random multiplier value of 5X – 100X, which will be multiplied by the amount bet per line. Jackpots can be won during the Diamond Spins Feature: If one entire row is filled with Diamond Symbols, then Mini Jackpot is awarded. If two entire rows are filled with Diamond Symbols, then Major Jackpot is awarded. If three entire rows are filled with Diamond Symbols, then Grand Jackpot is awarded. Mini Jackpot: It is a fixed jackpot and awards 20X times to the total bet placed. Major Jackpot: It is a fixed jackpot and awards 100X times to the total bet placed. Mini and Major Jackpots are fixed jackpots and will not take any contributions from players bet placed. Grand Jackpot: It is a progressive jackpot. Whenever a bet is placed, some portion of the bet will be added to the jackpot amount. Maximum amount that can be won for Grand jackpot is 250,000 EUR or its equivalent amount in your currency. Player can win jackpot in Diamond Spins Feature only. Player will be awarded with only one Jackpot at a time, if player has won both Mini and Major jackpots then Major Jackpot will take precedence. If player has won all the 3 Jackpots then Grand Jackpot will take precedence over other 2 Jackpots. Re-Spin Feature: When a Wild symbol appears on any reel and the Re-Spin Feature is awarded. Re-spins will be awarded and the Wild symbol drops down the reel by 1 position. If a Wild symbol lands behind the activated Wild during Re-Spin, then the entire reel is converted to Stacked Wild (Stack of 3 wild) And Re-Spin Feature continues with Wilds moving downwards. Re-Spins are repeated until there are no Wilds in view. This Re-Spin Feature is awarded in both Main game & Free Spins Feature. Both Diamond Spins Feature & Free Spins Feature can be won during Re-Spin Feature. Re-Spins are played with the same bet of the triggering spins. Diamond or Free Spins symbols landing behind Wild symbol will not be considered for feature triggering. Browser Button Panel Commands: Click on Game Rules to view the detailed rules of the game as a web page. Click on Game Logs to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on Responsible Gaming to open Responsible Gaming page. Click on Real/Play to switch between real-money or play-money mode. Click on Star to add or remove the game from your favorites. Click on the ‘ Deposit’ button to deposit money into your account. The Game logs functionality is applicable only for real-money game play. Return to the player: The theoretical return to player of this game ranges from 93.25% to 93.94% including Grand Jackpot. FAQ’s: I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game logs' button once you have logged back in. What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Click on ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Service team. Last modification date: 8/8/2023