Loot' EnKhamun and Dead Sea scrolls Game Objective: Loot’EnKhamun and Dead Sea Scrolls is a five-reel, no-payline and ‘All Ways’ slot game with 243 possible ways to win in the main game as well as free spins. Symbols pay from left to right in consecutive combinations (Ways), including reel 1. The Scattered Hieroglyphic symbols do not pay. There are five different “Hieroglyphics” scatter symbols, one for each reel. When any three of the Scattered Hieroglyphic symbols appear anywhere in view, the Loot’EnKhamun Free Spins game is triggered. The free spins feature cannot be re-triggered within free spins. The Loot’EnKhamun Logo wild symbol substitutes for all symbols, except for Scattered Hieroglyphic symbols and appears only on reels 1, 2, 3,4 reels in main game and does not appear in reel 5 in the main game. Wild symbol will appear on all reels in Free spins. How to play: Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet is set. You can change the bet per win by clicking the or buttons either side of the BET meter. The bet is 1 time of the bet value and is shown near BET in the lower left of the screen. MAX BET: Click on MAX BET to select the maximum possible bet. If your balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled. Paytable: The paytable can be viewed by clicking on the button located in a panel above the bet panel. The prizes displayed in the paytable are per unit bet and are shown as multipliers. You can go back to the game by clicking on the button on the paytable screen. Spin: The SPIN button in the lower right corner starts the game. Volume:The icon will play the game music. Click on the icon to mute the volume . CREDITS: Your remaining game balance after you have placed the desired bet is shown in ‘BALANCE’ meter i.e. the current game balance minus the total bet placed. 'AUTOSPIN': Select the AUTOSPIN for hands-free play. The available options are: Number of spins: : The game will spin for the number of rotations selected from the slider menu. You can choose a maximum of 50 spins and play until your balance is more than the total bet placed. Spin till Win equals or exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the win amount is equals or exceeds the amount entered. Spin till feature trigger: The game will automatically spin until the next feature is triggered. The auto spin game is terminated whenever The Big One Jackpot is triggered between auto spins. To make use of the Auto spin feature, click on the 'AUTOSPIN' button in the bottom of the game screen. When the Auto spin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Select from the drop-down menu where applicable. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Similarly, click on Stop Auto spin button to stop the AUTO SPIN feature and return to the game screen. When playing with multiple options and conditions selected, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be disabled. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again or opt for new option(s) and proceed with the game. 'AUTO SPIN' option will be disabled in the play-money mode. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount you wagered on the previous spin. Just click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. ­To change your bet, increase or decrease the Bet shown on the game screen. Credits: After you have placed the desired bet, your remaining game balance is shown under ‘BALANCE’. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the ‘BALANCE’ meter and the 'BET' meter. Your game balance is shown at the bottom of the game screen. Game Settings: To make use of Game Settings, click on the Game Settings button at the bottom of the game screen in between Paytable and Sound icons. Volume: Players can set the volume of the sound effects and ambience by sliding using the volume button. Sound effects: Toggle between On / Off to enable or disable the game win animation sounds. Ambience sound: Toggle between On / Off to enable or disable the game background sound. Quick spin: By checking this option, game play is faster than the regular spin. Space bar to spin: By checking this option, the space bar can be used to trigger a spin. This option stays disabled if the intro video is not available for a game. The reel structure numbering for winning combinations in main game and free spin game is as below: Main game: 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 Free spin game: 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 If two of the same symbols appear on reel 1 and 2, followed by three of that symbol appears on reel 3 in different rows, the way win does not pay for 5 of that symbol combination together. Instead, it will pay for 3 separate way wins using those 3 of the same symbols appearing on reel 3. e.g. If symbol nine lands on reel 1 and 2, and 3 x nine symbols land on reel 3, there will be three different way wins for the symbol nine. Each way would be a win with three consecutive occurrences of the symbol nine. The reel positions for the symbol nine way wins will be as below: 0, 1, 2 0, 1, 7 0, 1, 12 Way wins are multiplied by total bet amount. The Scattered Hieroglyphic symbols do not have any payout. There are 243 possible ways to win in the main game as well as free spins. Game Rules: This is an "All Way Slot". Symbols pay from left to right in any consecutive combination including reel 1, except for the Scattered Hieroglyphic symbols which pay anywhere in view. All payouts are made according to paytable. Way wins are multiplied by total bet amount. Only the highest win on each possible win combination will be paid. All possible winning combinations are added to your total. All symbols pay left to right, starting from the left-most reel, except for the Scatter Hieroglyphic symbols. The Loot'enKhamun Logo is the Wild symbol and substitutes for all other symbols, except for the Scattered Hieroglyphic symbols and appears only on 1,2,3 and 4 reels and doesn't appear in reel 5 in main game. Wild symbol will appear on all reels in Free spins. Wild symbol does not have any payout. Scatter Hieroglyphic symbols do not have any payouts. 3 or more Scattered Hieroglyphic symbols appearing anywhere on the reels awards the free spins feature. Scattered Hieroglyphic symbols do not appear during free spins. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The theoretical return to player of this game including jackpot is 94.90 %. The theoretical return to player of this game excluding jackpot is 91.90 %. Bonus Rules: The free spins feature will be triggered when any 3 or more of the 5 Scattered Hieroglyphic symbols appear anywhere in view. Once the feature is triggered, players will be allowed to select a scroll from the three scrolls available. Players will be awarded with 10 free spins and a special expanding symbol. All way wins during free spins are multiplied by triggering bet of free spins. One special expanding symbol (except the Scarab) is randomly selected along with the free spins. During free spins and after paying out all applicable way wins, a special expanding symbol if appears anywhere in reel view, symbols on those reels will be replaced by special expanding symbol provided there are enough special expanding symbols for a win as per the paytable. Special expanding symbol is paid on all way wins. The free spins feature cannot be re-triggered during free spins. Once all the free spins are completed, the normal game is restored. Free spin wins are added to way wins. JACKPOT RULES: The Big One jackpot can be triggered anytime, either during normal spin, auto spin or after the feature game. The main screen then changes to jackpot screen after the user has won jackpot game in which all the jackpots and their values are listed on the left side area and a wheel is displayed on the right side area. There are 5 different jackpots, each of which has a unique color. All five colors are shown on the wheel: The orange color represents the Blitz Cash Jackpot. The red color represents the Quick Cash Jackpot. The blue color represents the Super Cash Jackpot. The green color represents the Mega Cash Jackpot. The lavender color represents the Colossal Cash Jackpot. The SPIN button is shown on the right side area. By clicking on the SPIN button, the wheel rotates and stops on a color and the respective jackpot is awarded. You can see the current values of all five jackpots in the right side area of the main game screen. Big One Jackpots have two pools for each jackpot tier, current instance pool and reserve pool During game play a % of the total bet (mentioned below) is contributed towards both the pools Jackpot Name Initial Seed (CAD) Instance Contribution % Reserve Contribution % The Big One Colossal Cash $125,000.00 0.44% 0.7504% The Big One Mega Cash $10,000.00 0.12% 0.20% The Big One Super Cash $1,000.00 0.01% 0.10% The Big One Quick Cash $500.00 0.10% 0.36% The Big One Blitz Cash $50.00 0.12% 0.80% Each jackpot starts with initial seed amount. Initial Jackpot seed is funded by “The House”, and the subsequent instances are funded from reserve pool, the amount accumulated in reserve pool becomes the next seed Big One jackpots are played across multiple games and all games have equal probability of winning the jackpot A jackpot instance can only won by one player, and this applies for all Jackpot tiers. In-case of network disconnections during the Jackpot wheel feature, jackpot win will be credited to player account balance automatically. The jackpot is triggered randomly. A wager of $1.35 or more will be eligible for jackpot win. The number of spins awarded in jackpot screen equals the number of jackpots awarded. Only real money play will contribute to the jackpot amount. The win capping does not apply to jackpot wins. Jackpot contributions and triggering will not be applicable for games played on "play for fun/demo" mode The maximum jackpot amount player can get from each of the above jackpot is 1,000,000 CAD. Browser Button Panel Commands: Click on Rules to view the detailed rules of the game as web page. Click on History to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on Real Money/Demo to switch between real-money or play-money mode. Click on Star to add or remove game from your favorites. Click on the Deposit button to deposit money into your account. The History functionality is applicable only for the real-money game play. FAQ’s: 1. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the History' button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected in the middle of the feature round, you will be prompted to complete it after logging back in. After completing the gamble feature, you can continue game play, or you can select another game of your choice. 2. What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Click on ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit. 3. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. 4. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Service team.