Luck O' The Jackpot Game Objective: Luck O’ The Jackpot is a slot game including The Big One jackpot. This game is played on a unique reel display of 2, 2, 3, 4, 4 symbols per reel for 192 ways to win. When 3 or more scatter symbols appear on the game view, the bonus game feature is triggered. The feature screen with the wine cave and 9 closed barrels is displayed where the player is required to click on any 3 barrels to collect random number of free spins and multipliers. During free games, any 3 or more scatters retrigger the original number of free games. Game Information: The game rules and payouts are identical in both the real-money and play-money modes, except that play-money mode does not contribute to the jackpot amount and autospin option will not be available in play-money mode. Jackpots cannot be won during play-money games. The Big One jackpot: The Big One jackpot consists of five jackpots at different levels; the levels are - from the lowest to the highest – the Blitz Cash Jackpot, the Quick Cash Jackpot, the Super Cash Jackpot, the Mega Cash Jackpot and the Colossal Cash Jackpot. All five jackpots grow progressively as bets are placed. For each spin, the house adds a small credit to each of the five running jackpots. All five levels in The Big One jackpot can be won irrespective of hitting any winning combination while betting any amount. The jackpot is triggered randomly. The larger the wager, the higher the chances of cracking a jackpot will be. Free spins cannot trigger jackpots. How to play: Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet is set. You can change the bet per win by clicking the or buttons available on either side of the BET meter. The bet is 50 times the bet per win and is shown near BET in the lower left of the screen. MAX BET: Click on MAX BET to select the maximum possible bet. If your balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled. Paytable: The Paytable can be viewed either by clicking the button located in bottom of game screen beside ‘BET’ label or by clicking button located at the bottom of the screen beside Ways to win text. The prizes displayed in the Paytable are per unit bet, and are shown as multipliers. You can go back to the game by clicking on the button on the Paytable screen. Spin: The SPIN button in the lower right corner starts the game. Volume: icon will play the game music. Click on icon will mute the volume . CREDITS: Your remaining game balance, after you have placed the desired bet, is shown in ‘BALANCE’ meter i.e. the current game balance minus the total bet placed. 'AUTOSPIN': Select the AUTOSPIN for hands-free play. The available options are: Number of spins: The game will automatically spin for the number of spins selected from the drop-down menu. You can choose any number of games and play until your balance is less than the total bet placed. Spin till Win equals or exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the win amount equals or exceeds the amount entered Autospin game is terminated whenever The Big One Jackpot is triggered in-between the Autospin. To make use of the autospin feature, click on the 'AUTOSPIN' button in the bottom right of the game screen. When the autospin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Select from the drop-down menu where applicable and click ‘Ok’ button to activate the selected options and start the spins. Similarly, click the ‘X’ on the autospin window to exit the 'AUTOSPIN' feature and return to the game screen. When playing with multiple options and conditions selected, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be disabled. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again or opt for new option(s) and proceed with the game. Click on the STOP SPIN to deactivate AUTOSPIN and the normal game will be restored. Please note: the AUTOSPIN option is not available in play-money mode. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount you wagered on the previous spin. Just click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. To change your bet, increase the bet meter shown on the game screen.­ All winning symbols will be animated in addition to jackpot location animation and background animations. The total win amount is shown in the WIN meter at the bottom right of the screen. Your remaining game balance is shown near the BALANCE meter at the bottom of the screen. Browser Button Panel Commands: Click on Rules to view game rules of the game. Click on History to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on the Deposit button to add funds to your account. Click on Real/Demo to switch between real-money or play-money game modes. The History functionality is applicable only for the real-money game play. Game Rules: Select SPIN to begin the game with the currently selected BET. BET amount can be changed by using the - and + buttons. The total bet is 50 times bet per win. All wins are multiplied by bet per win. All wins, except jackpots, are paid according to the Paytable. Only the highest win on each possible way will be paid. Jackpots wins are paid as shown. All symbols pay left to right, starting with the left most reel, except for scatters and jackpots. Scatters pay anywhere in view. Way wins, scatter wins and jackpots wins are added. If you have 2 or more matching symbols (including wild substitutes), you will receive a payout as defined in the Paytable. All possible winning combinations are added to your total. Players are responsible for ensuring correct bet selection. Features: Jackpot game: The Big One jackpot can be triggered anytime, either during normal spin, auto spin or after the Feature game. The main screen then changes to jackpot screen after the user has won jackpot game in which all the jackpots and their values are listed. There are 5 different jackpots, each of which has a unique color. All five colors are shown on the wheel. The orange color represents the Blitz Cash Jackpot The red color represents the Quick Cash Jackpot. The blue color represents the Super Cash Jackpot. The green color represents Mega Cash Jackpot. The lavender color represents Colossal Cash Jackpot. The spin button is shown on the control panel. By clicking on the SPIN button, the wheel rotates and stops on a particular color and the respective jackpot is awarded. When a particular jackpot is cracked, a pop-up is shown on the jackpot screen which displays the type of jackpot and the amount awarded. By clicking on "OK" in the pop-up, it navigates to main game screen. If multiple jackpots are cracked at the same time, by clicking on "OK" in the pop-up, the "SPIN" button on the jackpot screen is enabled to continue further game play. You can see the current values of all five jackpots in the jackpot ticker area in the main game screen. Big One Jackpots have two pools for each jackpot tier, current instance pool and reserve pool During game play a % of the total bet (mentioned below) is contributed towards both the pools Jackpot Name Initial Seed (USD) Instance Contribution % Reserve Contribution % The Big One Colossal Cash $ 1,000,000.00 0.964% 1.25% The Big One Mega Cash $ 10,000.00 0.1% 0.125% The Big One Super Cash $750.00 0.03% 0.015% The Big One Quick Cash $200.00 0.1% 0.1% The Big One Blitz Cash $40.00 0.12% 0.2% Each jackpot starts with initial seed amount. Initial Jackpot seed is funded by “The House”, and the subsequent instances are funded from reserve pool, the amount accumulated in reserve pool becomes the next seed. Big One jackpots are played across multiple games and all games have equal probability of winning the jackpot A jackpot instance can only won by one player, and this applies for all Jackpot tiers. In-case of network disconnections during the Jackpot wheel feature, jackpot win will be credited to player account balance automatically. The jackpot is triggered randomly. Any bet is eligible for jackpot. The more you wager the higher the chances of hitting the jackpot. The number of spins awarded in jackpot screen equals the number of jackpots awarded. Only real money play will contribute to the jackpot amount. Jackpot contributions and triggering will not be applicable for games played on "play for fun/demo" mode. The maximum jackpot amount player can get from each of the above jackpot is 10,000,000 USD. Jackpot Contribution/RTP is 3.004%. Feature game play: When 3 or more Scatter symbols appear on the game view, the feature game is triggered. The player is then moved to the feature screen in which there is a wine cave where 9 closed barrels and text are displayed with an explanation: "Select a barrel to reveal free games and multiplier!" will be displayed. When the player chooses 3 barrels, the number of free games and multiplier are added and displayed on the screen. At the end of 3 attempts, the player is shown a message with the number of free games collected and a multiplier. The number of free games awarded are from 6 to 10 and the multiplier awarded is from 1 to 5. After the player has collected free games and a multiplier, they will be taken to the free spins round. The background image for free games is changed. The free spin rounds start and the player should not use the SPIN button for next spin between these rounds. During free games, the bet per win is the same as the game that triggered the feature. During free games, all wins are multiplied by the free game multiplier. During free games, any 3 or more SCATTERS will retrigger the original number of free games. Once all free spin rounds are completed, the player is displayed with a final message that shows the number of rounds played and the amount of money won. Paytable: The PAYTABLE can be viewed by clicking on the “i” button. All symbols pay from left to right, except for scatters. Return to the Player: The theoretical return to player of this game is 95.00%. Adding funds to your account To add funds to your account, click on ‘Deposit’ button either on the right bottom of the screen or on the “Deposit” button on the lobby, then select the desired deposit method and make the payment. FAQ’s: What do I do if I reach my betting limits? If your game balance drops below the minimum bet, message about insufficient money will be automatically presented. To add funds to your account, click on the “DEPOSIT” button in the right bottom of the screen, then select the desired deposit option. I could not complete the game. What should I do? Malfunctions void all pays and plays. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Service team. Last modification date: 6/10/2024