Legacy of Horus LEGACY OF HORUS GAME OBJECTIVE: Legacy of Horus is a five reel 10 payline slot game with free spins and gamble features. When 3 or more scatter (Legacy) symbols appear anywhere in reel view, the feature screen is displayed. 8 free spins will be awarded along with a special expanding symbol for free spins. Free spins can be re-triggered, Which adds one more special expanding symbol to the existing symbol(s). Winnings in this game can be gambled to Gamble Feature. HOW TO PLAY: Setting 'BETS': When player enter the game, a default bet is set. Player can change the bet value by clicking the + or - buttons either side of the BET meter in desktop. Player can alter the bet by tapping hamburger menu and changing the bet meter in mobile. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount Player wagered on the previous spin. Just click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. To change Player bet, increase or decrease the bet shown on the game screen. MAX BET: Click on ‘MAX BET’ to select the maximum possible bet. If Player balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled in desktop. Spin: The SPIN button in the middle starts the game in desktop. The SPIN button is at the bottom of the game screen in portrait mode and at the right side of the game screen in landscape mode in mobile. Paytable : The Paytable can be viewed by clicking on the ‘ i ’ button located above the bet panel. player can go back to the game by clicking on the down arrow in the Paytable screen. Volume: The volume icon will play the game music. Click on the volume icon to mute the volume. Credits: After player have placed the desired bet, player remaining game balance is shown under ‘BALANCE’. Playe r current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the ‘BALANCE’ meter and the 'BET' meter. Player game balance is shown at the bottom of the game screen. 'AUTOSPIN': Select the AUTOSPIN for hands-free play. To make use of the Auto spin feature, click on the 'AUTOSPIN' button in the bottom of the game screen. When the auto spin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Select from the drop-down menu where applicable. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Similarly, click on stop auto spin button to stop the AUTO SPIN feature and return to the game screen. The available options under this feature are: Number of spins : The game will spin for the number of rotations selected from the slider menu. Player can choose a maximum of 50 spins and play until player balance is more than the total bet placed. Spin till Win equals or exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the win amount equals or exceeds the amount entered in the numeric text box. When playing with multiple options and conditions selected, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be disabled. Player can then choose to either select the same set of options again or opt for new option(s) and proceed with the game. 'AUTO SPIN' option will be disabled in the play-money mode. GAME SETTINGS: To make use of Game Settings, click on the ‘settings button’ at the bottom of the game screen in between Paytable and Sound icons. Volume: Players can set the volume of the sound effects and ambience by sliding using the volume button. Sound effects: Toggle between on / off to enable or disable the game win animation sounds. Ambience sound: Toggle between on / off to enable or disable the game background sound. Quick spin: By checking this option, game play is faster than the regular spin and for UK player this option will be in disabled mode. Space bar to spin: By checking this option, the space bar can be used to trigger a spin in desktop. This option stays disabled if the intro video is not available for a game. MOBILE OPTIONS: Tap the Hamburger Menu Icon to view options such as the Paytable, bet settings, auto spin, settings, “i” button and Cashier in mobile. Tap the Home option to navigate back to lobby screen. Tap the Paytable option to view Paytable screen. Tap back button to go back to the game play. Tap the Volume icon to play the game music and vice versa. Tap the ‘ $’ option to navigate to deposit screen. Tap anywhere on the screen to come out from the options. GAME RULES: Legacy of Horus game can be played with 10 variable paylines. Payouts are made according to the paytable. SPIN begins the game with the currently selected BET and LINES. Payline wins are multiplied by the amount bet per line. All symbols pay left to right, starting with the left most reel, except for scatter symbol, which pays anywhere in view. The highest win amount is paid on each selected payline. Coinciding wins on different lines are all added to your total win. Scatter wins are multiplied by total bet and added to payline wins. All symbols pay from left to right, except Scattered Book symbols which pay anywhere in view. Wild (Obelisk) symbols substitute for all symbols and only highest win amount will be paid. 2 or more Wild Obelisk symbols appearing on a payline will award payout according to paytable. Obelisk symbol acting as a Wild symbol, payouts mentioned in the paytable will be multiplied by the amount bet per line. Obelisk symbol acting as Scatter, payouts mentioned in paytable will be multiplied by the amount total bet. The Gamble feature will be activated for all applicable wins in main game only except when the free spin feature is triggered. Gamble option will not be available during free spins. All wins occur on selected lines only, except Scatter which pays anywhere in view. The maximum win in this game is capped to 250,000 USD or its equivalent amount in your currency during Free spins. Further Wins or Free spins or expanding symbol wins will be forfeited if maximum win amount is reached during the free spins. The min bet is $0.01 and the max bet is $30.00. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The theoretical return to player of this game 95,19%. Triggering 3 Obelisk Scatter symbols will pay 2x, 4 Obelisk will pay 20x and 5 Obelisk will pay 200x of the total bet. Player can gamble any win up to 500x of his total bet. For wins exceeding 500 times of the total bet, gamble feature will not be triggered. All pays are shown in USD currency. Gamble Feature: Click Gamble button to activate the Gamble feature. If the showcased card color and the player choice match, then the win is doubled. Player can gamble up to four times in succession. If there is a mismatch, the player loses all the amount. The player can quit the Gamble feature at any time by pressing COLLECT. During Auto spins, Gamble feature will not be available with an exception for free spins. When the Gamble/Collect is active, then space bar hit will collect the win amount and proceed with spin. Free Spin Feature: 3 or more Obelisk symbols appearing anywhere on the reels trigger the Free Spin Feature game. Free spins are played at the same number of selected lines and bet per line of the triggering spin. 8 Free Spins will be triggered. One symbol (excluding Obelisk) will be randomly selected as Special Expanding symbol. During free spins, 3 or more scatters retrigger the original number of free spins with a chance of selecting a symbol out of 8 remaining symbols as Special Expanding symbol excluding Obelisk symbol. If all the 8 symbols are selected as Special Expanding symbols, Re-triggering of feature will award only 8 extra spins. Player can see the symbols selected as Special Expanding symbols in the top panel of Feature game screen. Only Special Expanding symbol payout is paid when symbols in reel set are replaced by Special expanding symbol. The Special Expanding symbol cannot be substituted by a Wild Obelisk symbol during free spins after expansion. Special Expanding Symbol: One special expanding symbol (excluding Obelisk) is randomly selected at the start of the free spins. During free spins and after paying out for all winning paylines, if the special expanding symbol appears anywhere in reel view, Symbols on those reels are replaced by the special expanding symbol, provided there are enough special expanding symbols for a win as per the paytable. Special expanding symbols are evaluated and paid irrespective of direction after initially paying all line wins. If more than one Special Expanding symbols are selected, then the symbol expansion happens one after the other and no other symbol payout are awarded. The special expanding symbol is paid on selected paylines only. Browser Panel Commands: Click on Rules to view the detailed rules of the game as web page. Click on History to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on Real Money/Demo to switch between real-money or play-money mode. Click on the Deposit button to deposit money into your account. The History functionality is applicable only for the real-money game play. FAQ’s: 1. What do I do if I reach my betting limits? If your game balance drops below the minimum bet, message about insufficient money will be automatically presented. To add funds to your account, click on the “DEPOSIT” button in the right bottom of the screen, then select the desired deposit option. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you are disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete the game for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the “History” button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected after triggering or in the middle of the gamble or feature round, on reconnection, the software will automatically start the disconnected bonus or feature, if not already started, or resume from where it was disconnected Malfunction voids all pays and plays. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Service team.