Loot'EnKhamun Game Objective: Loot’EnKhamun is a five-reel, no paylines and ‘All Ways’ slot game with 243 possible ways to win in the main game and 1024 Ways to win in free spins. Symbols pay from left to right in consecutive combinations (Ways) including reel 1. The scattered hieroglyphic symbols do not pay. There are five different “hieroglyphics” scatter symbols; one for each reel. As a scatter symbol lands the small replica hieroglyphic to the left of the reels highlight. When any three of the hieroglyphic scatter symbols appear anywhere in view, the Loot’EnKhamun Free Spins game is triggered. The free spins feature cannot be retriggered within free spins. Loot’EnKhamun Logo wild symbol substitutes for all other symbols, except scattered hieroglyphic symbols and appears on reels 1, 2, 3 and 4 only in the base game. Game Information: The game rules and payouts are identical in both the real-money and play-money modes, except that play-money mode does not contribute to the jackpot amount and Autospin option will not be available in play-money mode. Jackpots cannot be won during play-money games. The Big One jackpot: The Big One jackpot consists of five jackpots at different levels; the levels are - from the lowest to the highest – the Blitz Cash Jackpot, the Quick Cash Jackpot, the Super Cash Jackpot, the Mega Cash Jackpot and the Colossal Cash Jackpot. All five jackpots grow progressively as bets are placed. For each spin, the house adds a small credit to each of the five running jackpots. All five levels in The Big One jackpot can be won irrespective of hitting any winning combination, while betting any amount. Jackpot is triggered randomly. The larger the wager, the higher the chances to win a jackpot. Free spins cannot trigger jackpots. If there is a jackpot which has triggered during the main game which also triggers Free spins, then the jackpot feature is played and shown after the Free spins feature play. How to play: Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet is set. You can change the bet per win by clicking the or buttons either side of the BET meter. All wins are multiplied by total bet. MAX BET: Click on MAX BET to select the maximum possible bet. If your balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled. Paytable: The Paytable can be viewed either by clicking the button located in bottom of game screen beside ‘BET’ label or by clicking button located at the bottom of the screen beside the Ways to win text. The prizes displayed in the Paytable are per unit bet, and are shown as multipliers. You can go back to the game by clicking on the button on the Paytable screen. Spin: The SPIN button in the lower right corner starts the game. Volume: icon will play the game music. Click on icon will mute the volume . CREDITS: Your remaining game balance, after you have placed the desired bet, is shown in ‘BALANCE’ meter i.e. the current game balance minus the total bet placed. AUTOSPIN': Select the AUTOSPIN for hands-free play. The available options are: Number of spins: The game will automatically spin for the number of spins selected from the drop-down menu. You can choose any number of games and play until your balance is less than the total bet placed. Spin till Win equals or exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the win amount is equals or exceeds the amount entered. Spin till feature trigger: The game will automatically spin until the next feature is triggered. Autospin game is terminated whenever The Big One Jackpot is triggered in-between the Autospin. To make use of the autospin feature, click on the 'AUTOSPIN' button in the bottom right of the game screen. When the autospin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Select from the drop-down menu where applicable and click ‘Ok’ button to activate the selected options and start the spins. Similarly, click the ‘X’ on the autospin window to exit the 'AUTOSPIN' feature and return to the game screen. When playing with multiple options and conditions selected, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be disabled. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again or opt for new option(s) and proceed with the game. Click on the STOP SPIN to deactivate AUTOSPIN and the normal game will be restored. Please note: the AUTOSPIN option is not available in play-money mode. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount you wagered on the previous spin. Just click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. To change your bet, increase the bet meter shown on the game screen.­ All winning symbols will be animated in addition to jackpot location animation and background animations. The total win amount is shown in the WIN meter at the bottom right of the screen. Your remaining game balance is shown near the BALANCE meter at the bottom of the screen. The reel structure numbering for winning combinations in main game and Free spin game is as below: Main game: 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 Free spin game: 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 If two of the same symbols appear in reel 1 and 2 followed by three of that symbol appears on reel 3 in different rows, then way win does not pay for 5 of that symbol combination together. But it will pay for 3 separate way wins using those 3 of the same symbols appearing on reel 3. E.g. If symbol Nine lands on reel 1 and 2 and three symbols of Nine land on reel 3, then there will be three different Way wins for symbol Nine. Each way would be a win with three consecutive occurrences of symbol Nine. The reel positions for the symbol Nine way wins will be as below: 0, 1, 2 0, 1, 7 0, 1, 12 Way wins are multiplied by total bet amount. The scattered hieroglyphic symbols do not have any payout. There are 243 possible ways to win in the main game. During free spins, there are 1024 ways to win as there are 4 symbols on each reel. Browser Button Panel Commands: Click on Rules to view game rules of the game. Click on History to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on the Deposit button to add funds to your account. Click on Real/Demo to switch between real-money or play-money game modes. The History functionality is applicable only for the real-money game play. Game Rules: No Paylines – All Ways slot – 243 Ways in main game, 1024 Ways in free spins. 5 reel slot - 5 x 3 slot view in main game, 5 x 4 slot view in free spins. Select SPIN to begin the game with the currently selected BET. BET amount can be changed by using the ‘-‘ and ‘+’ buttons. All wins are multiplied by total bet. All wins, except jackpots, are paid according to the Paytable. Only the highest winning combination made with at least one non-wild symbol is awarded on each way. Jackpots wins are paid as shown. If we have 3 or more matching symbols (including wild substitutes) we will receive a payout as defined in the paytable. Coinciding Way wins on different reel positions are all added to the total. All symbols pay left to right, starting from the left-most reel, except for the jackpot. Scatters do not have any payouts. Way wins and jackpots wins are added. 3 or more scattered hieroglyph symbols appearing anywhere on the reels awards the free spins feature. All possible winning combinations are added to your total. Players are responsible for ensuring correct bet selection. There are five different “hieroglyphics” Scatter symbols, one for each reel. Scatter symbols do not appear during Free Spins. Loot’EnKhamun Logo is the wild symbol, which substitutes for all other symbols except scattered hieroglyphic symbols. Loot’EnKhamun Logo appears only on reels 1, 2, 3, and 4. Features: Jackpot game: Jackpot feature round The Big One jackpot can be triggered anytime, either during normal spin, auto spin or after the Feature game. The main screen then changes to jackpot screen after the user has won jackpot game in which all the jackpots and their values are listed. There are 5 different jackpots, each of which has a unique color. All five colors are shown on the wheel. The orange color represents the Blitz Cash Jackpot The red color represents the Quick Cash Jackpot. The blue color represents the Super Cash Jackpot. The green color represents Mega Cash Jackpot. The lavender color represents Colossal Cash Jackpot. The spin button is shown on the control panel. By clicking on the SPIN button, the wheel rotates and stops on a particular color and the respective jackpot is awarded. When a particular jackpot is cracked, a pop-up is shown on the jackpot screen which displays the type of jackpot and the amount awarded. By clicking on "OK" in the pop-up, it navigates to main game screen. If multiple jackpots are cracked at the same time, by clicking on "OK" in the pop-up, the "SPIN" button on the jackpot screen is enabled to continue further game play. You can see the current values of all five jackpots in the jackpot ticker area in the main game screen. Big One Jackpots have two pools for each jackpot tier, current instance pool and reserve pool During game play a % of the total bet (mentioned below) is contributed towards both the pools Jackpot Name Initial Seed (USD) Instance Contribution % Reserve Contribution % The Big One Colossal Cash $ 1,000,000.00 0.964% 1.25% The Big One Mega Cash $ 10,000.00 0.1% 0.125% The Big One Super Cash $750.00 0.03% 0.015% The Big One Quick Cash $200.00 0.1% 0.1% The Big One Blitz Cash $40.00 0.12% 0.2% Each jackpot starts with initial seed amount. Initial Jackpot seed is funded by “The House”, and the subsequent instances are funded from reserve pool, the amount accumulated in reserve pool becomes the next seed. Big One jackpots are played across multiple games and all games have equal probability of winning the jackpot A jackpot instance can only won by one player, and this applies for all Jackpot tiers. In-case of network disconnections during the Jackpot wheel feature, jackpot win will be credited to player account balance automatically. The jackpot is triggered randomly. Any bet is eligible for jackpot. The more you wager the higher the chances of hitting the jackpot. The number of spins awarded in jackpot screen equals the number of jackpots awarded. Only real money play will contribute to the jackpot amount. Jackpot contributions and triggering will not be applicable for games played on "play for fun/demo" mode. The maximum jackpot amount player can get from each of the above jackpot is 10,000,000 USD. Jackpot Contribution/RTP is 3.004%. Feature game play: The Free Spins feature is triggered when any of the 3 or more scattered hieroglyphic symbols appear anywhere in view. Feature screen is shown. If the player has chosen the correct slab then it turns to gold and the free spins and multiplier won will be displayed within the cuboid. This count is then added to the total count of free spins and multipliers situated on top. A wrong stone is picked and bonus game ends. If the Professor makes it to the last row of three slabs then the “You have won” screen appears showing how many free spins and multipliers the player has won. The player is then taken to the Free spins round. Free spins is displayed in the 4 X 5 slot view. All Way wins during free spins are multiplied by the free spins multiplier awarded. The Free Spins feature cannot be retriggered during free spins. Once all the free spins are completed, normal game is restored. Free spins are played at the same bet of the triggering game. The number of free spins and free spins multiplier denoted are random. Number of free spins awarded with each trigger, ranges from 6 to 30 and the multiplier awarded with each trigger, ranges from 2 to 8. Free Spin wins are added to Way wins. Paytable: The PAYTABLE can be viewed by clicking on the “i” button. All symbols pay from left to right only. Return to the Player: The theoretical return to player of this game is 93.69%. Adding funds to your account To add funds to your account, click on ‘Deposit’ button either on the right bottom of the screen or on the “Deposit” button on the lobby, then select the desired deposit method and make the payment. FAQ’s: What do I do if I reach my betting limits? If your game balance drops below the minimum bet, message about insufficient money will be automatically presented. To add funds to your account, click on the “DEPOSIT” button in the right bottom of the screen, then select the desired deposit option. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you are disconnected in the middle of the base game, or jackpot game the software will automatically complete the game for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the “History” button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected after triggering or in the middle of the bonus or feature, on reconnection, the software will automatically start the disconnected bonus or feature, if not already started, or resume from where it was disconnected Malfunctions void all pays and plays. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Service team.