Mega Fortune Wheel Game Objective: Mega Fortune Wheel is a five-reel, multi-payline 'Gold Jackpot' slot game. You win based on the combination of the various symbols displayed on the selected winning payline(s). The paytable in game shows how much you will win for each combination. Game Information: The game is played with 9 variable number of lines. When you enter the game, a default total bet is set. The total BET is the number of variable lines multiplied by the selected Bet per Line. The Bet per Line can be changed by using the and buttons. SPIN can be triggered by clicking on the Spin button with the current selected Lines and BET. Payouts are displayed in the PAYTABLE. Payline wins are multiplied by the amount ‘Bet per Line’ and are added to other payline wins. The highest winning amount is paid on each selected payline. All symbols pay from left to right starting with the left-most reel, except for the Scattered Wheel symbol which pays anywhere in view. Diamond symbols substitute for all symbols except for the Scattered Wheel Symbol. Diamond symbols will appear only on 2, 3 and 4 reels. Coinciding wins on different paylines are added to total winnings. All winning symbols will be animated in addition to background animations. The ticker messages will appear on the bottom of game screen. Whenever there is a win, the total BALANCE will update and the amount won in the spin is shown in the WIN bar at the bottom of the game. The game and game rules are identical in both the real-money and play-money modes, except that Auto Spin option will not be available in play-money mode. How to play: Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default Bet per Line is set for all 9 variable lines on the slot machine. You can increase the bet/line by clicking the button to the right of 'Bet per Line', or you can decrease the Bet per Line by clicking the button to the left. The bet will not be adjusted to the next possible bet if your balance drops below total bet placed; in this case click on the button shown at the bottom of the game screen. LINES: 9 variable lines. MAX BET: To play with MAX BET, click on . If your balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled. The number of lines are multiplied by the 'Bet per Line'. The total bet amount is displayed below the 'BET' label, which can be found at the bottom of the game screen. Paytable: The paytable can be viewed either by clicking the button located in bottom of the game screen beside Game Settings and Sound icons or by clicking button located below the WIN STUDIOS logo. You can go back to the game by clicking on the button on the paytable screen or the area outside of paytable screen. Spin: Click on the SPIN icon to start spinning the reels. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines will be paid according to the paytable. Result: Wins are indicated by yellow-coloured boxes and animated symbols inside it, with the total win amount being shown at the bottom of the screen below 'WIN'. Volume: The icon will play the game music. Click on the icon will mute the volume . AUTO SPIN: You can use this feature to choose all or any of the various options for 'hands free' game play. The available options under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will spin for the number of rotations selected from the slider menu. You can choose maximum of 1,000 spins and play until your balance is more than the total bet placed. For UKGC player, the number of spins available will be 100. Spin till Win equals or exceeds: The game will spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount entered in the numeric text box. Spin till Loss not exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the loss limit is reached. Loss will be calculated with (Loss = Total bets - Total wins) Total bets=accumulated total bets Total wins=accumulated total wins (((Total bets- Total wins) + current game bet) <= Loss limit target) then next auto spin will be allowed. If feature trigger: The game will spin until the next feature is triggered. The Auto Spin game is terminated whenever The Big One Jackpot is triggered during the Auto Spin feature. To make use of the Auto Spin feature, click on the 'AUTO SPIN' button at the bottom of the game screen. When the Auto Spin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Select from the drop-down menu where applicable. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Similarly, click on the Stop Auto Spin button to stop the AUTO SPIN feature and return to the game screen. When playing with multiple options and conditions selected, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be disabled. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again or opt for new option(s) and proceed with the game. The 'AUTO SPIN' option will be disabled in the play-money mode. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount you wagered on the previous spin. Simply click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. ­To change your bet, increase or decrease the bet shown on the game screen. Credits: After you have placed the desired bet, your remaining game balance is shown under ‘BALANCE’. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the ‘BALANCE’ meter and the 'BET' meter. Your game balance is shown at the bottom of the game screen. Game Settings: To make use of Game Settings, click on the Game Settings button at the bottom of the game screen in between paytable and sound icons. Volume: Players can set the volume of the sound effects by sliding through the volume button. Sound effects: Toggle between on / off to enable or disable the game win animation sounds. Ambient sound: Toggle between on / off to enable or disable the game background sound. Quick Spin: By checking this option, game play is faster than the regular spin and for UK player this option will be in disabled mode. Space bar to spin: By checking this option, the space bar key can be used to trigger a spin. If gamble is enabled, space bar to spin will auto collect the win amount. Game Rules: Play with 1 to 9 lines. All payouts are made according to the paytable. Payline wins are multiplied by the bet per line amount. Only the highest win on each highlighted line will be paid out. Coinciding wins on selected lines are added to your total winnings. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet placed and are added to payline wins. All symbols pay from left to right starting with the left-most reel, except for the Scattered Wheel symbol which pays anywhere in view. Diamond symbols substitute for all other symbols except the Scattered Wheel symbol. Diamond symbols appear only on reels 2, 3 and 4. Diamond symbols work only in a conjunction with other symbols except the Scattered Wheel symbol. All jackpot wins are credited to your account immediately. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. Feature game rules: The feature game will be triggered when three or more Wheel symbols appear anywhere on the screen. The main game screen changes and the feature game screen opens up. Player will be awarded with three spins of the Mega Fortune Wheel. Players must spin the wheel to know the multiplier awarded. The multiplier awarded will be multiplied with the bet placed and gets added to the winnings. The multipliers are awarded randomly. A maximum multiplier of 100 (100x) can be won as a result of one spin in feature game. Feature game wins are added to payline and scatter wins. Jackpot Rules: A jackpot feature game can be triggered anytime, either during a normal spin or Auto Spin or during a feature game. Play the jackpot feature to know which level you have won. Any bet is eligible for the jackpot. The larger your wager is on each game, the more chances you have of winning the jackpot. The amount won in feature round cannot trigger the jackpot. Choose six out of the nine available symbols to reveal the '$' signs. Each '$' sign awards one level of the Gold Jackpot.­­ One '$' sign awards Gold Blitz Jackpot. Two '$' signs award Gold Quick Jackpot. Three '$' signs award Gold Super Jackpot. Four '$' signs award Gold Mega Jackpot. Click on the 'COMPLETE' button to restore the main game screen. If you win multiple jackpots, the jackpot feature for the next jackpot will start after you click the 'COMPLETE' button. The current value of all four jackpot levels is shown at the top right-hand corner of the game screen. Each jackpot resets to its base value after any player has hit it. The reset value of all four jackpots is shown below. When the jackpot feature game is completed, the main game screen will be restored to its previous state. Jackpot wins will be credited to your account immediately. Browser Panel Commands: Click on Responsible Gaming to navigate to the Responsible Gaming page. Click on Game Rules to view game rules of the game. Click on Game logs to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on Deposit button to add funds to your account. Click on Real/Play to switch between real-money or play-money game modes. The Game logs functionality is applicable only for the real-money game play. Return to the player: The theoretical return to player of this game is 92.152%. FAQ’s: 1. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game logs' button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected in the middle of the feature round, you will be prompted to complete it after logging back in. After completing the feature round, you can continue game play, or you can select another game of your choice. 2. What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Click on ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit. 3. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. 4. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Service team. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000