MGM Grand Millions High Roller Game Objective: MGM Grand Millions High Roller game is a five-reel, no paylines and ‘All Ways’ slot game with 243 possible ways to win in the main game and 1024 Ways to win in free spins. Symbols pay from left to right in consecutive combinations (Ways) including reel 1. The scattered MGM Logo symbol do not pay. When any three scatter symbols appear anywhere in view, the Free Spins game is triggered. The free spins feature cannot be re triggered within free spins. Wild symbol substitutes for all other symbols, except scatter symbols and appears on reels 1, 2, 3 and 4 only in main game. How to play: BETS: When you enter the game, a default bet is set. You can change the bet per win by clicking the “ + ” or “ - ” buttons either side of the BET meter. MAX BET: Click on MAX BET button to select the maximum possible bet. If your balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled. PAYTABLE: The Paytable can be viewed by clicking the “ i ” button. The prizes displayed in the Paytable are per unit bet and are shown as multipliers. You can go back to the game by clicking on the “ back ” button on the Paytable screen. SPIN: Clicking on the SPIN button starts the game. Volume: Volume icon will play the game music. Click on volume icon will mute the volume. CREDITS: Your remaining game balance, after you have placed the desired bet, is shown in ‘BALANCE’ meter i.e., the current game balance minus the total bet placed. AUTOSPIN: Select the AUTOSPIN for hands-free play. The available options are: Number of spins: The game will spin for the number of rotations selected from the slider menu. You can choose a maximum of 1000 spins and play until your balance is more than the total bet placed. Spin till Win equals or exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the win amount is equals or exceeds the amount entered. Spin till feature trigger: The game will automatically spin until the next feature is triggered. Autospin game is terminated whenever The Big One Jackpot is triggered in-between the Autospin. To make use of the autospin feature, click on the 'AUTOSPIN' button in the bottom right of the game screen. When the autospin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Select menu appears on the slider options menu where applicable and click ‘Ok’ button to activate the selected options and start the spins. Similarly, click the ‘X’ on the autospin window to exit the 'AUTOSPIN' feature and return to the game screen. When playing with multiple options and conditions selected, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be disabled. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again or opt for new option(s) and proceed with the game. Click on the STOP AUTOSPIN to deactivate AUTOSPIN and the normal game will be restored. Please note: the AUTOSPIN option is not available in demo-money mode. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount you wagered on the previous spin. Just click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. To change your bet, increase the bet meter shown on the game screen. Game Settings: Volume: Player can set the volume of the sound effects and ambience by sliding through the Volume button. Sound effects: Toggle between on/off to enable or disable the game win animation sounds. Ambience sound: Toggle between on/off to enable or disable the game background sound. Quick spin: By checking this option, game play is faster than the regular spin. Spacebar to spin: By checking this option, Spacebar key can be used to trigger a spin. The reel structure numbering for winning combinations in main game and Free spin game is as below: Main game: 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 Free spin game: 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 All winning symbols will be animated in addition to jackpot location animation and background animations. The total win amount is shown in the WIN meter at the bottom right of the screen. Your remaining game balance is shown near the BALANCE meter at the bottom of the screen. If two of the same symbols appear in reel 1 and 2 followed by three of that symbols appears on reel 3 in different rows, then way win does not pay for 5 of that symbol combination together. But it will pay for 3 separate way wins using those 3 of the same symbols appearing on reel 3. E.g., If symbol Nine lands on reel 1 and 2 and three symbols of Nine land on reel 3, then there will be three different Way wins for symbol Nine. Each way would be a win with three consecutive occurrences of symbol Nine. The reel positions for the symbol Nine-way wins will be as below: 0, 1, 2 0, 1, 7 0, 1, 12 Way wins are multiplied by total bet amount. There are 243 possible ways to win in the main game. During free spins, there are 1024 ways to win as there are 4 symbols on each reel. GAME RULES: MGM Grand Millions High Roller is a five-reel, no paylines and "All Ways" slot game with 243 possible ways to win in the main game and 1024 Ways to win in free spins. All symbols pay from left to right in consecutive combinations (Ways) including reel 1 except the scatter symbols. Select SPIN to begin the game with the currently selected BET. BET amount can be changed by using the ‘-‘ and ‘+’ buttons in Desktop and by clicking on hamburger menu and changing the Bet meter in Mobile. All wins are multiplied by total bet except in High Roller mode. All wins, except jackpots are paid according to the Paytable. Only the highest win on each possible way will be paid. Jackpot wins are paid as shown. All symbols pay from left to right, starting with the left most reel, except scatter symbol. All possible winning combinations are added to your total. MGM Grand logo is the scatter symbol. Scatter symbol do not have any payouts. 3 or more scatter symbols appearing anywhere on the reels awards the free spins feature. Scatter symbols do not appear during Free Spins. Wild symbol does not have any payout. Wild symbol substitutes for all other symbols except scatter symbol. The wild logo appears only on reels 1, 2, 3 and 4. It does not appear on reel 5. Wild symbol does not appear in Free spin feature. Gameplay history can be accessed by logging into your account on the desktop website and choosing menu “History” inside any game. All pays are made in USD. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. . The theoretical return to player of this game excluding jackpot is 92.0127%. The theoretical return to player of this game including jackpot is 95.0167%. FEATURE GAME PLAY: Player will move to feature selection screen where player has a chance to pick 1 out of 3 tiles available on each step. Free spins and Multiplier information will be revealed if player chooses a correct tile on each step and free spins and multipliers keep adding on selecting the correct tiles on each step. Wrong tile selected will show Collect option where player will continue playing with the awarded free spins and multiplier from the previous steps. Free spins and multipliers awarded are random which range from 6 to 30 for free spins and 2 to 8 for multipliers Reel set will be changed to 5x4 during free spins and ways to win will also be increased to 1024 during free spins. All way wins during free spins are multiplied by the free spin’s multiplier awarded. Free spins are played at the same bet of the triggering game. HIGH ROLLER RULES: Clicking on “Play High Roller” button and opting YES will allow player to play High Roller Mode. Once player enters High Roller Mode, player will be awarded with 5 spins. All low paying symbols, namely A,K,Q,J, are removed in High Roller mode and gameplay is continued with rest of the symbols and blank symbols until High Roller mode ends. High paying symbols are added. Games are played with $1 stake awards. The payouts mentioned in the Paytable will be directly awarded if player has a win. The remaining game functionality including the Feature game, will be same as the base game. The theoretical return to player of this High Roller mode excluding jackpot is 93.59%. The theoretical return to player of this High Roller mode including jackpot is 96.59%. JACKPOT RULES: The Big One jackpot can be triggered anytime, either during normal spin, auto spin or after the Feature game. The main screen then changes to jackpot screen after the user has won jackpot game in which all the jackpots and their values are listed. There are 5 different jackpots, each of which has a unique color. All five colors are shown on the wheel. The orange color represents the Blitz Cash Jackpot The red color represents the Quick Cash Jackpot. The blue color represents the Super Cash Jackpot. The green color represents Mega Cash Jackpot. The lavender color represents Colossal Cash Jackpot. The spin button is shown on the middle of the control panel. By clicking on the SPIN button, the wheel rotates and stops on a particular color and the respective jackpot is awarded. When a particular jackpot is cracked, a pop-up is shown on the jackpot screen which displays the type of jackpot and the amount awarded. By clicking on "OK" in the pop-up, it navigates to main game screen. If multiple jackpots are cracked at the same time, by clicking on "OK" in the pop-up, the "SPIN" button on the jackpot screen is enabled to continue further game play. You can see the current values of all five jackpots in the jackpot ticker area in the main game screen. Big One Jackpots have two pools for each jackpot tier, current instance pool and reserve pool During game play a % of the total bet (mentioned below) is contributed towards both the pools Jackpot Name Initial Seed (USD) Instance Contribution % Reserve Contribution % The Big One Colossal Cash $ 1,000,000.00 0.964% 1.25% The Big One Mega Cash $ 10,000.00 0.1% 0.125% The Big One Super Cash $750.00 0.03% 0.015% The Big One Quick Cash $200.00 0.1% 0.1% The Big One Blitz Cash $40.00 0.12% 0.2% Each jackpot starts with initial seed amount. Initial Jackpot seed is funded by “The House”, and the subsequent instances are funded from reserve pool, the amount accumulated in reserve pool becomes the next seed. Big One jackpots are played across multiple games and all games have equal probability of winning the jackpot A jackpot instance can only be won by one player, and this applies for all Jackpot tiers. In-case of network disconnections during the Jackpot wheel feature, jackpot win will be credited to player account balance automatically. The jackpot is triggered randomly. Any bet is eligible for jackpot. The more you wager the higher the chances of hitting the jackpot. The number of spins awarded in jackpot screen equals the number of jackpots awarded. Only real money play will contribute to the jackpot amount. Jackpot contributions and triggering will not be applicable for games played on "play for fun/demo" mode. The maximum jackpot amount player can get from each of the above jackpot is 10,000,000 USD. Jackpot Contribution/RTP is 3.004%. Browser Button Panel Commands: Click on Rules to view the detailed rules of the game as web page. Click on History to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on Real Money/Demo to switch between real-money or demo-money mode. Click on the Deposit button to deposit money into your account. The History functionality is applicable only for the real-money game play. FAQ’s: What do I do if the balance is low to place bet? If your game balance drops below the minimum bet, message about insufficient money will be automatically presented. To add funds to your account, click on the “DEPOSIT” button in the right bottom of the screen, then select the desired deposit option. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you are disconnected in the middle of the base game, or jackpot game the software will automatically complete the game for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the “History” button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected after triggering or in the middle of the bonus or feature, on reconnection, the software will automatically start the disconnected bonus or feature, if not already started, or resume from where it was disconnected. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Service team.