MegaCars Game Objective: Mega Cars is a 5-reel slot game. There are only four symbols: two that pay(CUP, CHAMPAGNE), a blank (Diamond) and one to trigger the feature (Free Spins). Three or more adjacent CAR symbols appearing on a payline, triggers the feature. Pay table: Game Information: Game is played with 10 fixed paylines. SPIN can be triggered by clicking on the spin button with the current selected BET. Payouts are displayed on the PAYTABLE. Whenever there is a win, the total BALANCE will update,and the amount won during the spin is shown in the WIN meter at the bottom of the game. The game and game rules are identical in both the real-money and play-money modes, except that autospin option will not be available in play-money mode. How to play: Setting 'BET': When you launch the game, a default bet is set. You can change the bet per line by clicking the or buttons available on either side of the BET meter. LINES: Ten lines are selected by default. Lines are fixed and lines count cannot be changed. The Total bet is 10 times the bet per line and is shown near BET in the lower left of the screen. MAX BET: Click on MAX BET to select the maximum possible bet. If your balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled. PAY TABLE: The Paytable can be viewed by clicking button. The prizes displayed in the Paytable are per unit bet. This game has dynamic paytable and payouts shown in the paytable are multiplied with the bet. You can navigate to all screens of paytable by clicking on and buttons. You can go back to the game by clicking button on the Paytable screen. SPIN: The SPIN button starts the game. VOLUME: icon will play the game music. Clicking on icon will mute the volume . 'AUTOSPIN': You can use this feature to choose all or any of the various options for 'hands free' game play by clicking on button. The available options under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will spin for the number of spins selected from the slider menu. You can choose up to 1000 spins and play until your balance is less than the total bet placed. For UK users, number of spins available will be 100. If win equals or exceeds: The game will spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount entered in the numeric text box. If loss not exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the loss limit is reached. Loss will be calculated with (Loss = Total bets - Total wins) Total bets=accumulated total bets. Total wins=accumulated total wins. (((Total bets - Total wins) + current game bet) <= Loss limit target) then next autospin will be allowed. If feature trigger: The game will spin until the next feature is triggered. To make use of the Autospin feature, click on the button. When the Autospin window opens, click on ‘More’ to show the extra options. Check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Click on the text box and enter the limit amount you want to play with. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Similarly, click on ‘X’ button to skip the 'AUTOSPIN' feature and return to the game screen. When playing with multiple options and conditions selected, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be disabled. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again or opt for new option(s) and proceed with the game. Click on the to deactivate auto spins and normal game will be restored. 'AUTOSPIN' option is not available in the play-money mode. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount you wagered on the previous spin. Just click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. To change your bet, increase or decrease the bet shown on the game screen. Credits: After you have placed the desired bet, your remaining game balance is shown under ‘BALANCE’. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the ‘BALANCE’ meter and the 'BET' meter. Your game balance is shown at the bottom of the game screen. Game Settings: Volume: Player can set the volume of the sound effects by sliding through the Volume button. Sound effects: Toggle between on / off to enable or disable the game win animation sounds. Quick spin: By checking this option, game play is faster than the regular spin and for UK player this option will be in disabled mode. Spacebar to spin: By checking this option, Spacebar key can be used to trigger a spin. This option stays disabled, if intro video is not available for a game. Game Rules: Mega Cars is a 5-reel slot game, played with 10 paylines. All payouts are made according to the paytable. Pay table will always show the win amount for the currently selected bet on 10 fixed pay lines. MAX BET selects 10 lines and maximum bet value. Only the highest win on each payline is paid. Coinciding wins on different paylines are added to your total balance. Champagne and Cup symbols pay from left to right, right to left and middle 3 reels. Champagne and Cup symbols pay when 3 or more identical symbols appear adjacent to one another on paylines. CAR and DIAMOND symbols do not have any payouts. 3 or more adjacent CAR symbols on a payline triggers the free spins feature. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The min bet is €0.10, and the max bet is €2,000.00 Theoretical return to player is 93.40%. Free Spins feature: Free spins triggering, re triggering and awarding rules are same. 3 or more adjacent CAR symbols appearing on apayline triggers the feature (free spins). When 3 adjacent CAR symbols appear on a payline, then 5, 10, 15, 20 or 30 free spins are awarded. When 4 adjacent CAR symbols appear on a payline, then 10, 20, 25, 30, 35 or 40 free spins are awarded. When 5 adjacent CAR symbols appear on a payline, then 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30, 31, 32, 35, 40, 45 or 50 free spins are awarded. During free spins, 3 or more adjacent CAR symbols appearing on a payline retriggers freespins feature Free spins are played at 10 fixed lines and bet per line of the feature triggering spin. Browser Button Panel Commands: Click on Game Rules to view the detailed rules of the game as web page. Click on Game logs to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on Responsible Gaming to open Responsible Gaming page. Click on Real/Play to switch between real-money or play-money mode. Click on Star to add or remove game from your favorites. Click on the Deposit button to deposit money into your account. The Game logs functionality is applicable only for the real-money game play. Return to the Player: The theoretical return to player of this game is 93.40%. FAQ’s: 1. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game logs' button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected in the middle of the feature round, you will be prompted to complete it after logging back in. After completing the feature round, you can continue game play, or you can select another game of your choice. 2. What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Click on ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit. 3. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. 4. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team.