Mini Runner Mini Runner Main Game Screen Game Objective: Mini Runner is a 3x3-reel slot game with 5 fixed paylines. You win based on the combination of the various symbols displayed on the selected winning payline(s). The dynamic paytable on the game screen will always show the respective symbol payout amounts for the currently selected bet on 5 fixed paylines. Paytable Paylines Game Information: The game is played with 5 fixed number of lines. When you enter the game, a default total bet is set. The total BET is the number of fixed lines multiplied by the Bet per Line. The Bet per Line can be changed by tapping the hamburger menu and changing the Bet per Line meter. SPIN can be triggered by tapping the Spin button with the currently selected BET. Payouts are displayed in the paytable. The paytable will always show the respective symbol payout amounts for the currently selected bet on 5 fixed paylines. All symbols pay from left to right. Whenever there is a win, the total BALANCE will update and the amount won in the spin will be shown in the WIN bar at the bottom of the game. How to play: Spin: The SPIN button is at the bottom of the game screen in portrait mode and on the right side of the game screen in landscape mode. Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet is set. You can alter the bet per line by tapping and changing the Bet per Line meter as shown below. MAX BET: Tap MAX BET to select the maximum possible bet. If your balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled. AUTO SPIN: You can make use of this feature to select various options for 'hands free' game play. To make use of the ‘AUTO SPIN’ feature, tap the button. When the auto spin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Tap ‘OK’ to activate the selected options and start the spins. The available options under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will spin for the number of rotations selected from the slider menu. You can choose a maximum of 1,000 spins and play until your balance is more than the total bet placed. For UKGC players, the available number of spins will be 100. Spin till Win equals or exceeds: The game will spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount entered in the numeric text box. Spin till Loss not exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the loss limit is reached. Loss will be calculated with (Loss = Total bets - Total wins) Total bets=accumulated total bets Total wins=accumulated total wins (((Total bets- Total wins) + current game bet) <= Loss limit target) then next auto spin will be allowed. When playing with multiple options and conditions selected, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be disabled. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again or opt for new option(s) and proceed with the game. Tap the STOP SPIN button to deactivate AUTO SPIN and the normal game will be restored. Tap the Menu Icon to view the options such as the paytable, bet settings, auto spin, the settings button, i button and Cashier. Tap the ‘Lobby’ option to navigate back to lobby screen. Tap the ‘Quick Spin’ icon to reduce the time of the spin. Tap the 'PAYTABLE' option to view the paytable screen. Tap the button to go back to the game play. Tap the ‘Sound’ icon to play the game music and vice versa. Tap the ‘Cashier’ option to navigate to deposit screen. Tap anywhere on the screen to come out from the options. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount you wagered on the previous spin. Just tap 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. To change your bet, increase or decrease the BET VALUE. Game Rules: The game is played with 5 fixed number of lines. SPIN will be triggered by tapping the spin button with the currently selected BET. All payouts are made according to the paytable displayed on top right of the game screen. The paytable will always show the win amount for the currently selected bet on 5 fixed paylines. The highest win amount is paid on each selected payline. Win on different lines will be added together. All symbols pay from left to right. The highest payout will be paid if the symbols such as Orange, Bell and Plum with Star appear on a valid payline. The game and game rules are identical in both the real-money and play-money modes and auto spin option will not be available in play-money mode. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. Features Supermeter Feature: The TOTAL BET placed is at a ratio of 4:1 which is from Supermeter and player balance respectively. Whenever there is a win, the total win amount is added to the Supermeter. If there is zero amount in Supermeter, then the amount required to place bet is added from player balance to the Supermeter. At any point of time, players can transfer the balance from the Supermeter to their player balance by tapping the “Add to Balance” button just beside the Supermeter. If the Supermeter amount exceeds the value displayed on screen (just below the Supermeter ticker), the entire amount will be credited to the player balance. Players will not be able to place bet which exceeds the Supermeter amount. In this case, players can collect the Supermeter amount and then place the desired bet. Return to the player: The theoretical return to player of this game is 96.25%. Game History: Gameplay history can be accessed by logging into your account on the desktop website and choosing menu “Game logs” inside any game. FAQ’s: 1. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game logs' button once you have logged back in. 2. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. 3. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Service team.