Mango Madness Game Objective: Mango Madness is a five-reel, 10 paylines jackpot slot game with Free Spins and Mangrid features. When 3 or more scattered Bell symbols appear anywhere in view, the player is required to choose one scattered Bell which reveals the free spins and multiplier. Free spin feature cannot be retriggered. Paytable Paylines Game Information: Game is played with 10 fixed lines. SPIN can be triggered by clicking on the spin button with the current selected BET. Payouts are displayed on the PAYTABLE. Payline wins are multiplied by the amount ‘bet per line’ and gets added to other payline wins. Only the highest winning combination made with at least one non-wild symbol is awarded on each selected payline. Coinciding wins on different bet lines are all added to your total. Scatter (represented by Bell symbol) wins are multiplied by total bet and added to payline wins. All symbols pay from left to right, except the scatter symbol which pays anywhere in view. The Ticker messages will appear on bottom of game screen. Whenever there is a win, the total BALANCE will update, and the amount won in the spin is shown in the WIN bar at the bottom of the game. How to play: Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet/line is set for all 10 lines on the slot machine. You can increase the bet/line by clicking the button to the right of 'BET/LINE', or you can decrease the bet/line by clicking the button to the left. Bet will not get adjusted to the next possible bet, if your balance drops below total bet placed, then click on button shown at the bottom of the game screen. LINES: Game is played with 10 fixed paylines. MAX BET: To play with MAX BET, click on . If your balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled. The number of lines are multiplied by the 'BET/LINE'. The total bet amount is displayed beside the 'BET' label, which can be found at the bottom of the game screen. Paytable: The Paytable can be viewed either by clicking the button located in bottom of game screen beside ‘settings’ button or by clicking button located at the bottom of the screen. You can navigate to all screens of Paytable by clicking on and buttons. You can go back to the game by clicking on the button on the Paytable screen. Spin: Click on SPIN icon to start spinning the reels. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines will be paid according to the Paytable. Result: Wins are indicated by animated symbols, and in case of a scatter win, by animated scatter symbols, with the total win amount being shown at the bottom of the screen below 'WIN'. Volume: icon will play the game music. Click on icon will mute the volume . Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount you wagered on the previous spin. Just click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. ­To change your bet, increase or decrease the Bet shown on the game screen. Credits: After you have placed the desired bet and clicked on SPIN, your remaining game balance is shown under ‘BALANCE’. Your game balance is shown at the bottom of the game screen. Game Settings: To make use of Game Settings, click on the Game Settings button at the bottom of the game screen in between Paytable and Sound icons. Volume: Player can set the volume of the sound effects by sliding through the Volume button. Sound effects: Toggle between on / off to enable or disable the game win animation sounds. Spacebar to spin: By checking this option, Spacebar key can be used to trigger a spin. Game Rules: Game is played with 10 fixed number of lines. All payouts are made according to the Paytable. Only the highest winning combination made with at least one non-wild symbol is awarded on each selected lines. SPIN begins the game with the currently selected BET and fixed LINES. Payline wins are multiplied by the amount at bet per line. Coinciding wins on different paylines are all added to your total. Mango symbol appearing on any paylines will not have payout. Scatter wins are multiplied by total bet and added to payline wins. All symbols pay Left to Right except scattered Bell symbol, which pay anywhere in reel view. Mango Madness text Logo is the wild symbol which substitutes for all other symbols except the scattered Bell symbol. Mango Madness text Logo appears only on reels 1, 2, 3, and 4. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The Theoretical return to player is 91.52 %. Jackpot contribution/RTP is 3.004 %. Free Spins feature gameplay: The Mango Madness feature game is triggered when 3 or more scattered Bell symbols appear anywhere in reel view. When the player clicks anyone of the scattered Bell symbols, it will reveal the total number of free spins awarded and the multiplier value. The number of free spins and multiplier awarded are random. Player can get free spins which range from 5 to 25 and multiplier range from 2 to 10. All prizes during free spins are multiplied by the revealed multiplier. Free spins are played at the same fixed number of lines and bet per line of the triggering game. The Free Spins feature cannot be re-triggered during free spins. Mangrid Feature: If Mango/Mangoes appear anywhere on reel view, mangrid gets filled when the corresponding position of the grid is empty. After all mangoes gets filled on mangrid, a mystery prize will be awarded to the player where he could pick anyone crate of mangoes. Player can win 2x,4x,6x,8x,10x,15x,20x or 40x of the total bet placed in mangrid feature. Prize will be directly added to the balance by resetting the mangrid. Mangoes will not be considered when the mango position on the mangrid is already filled. Mangrid feature will take precedence over all the other feature games and this feature can even trigger in middle of free spins as well. When the Mangrid is completed during free spins, the free spin multiplier is applied to the prize. Mangoes in the feature are persistent to the bet value placed by the player. Persistence of Mangoes on Mangrid are platform dependent. Jackpot Rules: The Big One jackpot can be triggered anytime, either during normal spin or after the feature game. The main screen then changes to jackpot screen after the user has won jackpot game in which all the jackpots and their values are listed on the left-side area and a wheel is displayed on the right side area. There are 5 different jackpots, each of which has a unique color. All five colors are shown on the wheel: The orange color represents the Blitz Cash Jackpot. The red color represents the Quick Cash Jackpot. The blue color represents the Super Cash Jackpot. The green color represents the Mega Cash Jackpot. The lavender color represents the Colossal Cash Jackpot. The spin button is shown in the middle of the bottom area. By clicking on the SPIN button, the wheel rotates and stops on a color and the respective jackpot is awarded. You can see the current values of all five jackpots on the main game screen. Big One Jackpots have two pools for each jackpot tier, current instance pool and reserve pool. During game play a % of the total bet (mentioned below) is contributed towards both the pools. Jackpot Name Initial Seed (CAD) Instance Contribution % Reserve Contribution % The Big One Colossal Cash C$640,000.00 0.564% 1.6% The Big One Mega Cash C$20,000.00 0.1% 0.125% The Big One Super Cash C$1,500.00 0.08% 0.015% The Big One Quick Cash C$400.00 0.1% 0.1% The Big One Blitz Cash C$80.00 0.12% 0.2% Each jackpot starts with initial seed amount. Initial Jackpot seed is funded by “The House”, and the subsequent instances are funded from reserve pool, the amount accumulated in reserve pool becomes the next seed. Big One jackpots are played across multiple games and all games have equal probability of winning the jackpot. A jackpot instance can only be won by one player, and this applies for all Jackpot tiers. In-case of network disconnections during the Jackpot wheel feature, jackpot win will be credited to player account balance automatically. The jackpot is triggered randomly. The number of spins awarded in jackpot screen equals the number of jackpots awarded. Only real money play will contribute to the jackpot amount. Jackpot contributions and triggering will not be applicable for games played on "play for fun/demo" mode The maximum jackpot amount a player can get from each of the above jackpot is 5,000,000 CAD. Jackpot Contribution/RTP is 3.004%. Browser Panel Commands: Click on Responsible Gaming to navigate to the Responsible gaming page. Click on Game Rules to view game rules of the game. Click on Game logs to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on Deposit button to add funds to your account. Click on Real/Play to switch between real-money or play-money game modes. The Game logs functionality is applicable only for the real-money game play. Return to the player: The theoretical return to player of this game is 91.52 %. Jackpot Contribution/RTP is 3.004 %. FAQ’s: 1. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game logs' button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected in the middle of the feature round, you will be prompted to complete it after logging back in. After completing the feature round, you can continue game play, or you can select another game of your choice. 2. What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Click on ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit. 3. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. 4. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team. Last modification date: 03/12/2019