Mini Blackjack Poker Game Objective: Blackjack Mini allows you to play up to three hands of Blackjack at once, one after the other. The objective is to accumulate cards to get a total of 21 or as close to 21 as possible, without going over 21. The value of a hand is the sum of the point counts of all the cards in the hand How to Play: This game can be played with up to three hands. In order to play, you must place a bet on at least one of your hands. Every hand may have a different bet amount. To place a bet, click on a chip in the bottom left side of the screen to select your chip value. Click on one of the available betting areas (the 3 larger circles) to place the bet. Every click increases your bets by the value of the selected chip. Tap “Clear bet(s)” If you want to clear all of the bets placed Clicking DOUBLE doubles every bet you have placed on the table. First select the amount you wish to bet. Once you have placed all bets correctly, tap “DEAL” button. The min bet per hand is 1 and max bet per hand is 500. The limits apply to the initial bet only. Actions that require an additional bet (Split, Insurance, and Double) can still be used even if you placed a bet equal to the maximum bet. If you are playing more than one hand, actions are taken for each hand separately, starting from the rightmost hand, once the cards have been dealt. According to your bets, the cards will be dealt in each box where you have placed a bet. The dealer also receives two cards. The dealer’s first card is then uncovered. If the card is an ace, you will automatically be offered “insurance” to protect yourself against blackjack by the dealer. If the dealer has a 10, Jack, Queen, King, or Ace as his first card, he will check to see if he has a blackjack before you draw your third card. The “Insurance” option is offered to you in case the dealer has an Ace as his first card. If your first two cards have the same value, you can split your hand by clicking SPLIT. Depending on the strength of your card, you can choose from the following options offered to you: “Hit”,” Stand”,” Double”,” Split”, or “Surrender”. Please note that Insurance, Double and Split require an additional bet. If your balance does not have enough money to cover these expenses, you will need to deposit more money to use these options. If dealer hits 17 or higher, he cannot draw any more cards. Once the dealer has received all his cards, the value of the dealer’s hand is compared with the ones in the boxes. To start a new game with the same bets(s),tap on the “Rebet” button. To start a new game with Doubled bet(s), tap on the “2 x Rebet” button. If you want to play another round, place bets as described above or click REBET to place the same bets as in the previous round When you have played your final hand, the dealer then reveals the Dealer’s face down card and may draw additional cards, in accordance with the rules. When the dealer has stopped taking cards, each of your hands is compared to the Dealer's hand. If your hand has a higher value than the dealer's and has not exceeded 21, you win with that hand. If any hand value reaches 22 or more, it is bust and automatically loses. BET: The total bet amount is shown in the BET meter at the left side of the screen. BALANCE: Your remaining game balance, after you have placed the desired bet, is shown in BALANCE meter i.e. the current game balance minus the total bet placed. WIN: The total win amount is shown in the WIN meter at the bottom right of the screen. Volume: Icon will play the game sounds. Click on icon will mute the sounds and vice-versa. BUTTONS: Stand: Clicking the 'STAND' button will keep your hand at its current value. You may stand at any time if you are satisfied with your hand as it is. Click 'STAND' and, when the dealer completes his or her hand, the hands will be compared. Hit: You may continue to take cards until you either stand, go bust, or the value of a hand is 21. Click 'HIT' to be dealt the next card. Double: After you are dealt your first two cards, you will be offered the chance to 'DOUBLE'. Once this option is selected, the bet amount is automatically doubled and you will be dealt one more card. The hand will auto-stand after the card is dealt. Doubling down is also offered after splitting. If your account balance is not sufficient for the additional bet, the double-down option will not be offered. In case you lose the hand, you lose both the initial bet and the additional amount placed for the double-down option. Split: If you have two cards of the same value (for example two 7s, two 10s, two face cards, etc.), you can click 'SPLIT' to split the cards into two separate hands. Once this option is selected, an additional bet equal to your original bet is automatically placed. You are only allowed to split once, even if more splitting opportunities arise. If the hand qualifies for a split but your game balance is not sufficient to cover the additional bet, the split option will not be offered. You may draw as many cards as you wish on each split hand, with the exception of splitting on Aces and doubling down after splits. If you split 'Aces', only one card will be dealt to each Ace. If a face card or a 10 is dealt to either Ace, the hand is counted as 21, not blackjack. Insurance: Insurance gives you a chance to protect yourself when you believe the dealer has blackjack. If the dealer’s first card(face-up-card) is an Ace, you can opt to insure your hands against the dealer’s blackjack by taping either “Yes” button or “No” button. The insurance option is shown to each individual hand. Insurance costs 50% of the bet amount in addition to your initial bet. Surrender: You can choose to discontinue play of your hand for that round and surrender half of your bet amount when first two cards are revealed. This decision must be made before you decide to double down, split pairs, stand or hit. Deal – Deal the cards Clear bets - Clear the table of all bets. Rebet- Place the same bets as in the previous round and deal the cards. ACCEPT – Click to accept Insurance and protect your bet for the current hand in case the dealer has Blackjack . DECLINE – Click to decline Insurance against the Dealer having Blackjack and skip bet protection for the current hand. RULES: The objective of Blackjack mini is to get a hand that totals 21 or is closer to 21 than the dealer's hand without exceeding 21. The value of a hand is the sum of the individual card’s value. Blackjack is the highest hand and consists of two cards: an Ace and any 10-point card. Blackjack beats a score of 21. You can choose 1 to 3 hands to play on in a game round. The chosen hands are played clockwise, starting from your rightmost hand. The dealer's hand is played last. You may Split, Double and take Insurance, just like in standard Blackjack. 8 decks of cards are used. After each round, used cards are returned to the deck and the deck is shuffled. Aces count as either 1 or 11, face cards count as 10 and number cards count at their face values. The player may not split a Split hand. Only one card is drawn to each Ace in a Split hand. The player may double after splitting. Ace and a 10-point card after a split are considered 21, and not Blackjack. Blackjack pays 1.5 times the bet amount (3 to 2). If the total value of the Player’s cards is closer to 21 than the Dealer's after the dealer has stopped taking cards, the player wins the bet amount (1 to 1). If the total of the Player's cards is more than 21, the player's hand is “Bust” and the player automatically loses the bet for that hand. If the Player and the Dealer have the same point total (17 to 21), neither of them wins and the player's bet is returned to the player in a “Push”. The Dealer always draws to 16. The Dealer stands when the dealer's hand has a value of 17 or greater (including soft 17). The Dealer does not draw when the player is “Bust”. Blackjack beats a score of 21. Sound Effects: Player will be able to hear a voice over sounds for the following: Double voice over will be heard on clicking “Double” button. Insurance voice over will be heard when the insurance is offered. You Win voice over will be heard on winning any normal hand. Bust voice over will be heard when Dealer or Player hand is a Bust. Blackjack voice over will be heard when Dealer or Player has a Blackjack. Cards Total Count voice over will be heard for each hand when cards are dealt and on completion. Push voice over will be heard when Push is awarded. Browser Panel Commands: Click on ‘Responsible Gaming’ to navigate to the Responsible gaming page. Click on 'Game logs' to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on 'Game Rules' to view the current version number & game rules of the game. Click on 'Deposit' button to deposit to your account. Click on ‘Real/demo’ to switch to real-money or demo-money game mode. The “Game logs” functionality is applicable only for the real-money game play. The game rules are identical in both real-money and demo-money modes . Paytable: Win Type Description Payout Blackjack A blackjack, or 'natural', comprises a total of 21 in your first two cards. A blackjack is therefore an Ace and any 10-point card, with the additional requirement that these be your first two cards. If you split a pair of Aces, for example, and then draw a ten-point card on one of the Aces, this will not count as blackjack, but rather a total of 21. Your blackjack beats any dealer total (including a dealer's regular21) except a dealer's blackjack. If both you and the dealer have a blackjack, the hand is a tie or 'push', and nobody wins or loses. 1.5:1 Normal Your total is greater than dealer's, but less than or equal to 21. 1:1 Push The totals of both your hand and that of the dealer are the same Even The payout format used here means that when you win, you get back your bet plus an amount that is a multiple of your bet. Example: If a bet of 1 is placed on any hand, and you win a Blackjack, then 1 (bet) + 1.5 (win) = 2.5 win amount is credited to your balance for that hand. RETURN TO THE PLAYER: The theoretical return to player for the main Blackjack game is 99.49 %. Malfunction voids all pays and plays.