MGM Grand Millions Game Objective: MGM Grand Millions is a five-reel, no paylines and ‘All Ways’ slot game with 243 possible ways to win in the main game and 1024 Ways to win in freespins. Symbols pay from left to right in consecutive combinations (Ways) including reel 1. The scattered MGM Logo symbol do not pay. When any three scatter symbols appear anywhere in view, the Free Spins game is triggered. The free spins feature cannot be retriggered within free spins. Wild symbol substitutes for all other symbols, except scatter symbols and appears on reels 1, 2, 3 and 4 only in main game. How to play: Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet is set. You can change the bet per win by clicking the or buttons either side of the BET meter. The bet is 50 times the bet per win and is shown near BET in the lower left of the screen. MAX BET: Click on MAX BET to select the maximum possible bet. If your balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled. Paytable: The Paytable can be viewed either by clicking the button located in bottom of game screen beside ‘BET’ label or by clicking button located at the bottom of the screen beside the Ways to win text. The prizes displayed in the Paytable are per unit bet, and are shown as multipliers. You can go back to the game by clicking on the button on the Paytable screen. Spin: The SPIN button in the lower right corner starts the game. Volume: icon will play the game music. Click on icon will mute the volume . CREDITS: Your remaining game balance, after you have placed the desired bet, is shown in ‘BALANCE’ meter i.e. the current game balance minus the total bet placed. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount you wagered on the previous spin. Just click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. To change your bet, increase the bet meter shown on the game screen.­ The reel structure numbering for winning combinations in main game and Free spin game is as below: Main game: 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 Free spin game: 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 All winning symbols will be animated in addition to jackpot location animation and background animations. The total win amount is shown in the WIN meter at the bottom right of the screen. Your remaining game balance is shown near the BALANCE meter at the bottom of the screen. If two of the same symbols appear in reel 1 and 2 followed by three of that symbol appears on reel 3 in different rows, then way win does not pay for 5 of that symbol combination together. But it will pay for 3 separate way wins using those 3 of the same symbols appearing on reel 3. E.g. If symbol Nine lands on reel 1 and 2 and three symbols of Nine land on reel 3, then there will be three different Way wins for symbol Nine. Each way would be a win with three consecutive occurrences of symbol Nine. The reel positions for the symbol Nine way wins will be as below: 0, 1, 2 0, 1, 7 0, 1, 12 Way wins are multiplied by total bet amount. The scattered hieroglyphic symbols do not have any payout. There are 243 possible ways to win in the main game. During free spins, there are 1024 ways to win as there are 4 symbols on each reel. Browser Button Panel Commands: Click on Game Rules to view the detailed rules of the game as web page. Click on Game Logs to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on Responsible Gaming to open Responsible Gaming page. Click on Real/Play to switch between real-money or play-money mode. Click on Star to add or remove game from your favorites. Click on the Deposit button to deposit money into your account. The Game logs functionality is applicable only for the real-money game play. Game Rules: Select SPIN to begin the game with the currently selected BET. BET amount can be changed by using the ‘-‘and ‘+’ buttons. All wins are multiplied by total bet. All wins, except jackpots, are paid according to the Paytable. Only the highest win on each possible way will be paid. Jackpots wins are paid as shown. All symbols pay left to right, starting from the left-most reel, except for the jackpot. MGM Grand logo is the scatter symbol. Scatter symbol do not have any payouts. Way wins and jackpots wins are added. 3 or more scatter symbols appearing anywhere on the reels awards the free spins feature. All possible winning combinations are added to your total. Scatter symbols do not appear during Free Spins. Wild symbol, which substitutes for all other symbols except scatter symbol. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The theoretical return to the player is 89.93%. Jackpot Contribution/RTP is 1.88%. Feature game play: The Free Spins feature is triggered when any of the 3 or more scatter symbols appear anywhere in view. Once the player enters into feature screen only the bottom first slab will be enabled to choose. After the first slab is chosen then it increments to the second slab. This process goes on until the wrong slab is chosen. If the player has chosen the correct slab then the free spins and multiplier won will be displayed within the cuboid. This count is then added to the total count of free spins and multipliers situated on top. A wrong slab is picked and bonus game ends. The player is then taken to the free spins round. Free spins is displayed in the 4 X 5 slot view. All Way wins during free spins are multiplied by the free spins multiplier awarded. The Free Spins feature cannot be retriggered during free spins. Once all the free spins are completed, normal game is restored. Free spins are played at the same bet of the triggering game. The number of free spins and free spins multiplier denoted are random. Number of free spins awarded with each trigger, ranges from 6 to 30 and the multiplier awarded with each trigger, ranges from 2 to 8. Free Spin wins are added to Way wins. JACKPOT RULES: The Big One jackpot can be triggered anytime, either during normal spin or after the feature game. The main screen then changes to jackpot screen after the user has won jackpot game in which all the jackpots and their values are listed on the right-side area and a wheel is displayed on the left side area. There are 5 different jackpots, each of which has a unique color. All five colors are shown on the wheel: The orange color represents the Blitz Cash Jackpot. The red color represents the Quick Cash Jackpot. The blue color represents the Super Cash Jackpot. The green color represents the Mega Cash Jackpot. The lavender color represents the Colossal Cash Jackpot. The spin button is shown in the middle of the bottom area. By clicking on the SPIN button, the wheel rotates and stops on a color and the respective jackpot is awarded. You can see the current values of all five jackpots on the main game screen. Big One Jackpots have two pools for each jackpot tier, current instance pool and reserve pool. During game play a % of the total bet (mentioned below) is contributed towards both the pools. Jackpot Name Initial Seed (CAD) Instance Contribution % Reserve Contribution % The Big One Colossal Cash C$640,000.00 0.564% 1.6% The Big One Mega Cash C$20,000.00 0.1% 0.125% The Big One Super Cash C$1,500.00 0.08% 0.015% The Big One Quick Cash C$400.00 0.1% 0.1% The Big One Blitz Cash C$80.00 0.12% 0.2% Each jackpot starts with initial seed amount. Initial Jackpot seed is funded by “The House”, and the subsequent instances are funded from reserve pool, the amount accumulated in reserve pool becomes the next seed. Big One jackpots are played across multiple games and all games have equal probability of winning the jackpot. A jackpot instance can only be won by one player, and this applies for all Jackpot tiers. In-case of network disconnections during the Jackpot wheel feature, jackpot win will be credited to player account balance automatically. The jackpot is triggered randomly. The number of spins awarded in jackpot screen equals the number of jackpots awarded. Only real money play will contribute to the jackpot amount. Jackpot contributions and triggering will not be applicable for games played on "play for fun/demo" mode The maximum jackpot amount a player can get from each of the above jackpot is 5,000,000 CAD. Jackpot Contribution/RTP is 3.004%. Return to the Player: The theoretical return to player of this game is 89.93%. Adding funds to your account To add funds to your account, click on ‘Deposit’ button either on the right bottom of the screen or on the “Deposit” button on the lobby, then select the desired deposit method and make the payment. FAQ’s: What do I do if I reach my betting limits? If your game balance drops below the minimum bet, message about insufficient money will be automatically presented. To add funds to your account, click on the “DEPOSIT” button in the right bottom of the screen, then select the desired deposit option. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you are disconnected in the middle of the base game, or jackpot game the software will automatically complete the game for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the “Game logs” button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected after triggering or in the middle of the bonus or feature, on reconnection, the software will automatically start the disconnected bonus or feature, if not already started, or resume from where it was disconnected. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Service team. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 or 10,000xBet - whichever is reached first (or currency equivalent. Other Operator limits may apply).