Mask of Horus Game Objective: Mask of Horus is a six-reel slot game with 4096 win ways. Land COLLECT symbol to trigger COLLECT Feature with chance to collect Jackpot and Cash prize. 3 or more BONUS scatter award a MULTIBET BOOSTER PAYOUT and a BONUS choice of FREESPINS Feature or ACCELERATOR Feature How to play: Setting 'BETS': A default bet is set when a player begins the game. Players can change the bet value in desktop mode by clicking the + or - buttons, and in mobile mode by using the bet slider in the hamburger menu. Spin: To begin the game with the current selected BET, click the SPIN button. In desktop mode, the spin button is in the right side of the screen. However, in mobile mode, it is at the bottom of the screen in portrait view and on the right side of the screen in landscape view. Repeat bet/Change bet: The bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount wagered on the previous spin. Press 'SPIN' button to play with the same bet. Paytable: By clicking on the ‘i’ icon located above the bet panel, Players can access the Paytable screen. Players can return to the game by clicking the close icon on the Paytable screen. In mobile view, players can access the paytable by clicking the hamburger menu and selecting the paytable option. Volume: To mute or unmute the sounds, click on the volume icon. Credits: The remaining game balance is displayed under "BALANCE" after the desired stake has been placed and the reels have spun. The sum of the amounts displayed under the 'BALANCE' meter (includes total bet value) represents the player's current game balance. Game balance field is displayed at the bottom of the game screen. Game Settings: To configure Game Settings, click on the ‘Settings’ icon positioned at the bottom of the game screen between Paytable and Sound icons. Volume: The volume of the sound effects can be adjusted by using a slider. Sound effects: Turn On / Off the toggle to enable or disable the Sound effects like game win animation sounds. Ambience sound: Turn On / Off the toggle to enable or disable the game level background music. Space bar to spin: On selecting this option, the space bar can be used to initiate a spin. This option stays disabled if the intro video is not available for a game. Mobile Options: Tap the Hamburger Menu Icon to view options like Paytable, Bet settings , Settings, “i” icon and Cashier in mobile. Tap the Home option to navigate back to lobby screen. Tap the Paytable option to view Paytable screen. Tap the back button to go back to the game play. Tap the Volume icon to play game music (vice versa). Tap the ‘ $’ option to navigate to deposit screen. Game Rules: Mask of Horus is a six-reel slot game with 4096 win ways. BET value can be changed by using ‘+’ and ‘-’ buttons. Click on the SPIN button to begin the game with the currently selected BET. All symbols pay left to right in any position on adjacent reels, starting from the left-most reel. 3 or more BONUS scatter award a MULTIBET BOOSTER PAYOUT in base game and Free Spins Feature. Scatter wins are added to way wins. Each Cash Symbol that lands in the reel view will have a random multiplier among '0.5x, 1x, 1.5x, 2x, 2.5x, 3x, 3.5, 4x, 5x, 6x, 7x, 8x, 9x, 10x, 12x, 15x, 20x' which will be multiplied by total bet. Total bet is 10 times the selected bet value. In the base game and free spins, a BONUS scatter payout is made when three or more BONUS scatter symbols appear anywhere on the reel view. Land COLLECT symbol to trigger COLLECT Feature with chance to collect Jackpot and Cash awards. Each COLLECT symbol awards all landed Cash and Jackpot symbols (e.g. If COLLECT lands on both reel 1 and reel 6 this will pay x2) Land 3 or more BONUS scatter symbols anywhere on the reel view to activate BONUS FEATURE WILD substitutes for all symbols except BONUS Scatter, Cash, Jackpot and COLLECT Symbols All way wins are multiplied by Total Bet value . All payouts are made according to the Paytable. All possible winning combinations are added to your total. Coinciding wins on different way wins are added to the balance. Only the highest win on each way win will be paid. The theoretical Return to Player is 94.48%. The maximum win in this game is capped to 250,000 EUR or its equivalent amount in your currency during Main Game or Free Spins Feature or ACCELERATOR Feature. Further Free Spins and way wins will be forfeited if the highest win is capped. COLLECT Symbol will land only on reel 1 and reel 6. The WILD symbol will not appear on reel 1 in the main game and will not appear on reels 1, 5 and 6 during the Free spins. Logging into your account on the desktop website and selecting the option "Game logs" inside any game will allow you to access your game play history. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Bonus Feature Choice: 3 or more BONUS scatter award a MULTIBET BOOSTER PAYOUT and a BONUS choice of FREESPINS Feature or ACCELERATOR Feature Multibet Booster boosts FREESPINS WIN or ACCELERATOR BONUS WIN by boosting the Total BONUS WIN by adding 1x Total BET for 3 x BONUS Scatter symbols, adding 2x Total BET for 4 x BONUS Scatter symbols, adding 3x Total BET for 5 x BONUS Scatter symbols, adding 5x Total BET for 6 x BONUS Scatter symbols. Free spins and Accelerator Feature are played at the bet of the triggering spin Free spins Feature: 3, 4, 5 or 6 BONUS SCATTER SYMBOLS award 8, 12, 20, or 30 FREESPINS with WILD Multiplier + Multibet Booster payout. During FREESPINS WILD transforms into a Multiplier WILD, multiplying the qualifying WILD wins by the corresponding value on WILD symbol x2, x3, or x5. During FREESPINS 2, 3, 4, 5 or 6 BONUS symbols landed awards 5, 8, 12, 20 or 30 EXTRA FREESPINS, respectively. A Multiplier of either 2x 3x or 5x is awarded per WILD MULTIPLIER symbol when in a way win. Each WILD MULTIPLIER will multiply the win awarded on that win way. The COLLECT, CASH and JACKPOT symbols do not appear in FREESPINS. 3 or more BONUS scatter award a MULTIBET BOOSTER PAYOUT ACCELERATOR Feature: 3, 4, 5 or 6 BONUS SCATTER SYMBOLS award 2, 3, 5 or 7 spins in ACCELERATOR Feature + Multibet Booster Payout Only COLLECT, Cash, Jackpot and blank symbols appear A COLLECT is guaranteed to land on every spin. All cash symbols are collected at least once. Each COLLECT symbol awards all landed Cash and Jackpot symbols (e.g. If COLLECT lands on both reel 1 and reel 6 this will pay x2) Jackpot: The Jackpot can be triggered during base game and Accelerator Feature Jackpots can be won by triggering the COLLECT Feature . All the Jackpot symbols that are landed and in view along with a COLLECT symbol, will be awarded to the player (Example: If 2 Jackpots Minor and Major land in the view along with a COLLECT symbol then both the Jackpots are awarded) Jackpots are named Mega, Major, Minor and each will display corresponding pot values. Minor Jackpot awards 25x Total Bet Major Jackpot awards 250x Total Bet Mega Jackpot awards 2,500x Total Bet. This jackpot is specific to this game and not shared with any other games. In-case of network disconnections during the Jackpot feature, Jackpot win will be credited to player account balance automatically. Browser Button Panel Commands: Click on Game Rules to view the detailed rules of the game as a web page. Click on Game Logs to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on Responsible Gaming to open Responsible Gaming page. Click on Real/Play to switch between real-money or play-money mode. Click on Star to add or remove the game from your favorites. Click on the ‘ Deposit’ button to deposit money into your account. The Game logs functionality is applicable only for real-money game play. Return to the player: The theoretical Return to Player is 94.48%. FAQ’s: 1. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game logs' button once you have logged back in. 2.What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Click on ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit. 3. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Service team.