Majestic Fortuna GAME OBJECTIVE: Majestic Fortuna is a 5 reel, 20 fixed payline slot game. The game has a Re-Spins Feature, Free Spins Feature, Meerkat Bonus Round along with Jackpots & Stacked Wild Feature. 3, 4, or 5 Scatter symbols triggers 5, 8 & 12 free spins respectively. Re-Spin Feature triggers when a wild lands in the view and wild symbols move downwards offering a re-spin and this will be continued until there is no wild in view. In addition, we have Expanding wild which is triggered when wild lands behind an activated wild and the entire reel is converted to stacked wild, and re-spin feature continues. During Re-spin Meerkat symbols will be collected. If 3 or more Meerkat symbols are collected, then that triggers Meerkat Bonus Round. This has a separate reel set and meerkat symbols will be placed randomly which awards a random multiplier for each symbol that landed. Jackpot win is also possible in Meerkat Bonus Round. Chance of hitting Mini or Major or Grand Jackpot. Stacked wild feature will be played after the Meerkat bonus round, where players will be offered 5 spins with a stacked wild on one reel at a time. The first spin after the Meerkat bonus uses WildReel5, the second spin uses WildReel4, and so on, offering extra wins for the players. HOW TO PLAY: Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet is set. You can change the bet value by clicking the + or - buttons either side of the BET meter in desktop. You can alter the bet by tapping hamburger menu and changing the bet meter in mobile. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount you wagered on the previous spin. Just click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. To change your bet, increase or decrease the bet shown on the game screen. MAX BET: Click on ‘MAX BET’ to select the maximum possible bet. If your balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled in desktop. Spin: The SPIN button in the middle starts the game in desktop. The SPIN button is at the bottom of the game screen in portrait mode and at the right side of the game screen in landscape mode in mobile. Paytable: The Paytable can be viewed by clicking on the ‘ i ’ button located above the bet panel. You can go back to the game by clicking on the down arrow in the Paytable screen. Paytable in mobile can be viewed by tapping on hamburger menu and selecting the paytable option. Volume: The volume icon will play the game music. Click on the volume icon to mute the volume. Credits: After you have placed the desired bet, your remaining game balance is shown under ‘BALANCE’. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the ‘BALANCE’ meter and the 'BET' meter. Your game balance is shown at the bottom of the game screen. 'AUTOSPIN': Select the AUTOSPIN for hands-free play. For UK user auto spin option will be in disabled mode. To make use of the Auto spin feature, click on the 'AUTOSPIN' button in the bottom of the game screen. When the auto spin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Select from the drop-down menu where applicable. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Similarly, click on stop auto spin button to stop the AUTO SPIN feature and return to the game screen. The available options under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will spin for the number of rotations selected from the slider menu. You can choose a maximum of 1000 spins and play until your balance is more than the total bet placed. Spin till Win equals or exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the win amount equals or exceeds the amount entered in the numeric text box. Spin till Loss not exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the loss limit is reached. Loss will be calculated with (Loss = Total bets - Total wins) Total bets=accumulated total bets Total wins=accumulated total wins (((Total bets- Total wins) + current game bet) Spin till feature trigger: The game will automatically spin until the next feature is triggered. When playing with multiple options and conditions selected, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be disabled. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again or opt for new option(s) and proceed with the game. 'AUTO SPIN' option will be disabled in the play-money mode. GAME SETTINGS: To make use of Game Settings, click on the ‘settings button’ at the bottom of the game screen in between Paytable and Sound icons. Volume: Players can set the volume of the sound effects and ambience by sliding using the volume button. Sound effects: Toggle between on / off to enable or disable the game win animation sounds. Ambience sound: Toggle between on / off to enable or disable the game background sound. Quick spin: By checking this option, game play is faster than the regular spin and for UK player this option will be in disabled mode. Space bar to spin: By checking this option, the space bar can be used to trigger a spin in desktop. Intro Screen: Toggle between on/ off to enable or disable the intro screen for the game. This option stays disabled if the intro video is not available for a game. MOBILE OPTIONS : Tap the Hamburger Menu Icon to view options such as the Paytable, bet settings , auto spin , settings , “i” button & Cashier in mobile. Tap the Home option to navigate back to lobby screen. Tap the Paytable option to view Paytable screen. Tap back button to go back to the game play. Tap the Volume icon to play the game music and vice versa. Tap the ‘ $’ option to navigate to deposit screen. Tap anywhere on the screen to come out from the options. GAME RULES: Majestic Fortuna Game is played with 20 Fixed Paylines. Select SPIN to begin the game with the currently selected BET. BET amount can be changed by using the ‘-’ and ‘+’ buttons. Payouts are made according to the paytable. All symbols pay from left to right, starting from the left most reel. Payline wins are multiplied by the amount bet per line and gets added to the other payline wins. Only the highest win on each selected payline will be paid. In case they're equal, the wild win is counted (e.g., Wild, Wild, Wild, Wild, King is counted as a Wild win rather than King) Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except Meerkat & Scatter symbols. Meerkat & Scatter symbols do not have any payout. Meerkat symbol will appear only on Main game and will not appear on Free Spins Feature. The maximum win in this game is capped to 250,000 EUR or its equivalent amount in your currency during Main game or Free spins or Re-Spins or Meerkat bonus round. Mini & Major Jackpot win will also be included for this maximum win. Further line wins, re-spin wins, free spins win, meerkat bonus wins, or Mini & Major Jackpot wins will be forfeited if the highest win is reached during the game. Gameplay history can be accessed by logging into your account on the desktop website and choosing menu “Game Logs” inside any game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The theoretical return to player of this game ranges from 94.71% to 95.28% including Grand Jackpot. FREE SPINS FEATURE: Any 3, 4 or 5 Scatter symbols in the view during the Main game and Re-spin Feature triggers 5, 8 and 12 free spins respectively. Free spins are played at the same bet of the triggering game. All payouts during Free Spins are made according to the paytable. During Free Spins, there are no Meerkat Symbol. In Free Spins only, if wild symbol lands in the view it will expand by filling the entire reel with wilds. Expanded wilds trigger the Re-Spin Feature and moves down the reel same as Re-Spin Feature. If the wild lands behind an expanded wild, then reel is refilled with wilds and Re-Spin Feature continues. Free Spins Feature & Re-Spin Feature can be retriggered during Free Spins. RE-SPIN FEATURE: When Wild appears on the view and all the wins are evaluated for the initial spin, then wild symbol moves down by one position on the reel and Re-Spin Feature is awarded. If a Wild symbol appears during Re-spins, then that wild symbols will follow the same behavior of moving down one position with each Re-Spin. If a Wild symbol lands behind the activated Wild during Re-Spin, then the entire reel is converted to Staked Wild (Stake of 3 wild) And Re-Spin Feature continues with Wilds moving downwards. Re-Spins are repeated until there are no Wilds in the Reel view. This Re-Spin Feature is awarded in both Main game & Free Spins Feature. Both Meerkat Bonus Round & Free Spins Feature can be won during Re-Spin Feature. Re-Spins are played at the same bet of the triggering game. MEERKAT BONUS ROUND: Meerkat Bonus Round can be activated only when 3 or more Meerkat symbols collected during single Re-Spin Feature. During Re-Spin Feature if a Meerkat symbols lands in the view, then it will be “Collected”. If Re-Spin Feature ends with less than 3 Meerkat symbols, then Meerkat symbol count will be reset to ‘0’. Only one Meerkat symbol can be collected from each reel. So, maximum of 5 symbols can be collected from 5 reels. Meerkat Bonus Round will be played with 15 independent reel sets, spinning individually. If Player collects more than 3 Meerkat symbols during single Re-Spin feature, then Meerkat Bound Round will be played. The collected Meerkat symbols will be placed on the reel randomly. Initially 3 spins will be awarded in Meerkat Bonus Round, if new meerkat symbols are added then the number of spins will be returned to 3. Bonus round will be continued until player reaches Zero spins or after the complete grid fills. Each Meerkat symbol that lands in Bonus round will has a random multiplier value of 10X – 200X, which will be multiplied by the amount bet per line. Jackpot can be won during the Meerkat Bonus Round: If One entire row, from left to right is filled with Meerkat Symbol. Then Mini Jackpot is awarded. If Two entire rows, from left to right is filled with Meerkat Symbol. Then Major Jackpot is awarded. If Three entire rows, from left to right is filled with Meerkat Symbol. Then Grand Jackpot is awarded. Mini Jackpot: It is a fixed jackpot and awards 20X times to the total bet placed. Major Jackpot: It is a fixed jackpot and awards 100X times to the total bet placed . Grand Jackpot: It is a progressive jackpot. Whenever a bet is placed, some portion of the bet will be added to the jackpot amount. Maximum amount that can be won for Grand jackpot is 250,000 EUR or its equivalent amount in your currency. Player can win jackpot only in Meerkat Bonus Round and at a time only one Jackpot will be hit. STACKED WILD FEATURE: Staked Wild Feature will be triggered along with Meerkat Bonus Round and played after completion of Meerkat Bonus Round. Staked Wild Feature will be played with the same bet of the triggering game. All payouts during Staked Wild Feature are made according to the paytable. Player will be awarded with 5 spin in Staked Wild Feature. In which each spin consists of one Staked Wild (Stake of 3 wild) on one reel at a time. The Stack Wild moves from right most reel to the left. (e.g., In 1 st spin Staked Wild will be on 5 th Reel and for 2 nd Spin Staked wild will be on 4 th Reel and so on.) During Staked Wild Feature, there will be no Meerkat Symbols, Scatter Symbols & Re-Spin Feature. BROWSER PANEL COMMANDS: Click on Game Rules to view the detailed rules of the game as web page. Click on Game Logs to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on Real /Play to switch between real-money or play-money mode. Click on the Deposit button to deposit money into your account. The Game Logs functionality is applicable only for the real-money game play. FAQ’s: 1. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the main game, you will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game Logs' button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected in the middle of the feature round, you will be prompted to complete it after logging back in. After completing the feature, you can continue game play, or you can select another game of your choice. 2. What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Click on ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit in Desktop. Go to the Cashier option $ and deposit in mobile. 3. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Service team. Last modification date: 3/10/2023