MGM Grand Millions MegawaysTM Game Objective: MGM Grand Millions Megaways TM is a 6 reel, no payline and “Megaways TM ” with cascading wins. Symbols pay from left to right in consecutive combinations (Ways). When four or more scattered MGM Grand Millions Logo symbols appear anywhere in view, feature is triggered with random no. of free spins and multiplier. The free spins feature can be re-triggered within free spins. The wild symbol substitutes for all other symbols, except for scattered MGM Grand Millions Logo symbol. How to play: Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet is set. You can change the bet value by clicking the + or - buttons either side of the BET meter. MAX BET: Click on ‘MAX BET’ to select the maximum possible bet. If your balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled. Paytable: The Paytable can be viewed by clicking on the ‘ i ’ button located in a panel beside the bet panel. You can go back to the game by clicking on the back on the Paytable screen. Spin: The SPIN button in the middle starts the game. Volume: The volume icon will play the game music. Click on the Volume icon to mute the volume. CREDITS: Your remaining game balance after you have placed the desired bet is shown in ‘BALANCE’ meter i.e., the current game balance minus the total bet placed. 'AUTOSPIN': Select the AUTOSPIN for hands-free play. To make use of the Auto spin feature, click on the 'AUTOSPIN' button in the bottom of the game screen. When the Auto spin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Select from the drop-down menu where applicable. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Similarly, click on Stop Auto spin button to stop the AUTO SPIN feature and return to the game screen. The available options under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will spin for the number of rotations selected from the slider menu. You can choose a maximum of 50 spins and play until your balance is more than the total bet placed. Spin till Win equals or exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the win amount is equals or exceeds the amount entered. Spin till feature trigger: The game will automatically spin until the next feature is triggered. The auto spin game is terminated whenever The Big One Jackpot is triggered between auto spins. When playing with multiple options and conditions selected, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be disabled. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again or opt for new option(s) and proceed with the game. 'AUTO SPIN' option will be disabled in the demo mode. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount you wagered on the previous spin. Just click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. To change your bet, increase or decrease the Bet shown on the game screen. Credits: After you have placed the desired bet, your remaining game balance is shown under ‘BALANCE’. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the ‘BALANCE’ meter and the 'BET' meter. Your game balance is shown at the bottom of the game screen. Game Settings: To make use of Game Settings, click on the ‘settings button’ at the bottom of the game screen in between Paytable and Sound icons. Volume: Players can set the volume of the sound effects and ambience by sliding using the volume button. Sound effects: Toggle between On / Off to enable or disable the game win animation sounds. Ambience sound: Toggle between On / Off to enable or disable the game background sound. Quick spin: By checking this option, game play is faster than the regular. Space bar to spin: By checking this option, the space bar can be used to trigger a spin. This option stays disabled if the intro video is not available for a game. Mobile Options: Tap the Home option to navigate back to lobby screen. Tap the Paytable option to view Paytable screen. Tap back button to go back to the game play. Tap the Volume icon to play the game music and vice versa. Tap the ‘ $’ option to navigate to deposit screen. The reel structure numbering for winning combinations in main game and free spin game is as below: Main game: 6 13 20 27 0 1 2 3 4 5 7 8 9 10 11 12 14 15 16 17 18 19 21 22 23 24 25 26 28 29 30 31 32 33 35 36 37 38 39 40 42 43 44 45 46 47 Free spin game: 6 13 20 27 0 1 2 3 4 5 7 8 9 10 11 12 14 15 16 17 18 19 21 22 23 24 25 26 28 29 30 31 32 33 35 36 37 38 39 40 42 43 44 45 46 47 If two of the same symbols appear on reel 1 and 2, followed by three of that symbol appears on reel 3 in different rows, the way win does not pay for 5 of that symbol combination together. Instead, it will pay for 3 separate way wins using those 3 of the same symbols appearing on reel 3. e.g., If symbol Jack lands on reel 1 and 2, and 3 x Jack symbols land on reel 3, there will be three different way wins for the symbol Jack. Each way would be a win with three consecutive occurrences of the symbol Jack. The reel positions for the symbol Jack-way wins will be as below: 0, 1, 2 0, 1, 9 0, 1, 16 Game Rules: Megaways™ under license from Big Time Gaming. MGM Grand Millions Megaways™ is a six reel, “Megaways™” game with cascading wins. Each reel will contain symbols from 2 to 7 randomly. The game has a horizontal Top reel above the main reels which contains 4 further symbols. These symbols in the Top reel are included in winning combinations above the corresponding vertical reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. The Top reel also cascades but from right to left as opposed to vertically. SPIN begins the game with currently selected bet. All wins shown in the paytable are multiplied by the amount Bet. All possible way wins are added to the total win. During base game and freespins, only the highest winning combination made with at least non-wild symbol is awarded on each ways. Each spin can have up to 200,704 Megaways™ to Win. All symbols pay left to right, starting from the left-most reel except for the Scattered MGM Grand Millions Logo symbol. Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except for Scattered MGM Grand Millions Logo symbol. Wild and Scatter (MGM Grand Millions Logo) symbols do not have payout. Wild symbol appears only on 1,2,3,4,5 and Top reels and doesn't appear on reel 6 in both main game and Free Spins. 4 or more Scatter symbols appear anywhere on the reels awards the free spins feature. All pays are shown in USD currency. Gameplay history can be accessed by logging into your account on the desktop website and choosing menu “History” inside any game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The Theoretical Return to the player of this game is 92.16%. Cascading Wins: Any symbol used from a win will explode after the prize has been awarded. New symbols are “cascaded” into the gaps left by the previous winning symbols. The Top reel symbols will be replaced from the right. The main reel symbols are dropped from above. Cascading Feature will stop automatically: If the number of cascades reached to 8 though there is win in 8th cascade in both Main game and Free Spins. If there are no new winning combinations to form a win. Number of symbols per reel will remain same during cascading wins. All wins accumulated during these cascading wins are credited to player after the cascade feature has completed. Free spins feature: The free spins feature will be triggered when 4 or more Scattered MGM Grand Millions Logo symbols appear anywhere on the reel view including the Top reel. Player will move to feature selection screen where player has a chance to pick 1 out of 3 tiles available on each step. Free spins and Multiplier information will be revealed if player chooses a correct tile on each step and free spins and multipliers keep adding on selecting the correct tiles on each step. Wrong tile selected will show Collect option where player will continue playing with the awarded free spins and multiplier from the previous steps. Free spins and multipliers awarded are random which ranges from 6 to 30 for free spins and 2 to 8 for multipliers. All way wins during free spins are multiplied by the free spin’s multiplier awarded. Free spins are played at the same bet of the triggering game. Free spins feature will be re-triggered when 4 or more Scattered MGM Grand Millions Logo symbols appear anywhere on the reel view including the Top reel and awards free spins same as initially awarded. JACKPOT RULES: The Big One jackpot can be triggered anytime, either during normal spin, auto spin or after the Free spin feature game. When player hits a jackpot, game screen then moves to jackpot screen where a Jackpot wheel with list of jackpot names is available. Win amounts for the current jackpot spin are mentioned in the Jackpot table. There are 5 different jackpots, each of which has a unique color. All five jackpots are shown on the wheel. By clicking on the SPIN button, the wheel rotates and stops on any one jackpot name and the respective jackpot amount is awarded. Big One Jackpots have two pools for each jackpot tier, current instance pool and reserve pool During game play a % of the total bet (mentioned below) is contributed towards both the pools Jackpot Name Initial Seed (USD) Instance Contribution % Reserve Contribution % The Big One Colossal Cash $ 320,000.00 0.564% 1.6% The Big One Mega Cash $ 10,000.00 0.1% 0.125% The Big One Super Cash $750.00 0.08% 0.015% The Big One Quick Cash $200.00 0.1% 0.1% The Big One Blitz Cash $40.00 0.12% 0.2% Each jackpot starts with initial seed amount. Initial Jackpot seed is funded by “The House”, and the subsequent instances are funded from reserve pool, the amount accumulated in reserve pool becomes the next seed. Big One jackpots are played across multiple games and all games have equal probability of winning the jackpot. A jackpot instance can only won by one player, and this applies for all Jackpot tiers. In-case of network disconnections during the Jackpot wheel feature, jackpot win will be credited to player account balance automatically. The jackpot is triggered randomly. Any bet is eligible for the jackpot. The more you wager the higher the chances of hitting the jackpot. The number of spins awarded in jackpot screen equals the number of jackpots awarded. Only real money play will contribute to the jackpot amount. Jackpot contributions and triggering will not be applicable for games played on "play for fun/demo" mode. The maximum jackpot amount player can get from each of the above jackpot is 5,000,000 USD. Jackpot Contribution/RTP is 3.004%. Browser Button Panel Commands: Click on Rules to view the detailed rules of the game as web page. Click on History to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on Real Money/Demo to switch between real-money or demo-money mode. Click on the Deposit button to deposit money into your account. The History functionality is applicable only for the real-money game play. FAQ’s: 1. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the cascading game, you will be prompted to complete the game. You will be able to view the result from History by logging to the desktop website. If you are disconnected in the middle of the feature round, you will be prompted to complete it after logging back in. After completing the feature round, you can continue game play, or you can select another game of your choice. 2. What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Click on ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit. 3. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Service team.