Perfect Blackjack Pro Introduction: The objective of the game is to accumulate cards with a total value higher than the dealer and without going over 21. The value of a hand is the sum of the values of all the cards in the hand. Perfect Blackjack Pro is type of blackjack that offers an extra side bet in addition to the regular blackjack game. Perfect Pair is a wager that the first two cards dealt to a hand will be a pair of the same value. Different odds are paid depending on whether cards are also of the same suit, same color or are of the mixed colors. The game has two perfect pair bets: Player's Pair Dealer's Pair The value of each cards is as follows: Cards from 2 through 10 are valued as indicated. Face cards J , Q , and K are all valued at 10 points. An A (read as ace) counts as 1 or 11: If scoring an 11 would cause your hand value to exceed 21 ( TOO MANY ), an A will count as 1. You can play up to three hands at once. Information: Eight decks are used in this game, and each deck has 52 cards. The deck is shuffled before every game. The dealer stands on soft 17. Dealer doesn't peek for BLACKJACK . Even Money Insurance. Each hand can only be split once, split hands cannot be split again. Double after split is allowed. Double any 2 cards, except BLACKJACK . Split aces cannot be hit. BLACKJACK pays 3:2. BLACKJACK on split Aces and Tens is treated as 21. Player loses Original Bets Only against Dealer's BLACKJACK . No Surrender. Side bets are made with main game bets only. How to play: The game starts with the player placing the regular blackjack bet and then he may choose to place a Perfect Pair bet. The player can place the side bet on both Player pair and Dealer pair together. After this, the dealer starts dealing the cards. Two face-up cards are given to the player and one face up plus one face down card is dealt to the dealer. If the player has received a mixed, coloured or a perfect pair, he gets his payout on the side bet and the game continues. Player pair bet result will displayed first and then allows the player to play the regular blackjack bet. In this case dealer second card will be face down, until the player played the regular blackjack bet. After that, dealer face up the second card and the display the result of dealer pairs bet. If there is no pair, the side bet is lost and the game continues as well. CLEAR BETS clears the entire amount wagered. Once the wagers are placed click on the DEAL button. To repeat the bet of a previous game, click on the REBET button. To repeat the bet of a previous game and deal the cards, click on the REBET/DEAL button. To return your last bet by clicking on UNDO button. Double your bet by clicking on DOUBLE BET button. If your game balance is not enough for playing the game, the error message will appear and player will be able to deposit money by pressing on DEPOSIT button. Click on the Help button from the game menu on the top right of the game screen to view the game rules. To switch on or off sound in the game, click on Sound button that is located at the right top corner of the screen in the game menu. There is the ability to change table background to black, green or red color in the game through Settings button from the game menu. Browser Button Panel Commands Click on Game Rules to view the detailed rules of the game as web page. Click on Game Logs to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on Exit Game to leave the game and return to the lobby. Click on Responsible Gaming to open Responsible Gaming page. Click on Real\Play to switch to real- or play-money mode. Click on Star to add or remove game from your favourites. Click on the Deposit button to deposit money into your account. Playing options: SOFT total: A hand containing an A that can be counted as 11 without TOO MANY . For example, A - 6 is soft 17. HARD total: A hand containing an A that can only be counted as 1 because counting it as 11 would make the hand exceed 21. For example, A - 6 - 10 is hard 17. A tie between the player and the dealer is known as a PUSH , and your bet is returned. Depending on the strength of your cards, you can choose from the following options: HIT , STAND , DOUBLE , SPLIT , as per the game rules. STAND: Click STAND to stops receiving more cards. You may stand at any time if you are satisfied with your hand as it is. HIT : Click HIT to be dealt the next card. You may continue to take cards until you either stand, go TOO MANY . DOUBLE: After you are dealt your first two cards, you may be offered the chance to DOUBLE , called doubling down. Once this is selected the bet amount is doubled and you will be dealt one more final card. The hand will stand after the card is dealt. Doubling down is offered after splitting. If the hand qualifies for a double but your game balance is not sufficient for the additional bet, clicking this button will prompt a message stating that your balance is insufficient to perform this action. If you lose the hand, you lose the entire doubled bet. SPLIT: If you have two cards of the same value (i.e. paired, for example two 7s, two 10 valued cards, two face cards, etc.), you can click SPLIT to separate the cards, one to each of two hands. The two hands then receive one more card each. You are only allowed to split once, even if a split hand is paired. If the hand qualifies for a split but your game balance is not sufficient for the additional bet, clicking this button will prompt a message stating that your balance is insufficient to perform this action. You may draw as many cards as you wish on each split hand, with the exception of splitting AA and doubling down after split. If you split AA , only one card will be dealt to each A hand. If a 10 valued card is dealt to either A , the hand is counted as 21, not blackjack. Once SPLIT is selected, an additional bet equal to your original bet is placed. You are only allowed to split once, even if more splitting opportunities arise. If the hand qualifies for a split but your game balance is not sufficient for the additional bet, clicking this button will prompt a message stating that your balance is insufficient to perform this action. Click on HIT , STAND , or DOUBLE . DOUBLE is only available for 2 cards and not after splitting AA. Once the first hand is complete, the second hand is active. 21: Hand will not be highlighted if value is 21. It will move to the next hand. Hands of 21 automatically STAND . INSURANCE is offered when the dealer’s first card is an A . Insurance gives you a chance to protect your hand in case the dealer has blackjack. You can insure your hand by clicking YES or all hands by clicking YES TO ALL . If you don't want to insure your hand, click NO or NO TO ALL for all hands. Insurance costs 50% of the initial bet. When insurance is selected the insurance bet will be placed as additional bet above the cards. If the dealer has blackjack, the insurance bet pays 2:1, and you will lose the initial hand bet. If the dealer does not have blackjack, you will lose the insurance bet and the game will continue for the initial hand bet. If the dealer has an A , and the player has a BLACKJACK , the player has the option of EVEN MONEY . Click on YES for one hand or YES TO ALL for all hands to choose this option, the player will receive the same amount (1:1) of his Blackjack, without the Dealers face-down card even being exposed, thus protecting himself from a possible Dealer’s Blackjack. The player may also click on NO for one hand or NO TO ALL for all hands to continue playing without using the EVEN MONEY option. If the Dealer does not have a blackjack, the player will be paid at a normal relation of 3:2 on his Blackjack. If the hand qualifies for an insurance but your game balance is not sufficient for the additional bet, clicking this button will prompt a message stating that your balance is insufficient to perform this action. Only if the first two cards dealt are an A and a 10 valued card the hand is BLACKJACK and pays 3:2 if it beats the dealer. But if the dealer has BLACKJACK too the result is PUSH . If you have an A and a 10 valued card after splitting the hand is value 21 only and not BLACKJACK. If the 21 valued hand wins it is paid at odds of 1:1. When the dealer hand is complete the results are displayed on both the dealer's and the player's cards. Paytable: Win Type Description Payout BLACKJACK A blackjack, or 'natural', comprises a total of 21 in your first two cards. If you split a pair of Aces or 10 valued cards and then have a A with a 10 valued card this will not count as blackjack, but rather a total of 21. Your blackjack beats any dealer total except a dealer's blackjack. If both you and the dealer have a blackjack, the hand is a tie or PUSH , and nobody wins or loses. 3:2 NORMAL Your total is greater than dealer's, but less than or equal to 21. 1:1 PUSH The totals of your hand(-s) and of the dealer are the same. BET RETURNED INSURANCE Offered on the dealer's Ace to insure your hand against the dealer receiving a blackjack. It costs 50% of the bet amount for that hand. If the dealer gets a blackjack, the insurance bet pays 2:1 and you lose the initial bet. If the dealer does not get a blackjack, you lose the insurance bet, and the game continues for the initial bet amount. EVEN MONEY This option is offered when the dealer has an Ace and when player has a blackjack. By choosing this option, the player will receive the same amount of his Blackjack. 1:1 MIXED PAIR The two initial cards drawn are exactly alike in face value, except for suit and colour. An example of a mixed pair would be a Nine of Hearts and a Nine of Clubs. 6:1 COLOURED PAIR The two initial cards drawn are exactly alike in face value and colour, except for suit. An example of a coloured pair would be an Ace of Clubs and an Ace of Spades. 12:1 PERFECT PAIR The two initial cards drawn are exactly alike (face value, colour and suit). An example of a perfect pair would be two Queens of Diamonds. 25:1 The theoretical return to player of this game is 99.49%. The theoretical return to player for the Player’s Pair side bet is 95.91 %. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Game History: Detailed gameplay history can be accessed by logging into your account on the desktop or mobile website and selecting the "Game Logs" menu. Adding Funds to your Account To add funds to your account, click on Deposit in My Account then select the desired deposit option. The time taken to transfer funds and the fees charged will vary depending on which deposit option you choose. Funds can only be added at the beginning of a new game. What do I do if I reach my betting limits? To add funds to your account, click on the “DEPOSIT ” button in the browser common panel, then select the desired deposit option. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you are disconnected in the middle of the base game , the software will automatically complete the game for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the “Game logs” button once you have logged back in. If your game is disconnected during play your game can be restored when you connect back again. If you still face any problems, please contact our Customer Care Team.