MegaCars Game Objective: Mega C ars is a 5-reel slot game. There are only four symbol s: two that pay (CUP, CHAMPAGNE) , a blank ( DIAMOND ) and one to trigger the feature (Free Spins) . Three or more adjacent CAR symbols appearing on a pay line, triggers the feature. Game Information: Game is played with 10 fixed pay lines. SPIN can be triggered by clicking on the spin button with the current selected BET. Payouts are displayed on the PAYTABLE. Whenever there is a win, the total BALANCE will update, and the amount won during the spin is shown in the WIN meter at the bottom of the game. The game and game rules are identical in both the real-money and play-money modes, except that auto spin option will not be available in play-money mode . How to play: Spin: Click on Spin button to start the game. The SPIN button is available at the bottom of the game screen in portrait mode and at the right side of the game screen in landscape mode. Result: Wins are indicated by animated symbols, and in case of a scatter win, by animated scatter symbols. Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet is set. You can alter the bet per line by clicking on and changing the Bet Per Line meter as shown below. MAX BET: Slide on MAX BET to select the maximum possible bet. If your balance is not sufficient , this option will be disabled. AUTOSPIN: You can make use of this feature to select various options for 'hands free' game play. To make use of the ‘AUTOSPIN’ feature, tap on the button. When the Auto spin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you would like to play with. Tap on ‘OK’ to activate the selected options and start the spins. The available options under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will spin for the number of spin s selected from the n umber of s pins m eter. You can choose maximum of 1000 spins and play until your balance is more than the total bet placed. For UK Player the number of spins available will be 100. Spin till Win equals or exceeds: The game will spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount entered in the text box. Spin till Loss not exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the loss limit is reached. Loss will be calculated with (Loss = Total bets - Total wins) Total bets=accumulated total bets Total wins=accumulated total wins (((Total bets- Total wins) + current game bet) <= Loss limit target) then next auto spin will be allowed.” Spin till feature trigger: The game will spin until the next feature is triggered. Auto spin Panel When playing with multiple options and conditions selected, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be disabled. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again or opt for new option(s) and proceed with the game. Click on the STOP SPIN button to deactivate AUTO SPIN and the normal game will be restored. Tap on menu icon to view the option like pay table, bet settings, Auto play, Settings button, i button and cashier. Tap on the ‘Lobby’ option to navigate back to lobby screen. Tap on the 'PAYTABLE' option to view p ay table screen. Tap on the button to go back to the game play. Tap on the ‘Sound’ icon to play the game music and vice versa. Tap on the ‘Cashier’ option to navigate to deposit screen. Tap anywhere on the screen to come out from the options. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount you wagered on the previous spin. Just click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. To change your bet, increase or decrease the Bet shown on the game screen. The total win amount is shown in the WIN meter at the bottom of the screen. Credits: After you have placed the desired bet and clicked on SPIN, your remaining game balance is shown under ‘BALANCE’. Your game balance is shown at the bottom of the game screen. Tap on ‘Quick Spin’ icon to reduce the time of the spin. Game Rules: Mega Car s is a 5-reel slot game, played with 10 pay lines. All payouts are made according to the p ay table. Pay table will always show the win amount for the currently selected bet on 10 fixed pay lines. MAX BET selects 10 lines and maximum bet value. Only the highest win on each pay line is paid. Coinciding wins on different pay lines are added to your total balance. Champagne and Cup symbols pay from left to right, right to left and middle 3 reels. Champagne and Cup symbols pay when 3 or more identical symbols appear adjacent to one another on pay lines. CAR and DIAMOND symbols do not have any payouts. 3 or more adjacent CAR symbols on a pay line triggers the f ree s pins f eature. Malfunction void s all pays and plays. The min bet is € 0.10, and the max bet is € 2,000.00 Theoretical return to player is 9 3.40 %. Free Spins feature : Free spins triggering, re triggering and awarding rules are same. 3 or more adjacent CAR symbols appearing on a pay line triggers the feature (free spins) . When 3 adjacent CAR symbols appear on a pay line, then 5, 10, 15, 20 or 30 f ree s pins are awarded. When 4 adjacent CAR symbols appear on a pay line, then 10, 20, 25, 30, 35 or 40 f ree s pins are awarded. When 5 adjacent CAR symbols appear on a pay line, then 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30, 31, 32, 35, 40, 45 or 50 f ree s pins are awarded. During free spins, 3 or more adjacent CAR symbols appearing on a pay line retriggers free spin s feature Free spins are played at 10 fixed lines and bet per line of the feature triggering spin . Return to the player: The theoretical return to player of this game is 93.40 %. Game History: Gameplay history can be accessed by logging into your account on the desktop website and choosing menu “Game logs” inside any game. FAQ’s: 1. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game logs' button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected in the middle of the feature round, you will be prompted to complete it after logging back in. After completing the feature round, you can continue game play, or you can select another game of your choice. 2. Malfunctions void s all pays and plays. 3. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team.