Mini Runner Mini Runner Main Game Screen Game Objective: Mini Runner is a 3x3-reel slot game with 5 fixed paylines. You win based on the combination of the various symbols displayed on the selected winning payline(s). The dynamic paytable on the game screen will always show the respective symbol payout amounts for the currently selected bet on 5 fixed paylines. Paytable Paylines Game Information: The game is played with 5 fixed lines. When you enter the game, a default total bet is set. The total BET is the number of fixed lines multiplied by the selected BET VALUE. The BET VALUE can be changed by using the and buttons. SPIN can be triggered by clicking on the spin button with the currently selected BET. Payouts are displayed on the PAYTABLE. The paytable will always show the respective symbol payout amounts for the currently selected bet on 5 fixed paylines . All symbols pay from left to right. All winning symbols will be animated in addition to background animations. Whenever there is a win, the total win is displayed in SUPERMETER and the amount won in the spin is shown in the WIN bar at the bottom of the game. The game and game rules are identical in both the real-money and play-money modes, except that the auto spin option will not be available in play-money mode. How to play: Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet value is set for all 5 lines on the slot machine. You can increase the bet value by clicking on the button to the right of BET/LINE, or you can decrease the bet value by clicking on the button to the left. Bets will not be adjusted to the next possible bet if your balance drops below total bet placed. In this case, click on the button shown at the bottom of the game screen. LINES: Five lines are fixed by default. MAX BET: To play with MAX BET, click on . If your balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled. The number of lines are multiplied by the 'BET VALUE'. The total bet amount is displayed below the 'BET' label, which can be found at the bottom of the game screen. Paytable: The paytable can be viewed either by clicking on the button located in bottom of the game screen beside the Game Settings and Sound icons or by clicking on the button. The prizes displayed in the paytable are per unit bet and this game has a dynamic paytable where payouts shown in the paytable are multiplied with the bet. You can go back to the game by clicking on the button on the paytable screen. Spin: Click on the SPIN icon to start spinning the reels. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines will be paid according to the paytable. Result: Wins are indicated by blue boxes and animated symbols inside it, with the total win amount being shown at the bottom of the screen below 'WIN'. Volume: The icon will play the game music. Click on the icon to mute the volume . AUTO SPIN: You can use this feature to choose all or any of the various options for 'hands free' game play. The available options under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will spin for the number of rotations selected on the slider menu. You can choose a maximum of 1,000 spins and play until your balance is more than the total bet placed. For UKGC players, the maximum number of spins available will be 100. Spin till Win equals or exceeds: The game will spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount entered in the numeric text box . Spin till Loss not exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the loss limit is reached. Loss will be calculated with (Loss = Total bets - Total wins) Total bets=accumulated total bets Total wins=accumulated total wins (((Total bets- Total wins) + current game bet) <= Loss limit target) then next auto spin will be allowed. To make use of the auto spin feature, click on the 'AUTO SPIN' button in the bottom of the game screen. When the auto spin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Select from the drop-down menu where applicable. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Similarly, click on the Stop Auto spin button to stop the AUTO SPIN feature and return to the game screen. When playing with multiple options and conditions selected, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others and the remaining selected conditions will be disabled. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again or opt for new option(s) and proceed with the game. The 'AUTO SPIN' option will be disabled in the play-money mode. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount you wagered on the previous spin. Simply click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. ­To change your bet, increase or decrease the bet shown on the game screen. Credits: After you have placed the desired bet, your remaining game balance is shown under ‘BALANCE’. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the ‘BALANCE’ meter and the 'BET' meter. Your game balance is shown at the bottom of the game screen. Game Settings: To make use of the Game Settings, click on the Game Settings button at the bottom of the game screen in between the paytable and sound icons. Volume: Players can set the volume of the sound effects by sliding through the volume button. Sound effects: Toggle between on / off to enable or disable the game win animation sounds. Quick spin: By checking this option, game play is faster than the regular spin. Space bar to spin: Players can use space bar key to spin the game. Game Rules: The game is played with 5 fixed number of lines. SPIN will be triggered by clicking on the spin button with the currently selected BET. All payouts are made according to the paytable displayed on top right of the game screen. The paytable will always show the win amount for the currently selected bet on 5 fixed paylines. The highest win amount is paid on each selected payline. Wins on different lines will be added together. All symbols pay from left to right. The highest payout will be paid if the symbols such as Orange, Bell and Plum with Star appear on a valid payline. The game and game rules are identical in both the real-money and play-money modes and auto spin option will not be available in play-money mode. Coinciding wins on different lines are all added to your total win. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. Features Supermeter Feature: The TOTAL BET placed is at a ratio of 4:1 which is from the Supermeter and player balance respectively. Whenever there is a win, the total win amount is added to the Supermeter. If there is zero amount in the Supermeter, the amount required to place bet is added from the player balance to the Supermeter. At any point of time, players can transfer the balance from the Supermeter to their player balance by clicking on the “Add to balance” button beside the Supermeter. If the Supermeter amount exceeds the value displayed on screen (just below the Supermeter ticker), the entire amount will be credited to the player balance. Players will not be able to place bet which exceeds the Supermeter amount. In this case, players can collect the Supermeter amount and then place the desired bet. Browser Panel Commands: Main Game Menu Options Click on Responsible Gaming to navigate to the Responsible Gaming page. Click on Game Rules to view game rules of the game. Click on Game logs to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on the Deposit button to add funds to your account. Click on Real/Play to switch between real-money or play-money game modes. The Game logs functionality is applicable only for the real-money game play. Return to the player: The theoretical return to player of this game is 96.25%. FAQ’s: 1. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game logs' button once you have logged back in. 2. What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Click on ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit. 3. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. 4. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Service team. Last modification date: 10.12.2019