Melon Madness Deluxe Melon Madness Deluxe Game Objective: Melon Madness Deluxe is a five-reel, thirty-line jackpot slot game with a Free Spins feature. When 3 or more scattered Bell symbols appear anywhere in view, the player is required to choose one scattered Bell which reveals the free spin count and multiplier value. The free spins feature cannot be retriggered within free spins. Paytable Paylines Game Information: Game is played with 30 variable lines. SPIN can be triggered by clicking on the spin button with the current selected BET and LINES. Payouts are displayed on the PAYTABLE. Payline wins are multiplied by the amount ‘bet per line’ and gets added to other payline wins. Only the highest winning combination made with at least one non-wild symbol is awarded on each selected line. Coinciding wins on different bet lines are all added to your total. Scatter (represented by Bell symbol) wins are multiplied by total bet and added to payline wins. All symbols pay from left to right, except the scatter symbol which pays anywhere in view. On the winning line the winning symbols will slightly animate with bounce in animation and the win line will be colored and remaining will be grayed out. The Ticker messages will appear on bottom of game screen. Whenever there is a win, the total BALANCE will update, and the amount won in the spin is shown in the WIN bar at the bottom of the game. How to play: Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet per payline is set for all 30 lines on the slot machine. You can increase the bet per line by clicking the button to the right of 'BET', or you can decrease the bet by clicking the button to the left. Bet and lines will not get adjusted to the next possible bet, if your balance drops below total bet placed, then click on button to deposit. Setting 'LINES': Thirty lines are selected by default. You can decrease the number of lines by clicking the button to the left of 'LINES', or select more lines by clicking the button to the right. MAX BET: To play with MAX BET, click on . If your balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled. The number of selected lines are multiplied by the 'bet per line'. The total bet amount is displayed beside the 'BET' label, which can be found at the bottom of the game screen. Paytable: The Paytable can be viewed either by clicking the button located in bottom of game screen beside ‘BET’ label or by clicking button located at the bottom of the screen beside the Line meter. The prizes displayed in the Paytable are per unit bet, and are shown as multipliers. To get the effective payout per line, multiply the respective prize with the bet per line. You can go back to the game by clicking on the button on the Paytable screen. Clicking on the button will open the rules screen along with Paytable and allow you to read the game rules. Spin: Click on SPIN icon to start spinning the reels. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines and any scatter wins will be paid according to the Paytable. Result: Wins are indicated by colorized paylines animated symbols, and in case of a scatter win, by animated symbols, with the total win amount being shown at the bottom of the screen beside 'WIN'. Volume: icon will play the game music. Click on icon will mute the volume . CREDITS: Your remaining game balance, after you have placed the desired bet, is shown in ‘BALANCE’ meter i.e. the current game balance minus the total bet placed. 'AUTOSPIN': Select the AUTOSPIN for hands-free play. To make use of the Auto spin feature, click on the 'AUTOSPIN' button in the bottom of the game screen. When the Auto spin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Select from the drop-down menu where applicable. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Similarly, click on Stop Auto spin button to stop the AUTO SPIN feature and return to the game screen. For UK players this option will be disabled. The available options under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will spin for the number of rotations selected from the slider menu. You can choose a maximum of 1000 spins and play until your balance is more than the total bet placed. Spin till Win equals or exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the win amount is equals or exceeds the amount entered. Spin till Loss not exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the loss limit is reached. Loss will be calculated with (Loss = Total bets - Total wins) Total bets=accumulated total bets Total wins=accumulated total wins (((Total bets- Total wins) + current game bet) Spin till feature trigger: The game will automatically spin until the next feature is triggered. The auto spin game is terminated whenever The Big One Jackpot is triggered between auto spins. When playing with multiple options and conditions selected, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be disabled. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again or opt for new option(s) and proceed with the game. 'AUTO SPIN' option will be disabled in the play-money mode. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount you wagered on the previous spin. Just click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. To change your bet, increase the bet meter shown on the game screen.­ All winning symbols will be animated in addition to jackpot location animation and background animations. The total win amount is shown in the WIN meter at the bottom right of the screen. Your remaining game balance is shown near the BALANCE meter at the bottom of the screen. Browser Panel Commands: Click on “ Responsible Gaming ” to navigate to the Responsible gaming page. Click on “ Game logs ” to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on “ Game Rules ” button to view the detailed rules of the game as web page. Click on “ Deposit ” button to deposit to your account. Click on “ Real/Play ” to switch to real-money or play-money game mode. The “ Game logs ” functionality is applicable only for the real money game play. Game Rules : Player can play the game from 1 to 30 lines. All payouts are made according to the Paytable. Only the highest winning combination made with at least one non-wild symbol is awarded on each selected lines. SPIN begins the game with the currently selected BET and LINES. MAX BET selects 30 lines and maximum bet value. Payouts are displayed on the PAYTABLE. Payline wins are multiplied by the amount at bet per line. Coinciding wins on different paylines are added to your total. Scatter wins are multiplied by total bet and added to payline wins. All symbols pay Left to Right, except scattered Bell symbol, which pay anywhere in view. 3 or more scattered Bell symbols appearing anywhere on the reels triggers the Melon Madness feature game. Pick any one of the Bell symbols to reveal the number of free spins and the multiplier awarded. Free spins cannot trigger more free spins. Melon Madness Logo substitutes for all other symbols except the scattered Bell symbol. Melon Madness Logo appears only on reels 1, 2, 3, and 4. The game and game rules are identical both in real-money and play-money mode. Free Spins feature gameplay: The Melon Madness feature game is triggered when 3 or more scattered Bell symbols appear anywhere in view. When the player clicks on one of the scattered Bell symbols, it will reveal the total number of free spins awarded and the multiplier value. The number of free spins and multiplier awarded are random. A maximum of 25 free spins and a maximum of 10 multiplier is awarded. A minimum of 5 free spins and a minimum of 2 multiplier is awarded. All prizes during free spins are multiplied by the revealed multiplier. The Free Spins feature cannot be re-triggered. Free spins are played at the same number of lines and bet per line of the triggering game. Jackpot game: The Big One jackpot can be triggered anytime, either during normal spin, auto spin or after the Feature game. The main screen then changes to jackpot screen after the user has won jackpot game in which all the jackpots and their values are listed. There are 5 different jackpots, each of which has a unique color. All five colors are shown on the wheel. The orange color represents the Blitz Cash Jackpot The red color represents the Quick Cash Jackpot. The blue color represents the Super Cash Jackpot. The green color represents Mega Cash Jackpot. The lavender color represents Colossal Cash Jackpot. The SPIN button is shown on the middle area. By clicking on the SPIN button, the wheel rotates and stops on a particular color and the respective jackpot is awarded. When a particular jackpot is cracked, a pop-up is shown on the jackpot screen which displays the type of jackpot and the amount awarded. By clicking on 'OK' in the pop-up, it navigates to main game screen. If multiple jackpots are cracked at the same time, by clicking on 'OK' in the pop-up, the 'SPIN' button on the jackpot screen is enabled to continue further game play. You can see the current values of all five jackpots in the jackpot ticker area in the main game screen. The more you wager, the higher your chances of cracking the jackpot will be. In case of network disconnection during jackpot round, win amount will be automatically credited to the account. Only real money game play will contribute towards jackpot. Return to the player: The theoretical return to player of this game is 92.89%. FAQ’s: 1. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game logs' button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected in the middle of the feature round, you will be prompted to complete it after logging back in. After completing the feature round, you can continue game play, or you can select another game of your choice. 2. What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Click on ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit. 3. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. 4. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team. Last modification date: 4/8/2022