Majestic Lions Game Objective: Majestic Lions is a 3 reels 1 fixed payline slot game with Majestic Lions jackpot. The game has 6 symbols and payouts are made according to the paytable. Game can be played with 1, 2 and 3 coins. In 3-coin game winning 3 of a kind sphinx awards the Majestic Lions jackpot. How to play: Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet is set. You can change the Number of Coins and Bet per line by clicking the + or - buttons available on either side of the BET meter. LINES: One payline is selected by default. The Line is fixed and the line count cannot be changed. The Total bet is no. of coins multiplied by selected Bet per line and is shown near BET in the lower left of the screen. MAX BET: Click on ‘MAX BET’ to select the maximum possible bet. If your balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled. Paytable: The Paytable can be viewed by clicking on the ‘ i ’ button located in a panel above the bet panel. Spin: The SPIN button in the lower middle starts the game. Volume: The volume icon will play the game music. Click on the Volume icon to mute the volume. AUTOSPIN: You can use this feature to choose all or any of the various options for 'hands-free' gameplay. The available options under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will spin for the number of rotations selected from the slider menu. You can choose a maximum of 1000 spins and play until your balance is more than the total bet placed. Spin till Win equals or exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the win amount equals or exceeds the amount entered. The auto spin game is terminated whenever The Majestic Lions Jackpot is triggered between auto spins. To make use of the Auto spin feature, click on the 'AUTOSPIN' button in the bottom of the game screen. When the Auto spin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Select from the drop-down menu where applicable. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Similarly, click on Stop Auto spin button to stop the AUTO SPIN feature and return to the game screen. When playing with multiple options and conditions selected, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be disabled. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again or opt for new option(s) and proceed with the game. 'AUTO SPIN' option will be disabled in the demo mode. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount you wagered on the previous spin. Just click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. ­To change your bet, increase or decrease the Bet shown on the game screen. Credits: After you have placed the desired bet, your remaining game balance is shown under ‘BALANCE’. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the ‘BALANCE’ meter and the 'BET' meter. Your game balance is shown at the bottom of the game screen. Game Settings: Volume: Player can set the volume of the sound effects by sliding through the Volume button. Sound effects: Toggle between On / Off to enable or disable the game win animation sounds. Quick spin: By checking this option, game play is faster than the regular spin. Spacebar to spin: By checking this option, Spacebar key can be used to trigger a spin. Paytable: Payouts will happen for : 3 of a kind BLANK, Single BAR, Double BAR, Triple BAR, LION and SPHINX symbol across the payline. Any BAR (A combination of 3 Single BAR, Double BAR or Triple BAR across the payline). Any LION or SPHINX (A combination of 3 LION and SPHINX across the payline). Symbols 1 Coin 2 Coins 3 Coins BLANK 2 2 2 Any BAR 10 10 10 Single BAR 20 20 20 Double BAR 40 40 40 Triple BAR 60 60 60 Any LION or SPHINX 0 100 200 LION 0 150 300 SPHINX 0 500 Progressive GAME RULES: Game is played with 1 fixed payline. When you enter the game, a default total bet is set. All payouts are made according to paytable. Payouts displayed on the game screen in Mobile are for currently selected Coin Value and will change according to the coin value selected. The total BET is Number of coins multiplied by the selected BET/LINE. SPIN begins the game with currently selected Coins and BET/LINE. Coin Value can be changed by using ‘-‘ and ‘+’ buttons. Payline win is multiplied by the Bet/Line amount. Only the highest win on each possible win combination will be paid. All symbols pay from left to right, starting from the left-most reel. All pays are shown in USD currency. The Theoretical return to player of this game is 87.17% when player's coin selection is 1. The Theoretical return to player of this game is 91.42% when player's coin selection is 2. The Theoretical return to player of this game excluding jackpot is 87.51% when player's coin selection is 3. The Theoretical return to player of this game including jackpot is 95.01% when player's coin selection is 3. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Jackpot Rules: Only 3-coin games contribute towards the jackpot. In the 3-coin game, winning 3 of a kind Sphinx awards Majestic Lions Jackpot. The Majestic Lions Jackpot can be triggered anytime, either during normal spin or auto spin. The current value of the jackpot is shown at the top of the game screen. You will be informed of any jackpot wins by a pop-up message, and the win amount will be credited to your account immediately. Majestic Lions Jackpot have two pools, current instance pool and reserve pool. Majestic Lions Jackpot starts with initial seed amount. Initial Jackpot seed is funded by “The House”, and the subsequent instances are funded from reserve pool, the amount accumulated in reserve pool becomes the next seed. This jackpot is specific to this game and not shared with any other games. Multiple players cannot trigger the current jackpot amount. In-case of network disconnections during the Jackpot feature, jackpot win will be credited to player account balance automatically. The jackpot is triggered randomly. Only real money play will contribute to the jackpot amount. Jackpot contributions and triggering will not be applicable for games played on "play for fun/demo" mode. During game play a % of the total bet (mentioned below) is contributed towards both the pools. The maximum jackpot win a player can get from this jackpot is USD 2,500,000 . Jackpot Name Initial Seed (USD) Instance Contribution % Reserve Contribution % Majestic Lions jackpot $ 1,000.00 0.67% 6.83% Browser Button Panel Commands: Click on Rules to view the detailed rules of the game as web page. Click on History to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on Real Money/Demo to switch between real-money or demo mode. Click on the Deposit button to deposit money into your account. The History functionality is applicable only for the real-money game play. FAQ’s: 1. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'History' button once you have logged back in. 2. What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Click on ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit. 3. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team.