Melon Madness Megaways TM Game Objective: Melon Madness Megaways™ is a 6 reel, no payline and “All Ways Slot” with cascading wins. Symbols pay from left to right in consecutive combinations (Ways). When four or more scattered Bell symbols appear anywhere in view, feature is triggered with random no. of free spins and multiplier. The free spins feature can be re-triggered within free spins. The wild symbol substitutes for all other symbols, except for scattered Bell symbol. How to play: Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet is set. You can change the bet value by clicking the + or - buttons either side of the BET meter. MAX BET: Click on ‘MAX BET’ to select the maximum possible bet. If your balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled. Paytable: The Paytable can be viewed by clicking on the ‘ i ’ button located in a panel beside the bet panel. You can go back to the game by clicking on the back on the Paytable screen. Spin: The SPIN button in the middle starts the game. Volume: The volume icon will play the game music. Click on the Volume icon to mute the volume. CREDITS: Your remaining game balance after you have placed the desired bet is shown in ‘BALANCE’ meter i.e. the current game balance minus the total bet placed. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount you wagered on the previous spin. Just click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. To change your bet, increase or decrease the Bet shown on the game screen. Credits: After you have placed the desired bet, your remaining game balance is shown under ‘BALANCE’. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the ‘BALANCE’ meter and the 'BET' meter. Your game balance is shown at the bottom of the game screen. Game Settings: To make use of Game Settings, click on the ‘settings button’ at the bottom of the game screen in between Paytable and Sound icons. Volume: Players can set the volume of the sound effects and ambience by sliding using the volume button. Sound effects: Toggle between On / Off to enable or disable the game win animation sounds. Ambience sound: Toggle between On / Off to enable or disable the game background sound. Space bar to spin: By checking this option, the space bar can be used to trigger a spin. This option stays disabled if the intro video is not available for a game. The reel structure numbering for winning combinations in main game and free spin game is as below: Main game: 6 13 20 27 0 1 2 3 4 5 7 8 9 10 11 12 14 15 16 17 18 19 21 22 23 24 25 26 28 29 30 31 32 33 35 36 37 38 39 40 42 43 44 45 46 47 Free spin game: 6 13 20 27 0 1 2 3 4 5 7 8 9 10 11 12 14 15 16 17 18 19 21 22 23 24 25 26 28 29 30 31 32 33 35 36 37 38 39 40 42 43 44 45 46 47 If two of the same symbols appear on reel 1 and 2, followed by three of that symbol appears on reel 3 in different rows, the way win does not pay for 5 of that symbol combination together. Instead, it will pay for 3 separate way wins using those 3 of the same symbols appearing on reel 3. e.g. If symbol nine lands on reel 1 and 2, and 3 x nine symbols land on reel 3, there will be three different way wins for the symbol nine. Each way would be a win with three consecutive occurrences of the symbol nine. The reel positions for the symbol nine way wins will be as below: 0, 1, 2 0, 1, 9 0, 1, 16 Way wins are multiplied by total bet amount. The Scattered Bell symbols do not have any payout. Game Rules: “Megaways TM ” under licence from Big Time Gaming. Melon Madness Megaways™ is a six reel, “Megaways™” game with cascading wins Each reel will contain symbols from 2 to 7 randomly. The game has a horizontal Top reel above the main reels which contains 4 further symbols. These symbols in the Top reel are included in winning combinations above the corresponding vertical reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. The Top reel also cascades but from right to left as opposed to vertically. SPIN begins the game with currently selected STAKE Bet amount can be changed by using ‘- ‘and ‘+’ buttons marked STAKE All wins shown in the paytable are multiplied by STAKE All possible way wins are added to the total win. During base and freespins, Only the highest winning combination made with at least one non-wild symbol is awarded on each ways. Each spin can have upto 200,704 Megaways TM to Win. All symbols pay left to right, starting from the left-most reel except for the Scattered Bell symbol. Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except for Scattered Bell symbol. Wild and Scattered Bell symbols do not have payout. 4 or more Scattered Bell symbols appear anywhere on the reels awards the free spins feature. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The theoretical return to the player is 91.40%. Jackpot Contribution/RTP is 3.004%. Gameplay history can be accessed by logging into your account on the desktop website and choosing menu “Game logs” inside any game. The maximum win in this game is capped to 250,000 EUR or its equivalent amount in your currency during main game or cascading wins or Free spins. Further Free spins or cascading wins will be forfeited if the highest win is reached during the free spins or cascading wins. Cascading Wins: Any symbol used form a win will explode after the prize has been awarded. New symbols are “cascaded” into the gaps left by the previous winning symbols. The Top reel symbols will be replaced from the right. The main reel symbols are dropped from above. Cascading Feature will stop automatically: If the number cascades to reached to 8 though there is win in 8 th cascade in both Main game and Free Spins. If there are no new winning combinations to form a win. Number of symbols per reel will remain same during cascading wins. All wins accumulated during these cascading wins are credited to player after the cascade feature has completed. Free spins feature: The free spins feature will be triggered when 4 or more Scattered bell symbol appear anywhere on the reel view including the Top reel. Player will enter the free spins round once all the cascading wins are completed. Player will be awarded with random number of free spins(5, 7, 9, 12, 13, 15, 16, 18, 20 and 25) along with a random multiplier(2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 8 and 10) when 4 or more Scatter(Bell) symbols appear on the reel view. All way wins during free spins are multiplied by the original stake . During free spins if 4 or more scattered (Bell) symbols appear anywhere on the reels retriggers the original number of free spins and multiplier. JACKPOT RULES : The Big One jackpot can be triggered anytime, either during normal spin or after the feature game. The main screen then changes to jackpot screen after the user has won jackpot game in which all the jackpots and their values are listed on the right-side area and a wheel is displayed on the left side area. There are 5 different jackpots, each of which has a unique color. All five colors are shown on the wheel: The orange color represents the Blitz Cash Jackpot. The red color represents the Quick Cash Jackpot. The blue color represents the Super Cash Jackpot. The green color represents the Mega Cash Jackpot. The lavender color represents the Colossal Cash Jackpot. The spin button is shown in the middle of the bottom area. By clicking on the SPIN button, the wheel rotates and stops on a color and the respective jackpot is awarded. You can see the current values of all five jackpots on the main game screen. Big One Jackpots have two pools for each jackpot tier, current instance pool and reserve pool. During game play a % of the total bet (mentioned below) is contributed towards both the pools. Jackpot Name Initial Seed (CAD) Instance Contribution % Reserve Contribution % The Big One Colossal Cash C$640,000.00 0.564% 1.6% The Big One Mega Cash C$20,000.00 0.1% 0.125% The Big One Super Cash C$1,500.00 0.08% 0.015% The Big One Quick Cash C$400.00 0.1% 0.1% The Big One Blitz Cash C$80.00 0.12% 0.2% Each jackpot starts with initial seed amount. Initial Jackpot seed is funded by “The House”, and the subsequent instances are funded from reserve pool, the amount accumulated in reserve pool becomes the next seed. Big One jackpots are played across multiple games and all games have equal probability of winning the jackpot. A jackpot instance can only be won by one player, and this applies for all Jackpot tiers. In-case of network disconnections during the Jackpot wheel feature, jackpot win will be credited to player account balance automatically. The jackpot is triggered randomly. The number of spins awarded in jackpot screen equals the number of jackpots awarded. Only real money play will contribute to the jackpot amount. Jackpot contributions and triggering will not be applicable for games played on "play for fun/demo" mode The maximum jackpot amount a player can get from each of the above jackpot is 5,000,000 CAD. Jackpot Contribution/RTP is 3.004%. Browser Button Panel Commands: Click on Game Rules to view the detailed rules of the game as web page. Click on Game Logs to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on Real/Play to switch between real-money or play-money mode. Click on the Deposit button to deposit money into your account. The Game Logs functionality is applicable only for the real-money game play. FAQ’s: 1. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the cascading game, you will be prompted to complete the game. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'History' button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected in the middle of the feature round, you will be prompted to complete it after logging back in. After completing the feature, you can continue game play, or you can select another game of your choice. 2. What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Click on ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit. 3. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Service team.