Oracle of Dead Game Objective: Oracle of Dead is a five reel 10 fixed payline progressive jackpot slot game with free spins and Gamble feature. When 3 or more scattered Book symbols appear anywhere in reel view, the feature screen is displayed where the Oracle character will animate to choose one symbol for the expansion and always 8 free spins will be awarded along with a special expanding symbol for free spins. Free spins can be re-triggered. Player has a chance to double his wins through the Gamble feature. Paytable Paylines Game Information: Game is played with 10 fixed paylines. SPIN can be triggered by clicking on the spin button with the current selected BET. The ticker messages will appear below the reel set of game screen. Payouts are displayed on the PAYTABLE. Whenever there is a win, the total BALANCE will update, and the amount won in the spin is shown in the WIN meter at the bottom of the game. The game and game rules are identical in both the real-money and play-money modes How to play: Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet per payline is set for all 10 lines on the slot machine. You can increase the bet per line by clicking the button to the right of 'Bet per line', or you can decrease the bet by clicking the button to the left. Bet and lines will not get adjusted to the next possible bet, if your balance drops below total bet placed, then click on button shown at the bottom of the game screen. LINES: Game is played with 10 fixed paylines. The number of lines are multiplied by the 'bet per line'. The total bet amount is displayed beside the 'BET' label, which can be found at the bottom of the game screen. MAX BET: Click on MAX BET to select the maximum possible bet. If your balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled. Paytable: The Paytable can be viewed either by clicking the button located in bottom of the game. Spin: Click on SPIN button to start spinning the reels. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the fixed lines and any scatter wins will be paid according to the Paytable. Result: Wins are indicated by colorized paylines animated symbols, and in case of a scatter win, by animated symbols, with the total win amount being shown at the bottom of the screen beside 'WIN'. Volume: icon will play the game music. Click on icon will mute the volume . CREDITS: Your remaining game balance, after you have placed the desired bet, is shown in ‘BALANCE’ meter i.e. the current game balance minus the total bet placed. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount you wagered on the previous spin. Just click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. ­To change your bet, increase or decrease the Bet shown on the game screen. Credits: After you have placed the desired bet, your remaining game balance is shown under ‘BALANCE’. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the ‘BALANCE’ meter and the 'BET' meter. Your game balance is shown at the bottom of the game screen. Game Settings: Volume: Player can set the volume of the sound effects and ambience by sliding through the Volume button. Sound effects: Toggle between On / Off to enable or disable the game win animation sounds. Ambience sound: Toggle between On / Off to enable or disable the game background sound. Spacebar to spin: By checking this option, Spacebar key can be used to trigger a spin. This option stays disabled, if intro video is not available for a game. Game Rules: Players can play the game with 10 fixed paylines. Payouts are made according to the Paytable. Pressing SPIN starts the game with the selected BET (Stake) and 10 fixed LINES. Payline wins are multiplied by the amount bet per line. The highest win amount is paid on each selected payline. Coinciding wins on different lines are all added to the total win. Scatter wins are multiplied by the amount total bet and added to payline wins. Book symbol acts as wild and scatter symbol. All symbols pay from left to right starting from leftmost reel, except Scattered Book symbols which pay anywhere in view. The scattered Book symbol substitutes for all symbols and only highest win amount will be paid. The Gamble feature will be offered for all applicable wins in main game only. Gamble option will not be available during feature game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The theoretical return to player of this game excluding jackpot is 93.48 %. Jackpot Contribution/RTP is 3.004%. The maximum win in this game is capped to 250,000 EUR or its equivalent amount in your currency during main game or bonus game. Further Free spins or line wins will be forfeited if the highest win is reached during the bonus game. Feature Game: 3 or more scattered Book symbols appearing anywhere on the reels trigger the feature game. Any random symbol can also be turned into 3 rd Book symbol (scatter) if two scattered Book symbols are placed in the reelset. Free spins are played at the same bet per line of the triggering game. The player is always awarded with 8 freespins and the game will move to the special symbol selection screen where ORACLE selects one symbol which acts as special expanding symbol in the feature. During free spins, 3 or more scatter Book symbols retrigger the original number of free spins with same special expanding symbol. Only special expanding symbol payout is paid once the symbol in reel set are replaces by special expanding symbol . The special expanding symbol cannot be substituted by a Wild (Book) symbol during free spins after expansion. During the feature game, the ORACLE looks into the future to see winning combinations with a blue mist. During the free spins, the blue mist moves from left to right and the reel predicts the winning positions of the next free spin and present reel set will be shown in negative symbols, predicted symbols will be in positive. Special Expanding Symbol: One special expanding symbol (excluding Book) is randomly selected at the start of the free spins. During free spins and after paying out for all winning paylines, if the special expanding symbol appears anywhere in reel view, Symbols on those reels are replaced by the special expanding symbol, provided there are enough special expanding symbols for a win as per the Paytable. Special expanding symbols are evaluated and paid irrespective of direction after initially paying all line wins. The special expanding symbol is paid on each paylines. Gamble Feature: Player can enter into gamble feature by clicking on Gamble Button. Gamble feature consists of 3 buttons red, blue and collect buttons. Player can select red or blue cards available in gamble screen or player has option to select red or blue button appearing in the view. If the showcased card color and the player choice match, then the win is doubled. If there is mismatch between player selected card and showcased card the gamble feature will be completed, and gambled amount will be lost. Player can quit the gamble round at any time by selecting “Collect” button in the view. You can gamble up to 4 times in a succession. It is possible to gamble any win up to 500x Stake. Jackpot game: The Big One jackpot can be triggered anytime, either during normal spin or after the feature game. The main screen then changes to jackpot screen after the user has won jackpot game in which all the jackpots and their values are listed on the right-side area and a wheel is displayed on the left side area. There are 5 different jackpots, each of which has a unique color. All five colors are shown on the wheel: The orange color represents the Blitz Cash Jackpot. The red color represents the Quick Cash Jackpot. The blue color represents the Super Cash Jackpot. The green color represents the Mega Cash Jackpot. The lavender color represents the Colossal Cash Jackpot. The spin button is shown in the middle of the bottom area. By clicking on the SPIN button, the wheel rotates and stops on a color and the respective jackpot is awarded. You can see the current values of all five jackpots on the main game screen. Big One Jackpots have two pools for each jackpot tier, current instance pool and reserve pool. During game play a % of the total bet (mentioned below) is contributed towards both the pools. Jackpot Name Initial Seed (CAD) Instance Contribution % Reserve Contribution % The Big One Colossal Cash C$640,000.00 0.564% 1.6% The Big One Mega Cash C$20,000.00 0.1% 0.125% The Big One Super Cash C$1,500.00 0.08% 0.015% The Big One Quick Cash C$400.00 0.1% 0.1% The Big One Blitz Cash C$80.00 0.12% 0.2% Each jackpot starts with initial seed amount. Each jackpot starts with initial seed amount. Initial Jackpot seed is funded by “The House”, and the subsequent instances are funded from reserve pool, the amount accumulated in reserve pool becomes the next seed. Big One jackpots are played across multiple games and all games have equal probability of winning the jackpot. A jackpot instance can only be won by one player, and this applies for all Jackpot tiers. In-case of network disconnections during the Jackpot wheel feature, jackpot win will be credited to player account balance automatically. The jackpot is triggered randomly. The number of spins awarded in jackpot screen equals the number of jackpots awarded. Only real money play will contribute to the jackpot amount. Jackpot contributions and triggering will not be applicable for games played on "play for fun/demo" mode The maximum jackpot amount a player can get from each of the above jackpot is 5,000,000 CAD. Jackpot Contribution/RTP is 3.004%. Browser Panel Commands: Main Game Menu Options Click on Responsible Gaming to navigate to the Responsible gaming page. Click on Game Rules to view game rules of the game. Click on Game logs to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on Deposit button to add funds to your account. Click on Real/Play to switch between real-money or play-money game modes. The Game logs functionality is applicable only for the real-money game play. Return to the player: The theoretical return to player of this game is 93.48 %. Jackpot Contribution/RTP is 3.004% FAQ’s: 1. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game logs' button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected in the middle of the gamble feature, you will be prompted to complete it after logging back in. After completing the gamble feature, you can continue game play, or you can select another game of your choice. 2. What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Click on ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit. 3. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team.