Oktoberfest Madness Game Objective: Oktoberfest Madness is a five-reel 99 paylines, “Drunken Knight Jackpot” slot game. The Girl symbol is a scatter that triggers the free game feature with multipliers. Oktoberfest flag symbol is stacked on each reel and is the wild substitute. You win based on the combination of the various symbols displayed on the selected winning payline(s). The ‘PAYTABLE’ below shows how much you win for each combination. Game Information: Game is played with 99 fixed number of lines. When you enter the game a default total bet is set. The TOTAL BET is 99 multiplied by the bet per line. As the bet is changed the REQUIRED POINTS for winning the “DRUNKEN KNIGHT JACKPOT” change. Higher bets require fewer points to win the jackpot (see DRUNKEN KNIGHT JACKPOT rules for more details). Bet Per Line can be changed by using the and buttons. SPIN can be triggered by clicking on the spin button with the current selected BET. Payouts are displayed on the PAYTABLE. Payline wins are multiplied by the amount ‘bet per line’ and gets added to other payline wins. Highest win amount is paid on each selected payline. Coinciding wins on different bet lines are all added to your total. Scatter (represented by Girl symbol) wins are multiplied by total bet and added to payline wins. All symbols pay from left to right, except the scatter symbol which pays anywhere in view. All winning symbols will be animated in addition to jackpot location animation and background animations. The Ticker messages will appear on bottom of game screen. Whenever there is a win, the total BALANCE will update, and the amount won in the spin is shown in the WIN bar at the bottom of the game. The game and game rules are identical in both the real-money and play-money modes, except that play-money game do not contribute to the jackpot amount and autospin option will not be available in play-money mode. How to play: SPIN: Tap on SPIN to start spinning the reels. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on all the selected number of lines will be paid according to the Paytable. To calculate the line payout amount, multiply the respective symbol prize with the coin value. Remember, only highest win in a line will be paid. To calculate the payout for scattered symbol, multiply the respective scattered symbol prize with the total bet. Result: Any wins are indicated by their paylines highlighted and symbols animating and, in the case of a scatter win, by their symbols animating the individual payline wins are shown at the end of each winning line. Tap on the ‘+’ icon prior to Spin button to view the options like COIN VALUE, MAX BET & AUTOSPIN. Tap on the ‘X’ to come out from the above options. Setting 'BET': When you enter the game, a default bet value is set for all 99 lines. You can choose to increase or decrease the bet value using ‘+’ and ‘-’ buttons available at COIN VALUE. If you don’t have funds in your account, please go to Cashier option and deposit. LINES: Ninety-nine lines are selected by default. Lines are fixed and lines count cannot be changed. COIN VALUE: This is calculated with Total bet / Number of lines selected. MAX BET: To play with MAX BET, tap on button. If your balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled. AUTOSPIN: You can make use of this feature to select various options for 'hands free' game play. To make use of the ‘AUTOSPIN’ feature, tap on the button. When the Autospin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Select from the drop-down menu where applicable. Tap on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Similarly, tap on 'CANCEL' to skip the 'AUTOSPIN' feature and return-to view the options like COIN VALUE, MAX BET & AUTOSPIN. Options available under this feature are: Number of spins: Tap on the ‘Number of spins’ check box to view the drop down. The game will automatically spin for the number of spins selected from the drop-down menu. You can choose any number of games and play until your balance is less than the total bet placed. Spin till win is equal to or exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount selected from the drop down menu. Spin till loss not exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the loss limit is reached. Loss will be calculated with (Loss = Total bets - Total wins) 1.Total bets=accumulated total bets 2.Total wins=accumulated total wins 3. (((Total bets - Total wins) + current game bet) Spin till feature trigger: The game will automatically spin until the next feature is triggered. Autospin game is terminated whenever a Drunken Knight Jackpot feature is triggered in-between the Autospins. When playing with multiple 'AUTOSPIN' options, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be ignored. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again, or choose new option(s), and proceed with the 'AUTOSPIN'. 'AUTOSPIN' option is not available in play money mode (applicable to desktop users only). While AUTOSPIN is in progress, you can interrupt the game by tapping on the 'STOP' button. If spin is in progress, AUTOSPIN will be stopped after completing the current spin, otherwise AUTOSPIN is stopped immediately and normal game is restored. Tap on menu icon to view the option like Lobby, Paytable, Help, Sound & Cashier. Tap on the ‘Lobby’ option to navigate back to lobby screen. Tap on the 'PAYTABLE' option to view Paytable screen. Tap on the ‘Help’ option to view the help screen. Tap on the button on the Paytable or help screen to go back to the game play. Tap on the ‘Sound’ icon to play the game music and vice versa. Tap on the ‘Cashier’ option to navigate to deposit screen. Tap anywhere on the screen to come out from the options. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount you wagered on the previous spin. Just tap on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. To change your bet, increase or decrease the coin value.­ Credits: After you have placed the desired bet, your remaining game balance is shown under ‘BALANCE’. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the ‘BALANCE’ meter and the 'BET' meter. Your game balance is shown at the bottom of the game screen. Game Rules: Select bet per line. Total bet is 99 times bet per line. 99 lines are played. Select SPIN to begin the game. Line wins are multiplied by bet per line. Scatter wins are multiplied by total bet. All wins, except Progressives, are made according to the Paytable. Progressive wins are paid as shown. All symbols pay left to right, starting with the left most reel, except Scatters and Progressives. All pays on lines only, except Scatters and Progressives. Wins on different lines are added. Highest win only on each selected payline. Scatters pay anywhere in view. Line wins, Scatter wins and Progressive wins are added. Oktoberfest Feature: Any 3, 4 or 5 Scatters trigger the OKTOBERFEST FEATURE. Select a Beer to win: Free game multipliers X2, X3, X4 or X5 5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30 or 50 Free Games During the Free Game Feature, bet per line is the same as the game that triggered the Feature. During Free Games, all wins, except Progressives, are multiplied by the Free Game multiplier. During Free Games, 3 or more Scatters retrigger the original number of Free Games. Drunken Knight Jackpot: The Smashed Progressive starts at $9,000.00 and is capped at $12,000.00. The Tipsy Progressive starts at $800.00 and is capped at $1500.00. The Buzzed Progressive starts at $150.00 and is capped at $250.00. For each jackpot, we pay the start value and players contribute increments. The jackpot prize is the start value added to increments. Smashed, Tipsy and Buzzed progressive can only be won at the end of the OKTOBERFEST FEATURE. At most one progressive can be won at the end of the OKTOBERFEST FEATURE. During OKTOBERFEST FEATURE free games, each Beer symbol awards a Drunken Knight point. Smashed, Tipsy and Buzzed progressive are won with Drunken Knight Points as indicated. Drunken Knight Points will be reset to zero at the end of OKTOBERFEST FEATURE free games. Wins are transferred to the BALANCE at the end of OKTOBERFEST FEATURE free games. Return to the player: The theoretical return to player of this game is 95.02%. Game History: Gameplay history can be accessed by logging into your account on the desktop website and choosing menu “Game logs” inside any game. FAQ’s: 1. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You will be able to view the result from game logs by logging to the website If you are disconnected in the middle of the feature round, you will be prompted to complete it after logging back in. After completing the feature round, you can continue game play, or you can select another game of your choice. 2. What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Go to the Cashier option and deposit 3. Malfunctions void all pays and plays 4. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team. Last modification date: 12/31/2021