Oracle of Dead Mobile Oracle of Dead Game Objective: Oracle of Dead is a five reel 10 fixed pay line progressive jackpot slot game with free spins and Gamble feature. When 3 or more scattered Book symbols appear anywhere in reel view, the feature screen is displayed where the Oracle character will animate to choose one symbol for the expansion and always 8 free spins will be awarded along with a special expanding symbol for free spins. Free spins can be re-triggered. Player has a chance to double his wins through the Gamble feature. Game Information: Game is played with 10 fixed pay lines. SPIN can be triggered by clicking on the spin button with the current selected BET. The ticker messages will appear below the reel set of game screen. Payouts are displayed on the PAYTABLE. Whenever there is a win, the total BALANCE will update, and the amount won in the spin is shown in the WIN meter at the bottom of the game. The game and game rules are identical in both the real-money and demo modes, except that auto spin option will not be available in demo mode. How to play: Spin: The SPIN button is at the bottom of the game screen in portrait mode and at the right side of the game screen in landscape mode. Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet is set. You can alter the bet per line by clicking on menu and changing the Bet per Line meter MAX BET: Click on MAX BET button to select the maximum possible bet. If your balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled. AUTO SPIN:You can make use of this feature to select various options for 'hands free' game play. To make use of the ‘AUTO SPIN’ feature, tap on the AutoSpin button. When the Auto spin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Tap on ‘OK’ to activate the selected options and start the spins. The available options under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will spin for the number of rotations selected from the slider menu.You can choose a maximum of 1000 spins and play until your balance is less than the total bet placed. Spin till Win equals or exceeds: The game will spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount entered in the numeric text box. Spin till feature trigger: The game will automatically spin until the feature gets triggered. When playing with multiple options and conditions selected, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be disabled. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again or opt for new option(s) and proceed with the game. Click on the STOP SPIN button to deactivate AUTO SPIN and the normal game will be restored. Tap on Menu Icon to view the option like Pay table, Bet Settings, Auto spin, Settings button, i button and Cashier. Tap on the ‘Lobby’ option to navigate back to lobby screen. Tap on the 'PAYTABLE' option to view Paytable screen. Tap on the button to go back to the game play. Tap on the ‘Sound’ icon to play the game music and vice versa. Tap on the ‘Cashier’ option to navigate to deposit screen. Tap anywhere on the screen to come out from the options. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount you wagered on the previous spin. Just click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. To change your bet, increase or decrease the BET VALUE. Game Rules: Players can play the game with 10 fixed pay lines. Payouts are made according to the Pay table. Pressing SPIN starts the game with the selected BET (Stake) and 10 fixed LINES. Pay line wins are multiplied by the amount bet per line. The highest win amount is paid on each selected pay line. Coinciding wins on different lines are all added to the total win. Scatter wins are multiplied by the amount total bet and added to pay line wins. Book symbol acts as wild and scatter symbol. All symbols pay from left to right starting from leftmost reel, except Scattered Book symbols which pay anywhere in view. The scattered Book symbol substitutes for all symbols and only highest win amount will be paid. The Gamble feature will be offered for all applicable wins in main game only Gamble option will not be available during feature game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The theoretical return to player of this game excluding jackpot is 93.48%. Jackpot Contribution/RTP is 3.0004%. The maximum win in this game is capped to 250,000 EUR or its equivalent amount in your currency during main game or bonus game. Further Free spins or line wins will be forfeited if the highest win is reached during the bonus game. Feature Game: 3 or more scattered Book symbols appearing anywhere on the reels trigger the feature game. Any random symbol can also be turned into 3 rd Book symbol (scatter) if two scattered Book symbols are placed in the reel set . Free spins are played at the same bet per line of the triggering game. The player is always awarded with 8 free spins and the game will move to the special symbol selection screen where ORACLE selects one symbol which acts as special expanding symbol in the feature. During free spins, 3 or more scatter Book symbols retrigger the original number of free spins with same special expanding symbol. Only special expanding symbol payout is paid once the symbol in reel set are replaces by special expanding symbol . The special expanding symbol cannot be substituted by a Wild (Book) symbol during free spins after expansion. During the feature game, the ORACLE looks into the future to see winning combinations with a blue mist. During the free spins, the blue mist moves from left to right and the reel predicts the winning positions of the next free spin and present reel set will be shown in negative symbols, predicted symbols will be in positive. Special Expanding Symbol: One special expanding symbol (excluding Book) is randomly selected at the start of the free spins. During free spins and after paying out for all winning pay lines, if the special expanding symbol appears anywhere in reel view, Symbols on those reels are replaced by the special expanding symbol, provided there are enough special expanding symbols for a win as per the Pay table. Special expanding symbols are evaluated and paid irrespective of direction after initially paying all line wins. The special expanding symbol is paid on each pay lines. Gamble Feature: Player can enter into gamble feature by clicking on Gamble Button. Gamble feature consists of 3 buttons red, blue and collect buttons. Player can select red or blue cards available in gamble screen or player has option to select red or blue button appearing in the view. If the showcased card color and the player choice match, then the win is doubled. If there is mismatch between player selected card and showcased card the gamble feature will be completed, and gambled amount will be lost. Player can quit the gamble round at any time by selecting “Collect” button in the view. You can gamble up to 4 times in a succession. The Gamble feature is not available in Auto play for main game wins as well. It is possible to gamble any win up to 500x Stake. Jackpot game: The Big One jackpot can be triggered anytime, either during normal spin, auto spin or after the feature game. The main screen then changes to jackpot screen after the user has won jackpot game in which all the jackpots and their values are listed on the right side area and a wheel is displayed on the left side area. There are 5 different jackpots, each of which has a unique color. All five colors are shown on the wheel: The orange color represents the Blitz Cash Jackpot. The red color represents the Quick Cash Jackpot. The blue color represents the Super Cash Jackpot. The green color represents the Mega Cash Jackpot. The lavender color represents the Colossal Cash Jackpot. The SPIN button is on the center. By clicking on the SPIN button, the wheel rotates and stops on a particular color and the respective jackpot is awarded. When a particular jackpot is cracked, a pop-up is shown on the jackpot screen which displays the type of jackpot and the amount awarded. By clicking on 'OK' in the pop-up, it navigates to main game screen. If multiple jackpots are cracked at the same time, by clicking on 'OK' in the pop-up, the 'SPIN' button on the jackpot screen is enabled to continue further game play. You can see the current values of all five jackpots in the right side area of the main game screen. The more you wager, the higher your chances of cracking the jackpot will be. The cash will be credited to your account immediately. Return to the player: The theoretical return to player of this game is 93.48 %. Jackpot Contribution/RTP is 3.0004% FAQ’s: 1. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You will be able to view the result from History by logging to the website. If you are disconnected in the middle of the feature round, you will be prompted to complete it after logging back in. After completing the feature round, you can continue game play, or you can select another game of your choice. 2. What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Go to the Cashier option and deposit 3. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team.