Platinum Blackjack Pro PLATINUM BLACKJACK PRO is a variant of standard Blackjack that features the BUSTER BLACKJACK side bet and LUCKY LADIES side bet games. This game allows player to play up to three hands of Blackjack at once, one after the other during game play. The objective is to accumulate cards to get a total of 21 or as close to 21 as possible, without going over 21. The value of a hand is the sum of the point counts of all the cards in the hand. HOW TO PLAY THE GAME: This game can be played with up to three hands. To play, player must place a bet on at least one of player’s hands. Every hand may have a different bet amount. To place a bet, click on a chip in the bottom left of the screen to select player’s chip value. Click on one of the available betting areas (the 3 larger circles) to place the bet. Every click increases player’s bets by the value of the selected chip. Side bets can be placed on the BUSTER BLACKJACK or the LUCKY LADIES betting areas under any of player’s hands to the left or right respectively. In each game round, player can place on the BUSTER BLACKJACK or the LUCKY LADIES bet for each of player’s own hands that has a regular bet placed on it. Player can click CLEAR BETS to remove all bets from the table. Clicking DOUBLE doubles every bet player has placed on the table. Click UNDO to remove the last bet made from the table. Click the DEAL button to deal the cards. 2 cards are dealt to each of the player's hands and to the dealer's hand. The cards are dealt clockwise, one at a time to each hand in turns, with the first card going to the rightmost player hand. The last card goes to the dealer hand and is dealt face down. If player is playing more than one hand, actions are taken for each hand separately, starting from the rightmost hand once the cards have been dealt. If the Dealer's face up card is an Ace, player is offered insurance. Click YES to insure one hand at a time against the dealer having Blackjack or click NO for each hand if player do not want insurance. As soon as YES or NO button is chosen, YES TO ALL and NO TO ALL buttons will not be shown for the remaining hands. To accept or decline insurance for all the hands at a time, click on YES TO ALL or NO TO ALL respectively. This is also applicable for the “EVEN MONEY?” scenario. If player’s first two cards have the same value, player can split player’s hand by clicking SPLIT . Click HIT to request another card or click DOUBLE to double player’s bet and receive a third card. If player do not want any more cards, click STAND . Please note that Insurance, Double and Split require an additional bet. If player’s balance does not have enough money to cover these expenses, player will need to deposit more money to use these options. When player have played player’s final hand the dealer then reveals the dealer’s face down card and may draw additional cards, in accordance with the rules. When the dealer has stopped taking cards each of player’s hand is compared to the dealer's hand. If player’s hand has a higher value than the dealer's and has not exceeded 21, player win with that hand. If any hand value reaches 22 or more, it is bust and automatically loses. If player want to play another round, place bets as described above or click REBET to place the same bets as in the previous round, then click DEAL to deal the cards. Click REBET & DEAL to place the same bets as in the previous round. BET : The total bet amount is shown in the BET meter at the bottom left of the screen. BALANCE: Player’s remaining game balance, after player have placed the desired bet, is shown in BALANCE meter i.e. the current game balance minus the total bet placed. WIN : The total win amount is shown in the WIN meter at the bottom right of the screen. Volume: Volume ON Icon will play the game sounds. Clicking on Volume OFF icon will mute the sounds and vice-versa. BUTTONS: DEAL – Deal the cards CLEAR BETS – Clear the table of all bets. UNDO – Remove player’s last bet. HIT – Request one more card. STAND – Draw no more cards and end player’s turn. DOUBLE – When no cards have been dealt yet i.e. before starting the game play, this button doubles all bets on the table. When cards have been dealt, this button doubles the bet on the selected hand and requests a final card. SPLIT – Split the hand into two if player hold a pair. REBET – Place the same bets as in the previous round. REBET & DEAL – Place the same bets as in the previous round and deal the cards. YES – Click to accept Insurance and protect player’s bet for the current hand in case the dealer has Blackjack. NO – Click to decline Insurance against the Dealer having Blackjack and skip bet protection for the current hand. YES TO ALL – Click to accept Insurance for all hands against the Dealer having Blackjack. NO TO ALL – Click to decline Insurance for all hands against the Dealer having Blackjack. RULES: The objective of Platinum Blackjack Pro is to get a hand that totals 21 or is closer to 21 than the dealer's hand without exceeding 21. The value of a hand is the sum of the individual card values. Blackjack is the highest hand and consists of two cards: An Ace and any 10-point card. Blackjack beats a score of 21. Player can choose 1 to 3 hands to play on in a game round. The chosen hands are played clockwise, starting from player’s rightmost hand. The dealer's hand is played last. Player may split, double, and take insurance, just like in standard Blackjack. When the player wins bet amount plus the payout amount is paid. PLATINUM BLACKJACK PRO is a variant of BLACKJACK with the following rules: 8 decks of cards are used. After each round, used cards are returned to the deck and the deck is shuffled. Aces count as either 1 or 11, face cards count as 10 and number cards count at their face values. The player may not split a Split hand. Only one card is drawn to each Ace in a split hand. A player can place a double down wager on a split pair, except on split aces. Split and Double does not affect any side bets. Ace and a 10-point card after a split are considered 21, and not Blackjack. Blackjack pays 1.5 times the bet amount (3 to 2). If the total value of the player’s cards is closer to 21 than the Dealer's after the dealer has stopped taking cards, the player wins the bet amount (1 to 1). If the total of the player's cards is more than 21, the player's hand is “Bust”, and the player automatically loses the bet for that hand. If the player and the dealer have the same point total (17 to 21), neither of them wins and the player's bet is returned to the player in a “Push”. The Dealer always draws to 16. The Dealer stands when the dealer's hand has a value of 17 or greater (including soft 17). The Dealer will only check for Blackjack, if the Dealer's first card is an ace, king, queen, jack or 10. Blackjack beats a score of 21. SPLIT: If player’s first 2 cards have the same value, then player may split them into 2 separate hands. The second hand will have the same bet as the hand it was split from. Player will then draw additional cards to each hand. Player may draw as many cards as player like on each split hand unless player split 2 aces (in which case player can receive only 1 additional card for each ace). If player receive an ace and a 10-value card in a split hand, it is considered 21 and not Blackjack. DOUBLE: Player can double player’s bet on a hand before player take a third card. Player cannot double the bet on a hand after taking a third card. After doubling a bet, a final card will be dealt to player automatically. Player can double on all player’s hands if player wish. Player can also double player’s bet on a split hand. INSURANCE: If the dealer's first face up card is an Ace, player will be given a chance to insure each of player’s regular bets against the dealer having Blackjack. If player take Insurance, then an amount equal to half player’s original bet will be deducted from player’s balance and placed separately on the table. If the dealer has Blackjack, player is paid 2 to 1 on player’s insurance. This way player does not lose player’s original bet (because player receive the value of player’s original bet plus the insurance amount back). If the dealer does not have Blackjack, player lose the insurance amount. Insurance does not affect any side bets. EVEN MONEY: If the dealer has an Ace, and the player has a BLACKJACK , the player has the option of “EVEN MONEY” . Click on YES for this hand, the player will receive the same amount (1:1) for the Blackjack, without the Dealer’s face-down card even being exposed, thus protecting the player from a possible Dealer’s Blackjack. The player may also click on NO for this hand. If the Dealer does not have a blackjack, the player will be paid at a normal relation of 3:2 for the Blackjack. If the first two cards dealt to the player are an Ace and a 10 -valued card combination, the hand is BLACKJACK and pays 3:2 if it beats the dealer. But if the dealer has BLACKJACK too the result is PUSH . If player have an Ace and a 10-valued card after splitting, the hand value is 21 only and not BLACKJACK . If the 21-valued hand wins, it is paid at odds of 1:1. When the dealer hand is complete the results are displayed on both the Dealer's and the player's cards. YES TO ALL and NO TO ALL buttons will not be shown if any of the hand(s) doesn’t have a BLACKJACK. YES TO ALL and NO TO ALL buttons will be shown if all player hand(s) has BLACKJACK and Dealer has an Ace. PAYTABLE: When the player wins, bet amount plus the payout amount is paid. PAYTABLE Winnings Pays Winning Hand 1:1 Insurance 2:1 Blackjack 3:2 Push Bet Returned EVEN MONEY Accept 1:1 Decline 3:2 The payout format used here means that when player win, player get back player’s bet plus an amount that is a multiple of player’s bet. Example: If a bet of 1 is placed on any hand, and player win a Blackjack, then 1 (bet) + 1.5 (win) = 2.5-win amount is credited to player’s balance for that hand. SIDE BETS: A side bet is a wager player can make beyond the regular game bet to get an extra win even if player’s regular game hand does not win. The side bet payout depends on the combination that the cards form. All types of side bets can be placed at the same time. BUSTER BLACKJACK: Player can place the BUSTER BLACKJACK side bet on the 'BUSTER BET' betting area near each regular bet area as many times per game round as player have placed a regular bet on. This side bet allows the player to bet that the dealer will bust. The more cards in the dealer’s busted hand, the higher the payoff is. The side bet cannot be placed without placing a regular bet. Dealers cards will be revealed to the player in any case when player places Buster Side Bet. With Player having Blackjack: To win this payout dealer needs to bust (7/8+) and the player must have a Blackjack Number of Cards in Dealer’s Busted Hand Pays 8 or more CARDS with Player blackjack 2000:1 7 CARDS with Player blackjack 800:1 To win this payout dealer needs to bust and player need not to have blackjack. Number of Cards in Dealer’s Busted Hand Pays 8 or more CARDS 250:1 7 CARDS 50:1 6 CARDS 18:1 5 CARDS 4:1 3 or 4 CARDS 2:1 LUCKY LADIES: Player can place a LUCKY LADIES side bet on the ‘ LUCKY LADIES BET’ betting area near each regular bet area as many times per game round as player have placed a regular bet on. This side bet wins based on players cards. Q-HEARTS PAIR : If the players first two cards have “Hearts of Q & Hearts of Q” is considered as Q-Hearts Pair. Side bets cannot be placed without placing a regular bet. In case of coinciding wins, only the highest payout will be paid. LUCKY LADIES PAYTABLE: Winnings Pays Q-HEARTS PAIR 100:1 MATCHED TWENTY 25:1 SUITED TWENTY 10:1 ANY TWENTY 3:1 ONE QUEEN OF HEARTS 2:1 ONE QUEEN OF NON-HEARTS 1:1 The payout format used here means that the player wins the multiple shown plus his original stake wagered. Sound Effects: Player will be able to hear a voice over sounds for the following: Double voice over will be heard on clicking “Double” button. Insurance voice over will be heard when the insurance is offered. You Win voice over will be heard on winning any normal hand. Bust voice over will be heard when Dealer or Player hand is a Bust. Blackjack voice over will be heard when Dealer or Player has a Blackjack. Cards Total Count voice over will be heard for each hand when cards are dealt and on completion. Push voice over will be heard when Push is awarded BET LIMITS: Player can choose one among the 3 stake levels (Low Stake, Medium Stake and High Stake levels). The minimum and maximum bet value depends on the stake level selected by the player. The default stake level is Medium Stake level. BROWSER PANEL COMMANDS: Click on Rules to view game rules of the game. Click on History to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on Deposit button to add funds to your account. Click on Real Money/Demo to switch between real-money or play-money game modes. The History functionality is applicable only for the real-money game play. RETURN TO THE PLAYER: The theoretical return to player for the main BLACKJACK game is 99.55%. The theoretical return to player for the BUSTER BLACKJACK side bet is 93.87%. The theoretical return to player for the LUCKY LADIES side bet is 94.81%. FAQ’s: 1. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected from the Platinum Blackjack Pro game just after all the inputs are given and there is no input required to continue the game, then the game is treated as complete and on re-login you can check the game details in History. If you are disconnected while the game is waiting for player input such as after the deal, you will be prompted to complete the game after logging back in. After completing the incomplete game, you can resume playing the game, or you can select another game of your choice. 2. What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Click on ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit. 3. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. 4. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team.