Pizzeria CaZino Main Game screen Game Objective: Pizzeria CaZino is a five-reel 99 paylines, Pizza Jackpotten slot game. You win based on the combination of the various symbols displayed on the selected winning payline(s). The ‘PAYTABLE’ below shows how much you win for each combination. Game Information: Game is played with 99 fixed number of lines. Bet Per Line can be changed by using the ‘+’ and ‘-‘ buttons. SPIN can be triggered by clicking on the spin button with the current selected BET. Payouts are displayed on the PAYTABLE. Payline wins are multiplied by the amount ‘bet per line’ and gets added to other payline wins. Highest win amount is paid on each selected payline. Coinciding wins on different bet lines are all added to your total. Scatter (represented by Scooter symbol) wins are multiplied by total bet and added to payline wins. All symbols pay from left to right, except the scatter symbol which pays anywhere in view. On the winning line, the winning symbols will slightly animate with bounce in animation and the win line will be colored and remaining will be grayed out. The Ticker messages will appear on bottom of game screen. Whenever there is a win, the total BALANCE will increase, and the amount won in the spin is shown in the WIN bar at the bottom of the game. The game and game rules are identical in both the real-money and play-money modes, except that play-money game do not contribute to the jackpot amount and Autospin option will not be available in play-money mode. How to play: Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet per payline is set for all 99 lines on the slot machine. You can increase the bet per line by clicking the button to the right of 'Bet per line', or you can decrease the bet by clicking the button to the left. Bet and lines will not get adjusted to the next possible bet, if your balance drops below total bet placed, then click on button shown at the bottom of the game screen. LINES: Ninety-nine lines are selected by default. Lines are fixed and lines count cannot be changed. MAX BET: To play with MAX BET, click on . If your balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled. The number of lines are multiplied by the 'bet per line'. The total bet amount is displayed beside the 'BET' label, which can be found at the bottom of the game screen. Paytable: The Paytable can be viewed either by clicking the button located in bottom of the game screen beside ‘BET’ label or by clicking button located at the bottom of the screen beside the Lines text. The prizes displayed in the Paytable are per unit bet, and are shown as multipliers. To get the effective payout per line, multiply the respective prize with the bet per line. You can go back to the game by clicking on the button on the Paytable screen. Spin: Click on SPIN icon to start spinning the reels. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines and any scatter wins will be paid according to the Paytable. Result: Wins are indicated by colorized paylines animated symbols, and in case of a scatter win, by animated symbols, with the total win amount being shown at the bottom of the screen beside 'WIN'. Volume: icon will play the game music. Click on icon will mute the volume . CREDITS: Your remaining game balance, after you have placed the desired bet, is shown in ‘BALANCE’ meter i.e. the current game balance minus the total bet placed. 'AUTOSPIN': You can use this feature to choose all or any of the various options for 'hands free' game play. The available options under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will spin for the number of rotations selected from the drop-down menu. You can choose any number of games and play until your balance is more than the total bet placed. Spin till Win equals or exceeds: The game will spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount selected from the drop down menu. Spin till Loss not exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the loss limit is reached. Loss will be calculated with (Loss = Total bets - Total wins) Total bets=accumulated total bets Total wins=accumulated total wins (((Total bets- Total wins) + current game bet) <= Loss limit target) then next auto spin will be allowed. Spin till feature trigger: The game will spin until the next feature is triggered. Autospin game is terminated whenever a Pizza Jackpotten feature is triggered in-between the Autospins. To make use of the Autospin feature, click on the 'AUTOSPIN' button in the bottom right of the game screen. When the Autospin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Select from the drop-down menu where applicable and click ‘Ok’ button. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Similarly, click on ‘X’ button to skip the AUTOSPIN' feature and return to the game screen. When playing with multiple options and conditions selected, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be disabled. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again or opt for new option(s) and proceed with the game. 'AUTOSPIN' option is not available in the play-money mode. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount you wagered on the previous spin. Just click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. ­To change your bet, increase or decrease the Bet shown on the game screen. Credits: After you have placed the desired bet, your remaining game balance is shown under ‘BALANCE’. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the ‘BALANCE’ meter and the 'BET' meter. Your game balance is shown at the bottom of the game screen. Browser Panel Commands: Click on ‘ Responsible Gaming ’ to navigate to the Responsible gaming page. Click on 'Game Rules ' to view the current version number & game rules of the game. Click on 'Game logs ' to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on ' Deposit ' button to add funds to your account. Click on ‘ Real/Play ’ to switch between real-money or play-money game modes. The “ Game logs ” functionality is applicable only for the real-money game play. Game Rules : Select bet per line. Total bet is 99 times bet per line. 99 lines are played. Select SPIN to begin the game. Line wins are multiplied by bet per line. Scatter wins are multiplied by total bet. All wins, except Progressives, are made according to the Paytable. Progressive wins are paid as shown. All symbols pay left to right starting with the left most reel except Scatters and Progressives. All pays on lines only, except Scatters and Progressives. Wins on different lines are added. Highest win only on each selected payline. Scatters pay anywhere. Line wins, Scatter wins and Progressive wins are added. Features: Pizza symbol selection: You can select your customized pizza during selection screen. Your preference will be saved and loaded automatically in your next session until the browser cache is cleared. Click on Pizza icon at the top of the screen to change your Pizza symbol. Pizza Feature: Any 3, 4 or 5 Scatters trigger the PIZZA FEATURE. Select a pizza to win: Free game multipliers X2, X3, X4 or X5 5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30 or 50 Free Games During the Free Game Feature, bet per line is the same as the game that triggered the Feature. During Free Games all wins, except Progressives, are multiplied by the Free Game multiplier. During Free Games, 3 or more Scatters retrigger the original number of Free Games. The X-LARGE progressive starts at $9,000.00 and is capped at $12,000.00. The LARGE progressive starts at $800.00 and is capped at $1,500.00. The MEDIUM progressive starts at $150.00 and is capped at $250.00. When a progressive is capped, further contributions are added to its next start prize. For each jackpot, we pay the start value and players contribute increments. The jackpot prize is the start value added to increments. Medium, Large, X-LARGE progressive can only be won at the end of the PIZZA feature. During PIZZA Feature free games, each Pizza symbol awards a Pizza point. Medium, Large, X-LARGE progressives are won with Pizza Points as indicated. Depending on the Currency Conversion rate applied to the Game play currency, Pizza Points shown in the game may change. Pizza points will be reset to zero at the end of PIZZA FEATURE free games. Wins are transferred to the BALANCE at the end of PIZZA FEATURE free games. Return to the player: The theoretical return to player of this game without the jackpot is 91.01 %. The theoretical return to player of the PizzaJackpotten is 4.0 %. FAQ’s: 1. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game logs' button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected in the middle of the feature round, you will be prompted to complete it after logging back in. After completing the feature round, you can continue game play, or you can select another game of your choice. 2. What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Click on ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit. 3. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. 4. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team. Last modification date: 08/02/2018 The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/4/2020