POT O’ FORTUNE GOLDEN TAP Game Objective: The object of the game is to break open the Pot O’ Fortune Golden Tap, revealing the riches inside. Each bet in the game acts as an attempt to break open the pot. Each bet is independent. Each time the player presses play button will either break open the pot and award a prize and/or award Free games Feature or show a crack, but give the player no prize.If the Pot O’ Fortune Golden Tap fails to break open during the game round, the next game round can then be initiated. However, the cracks shown on the Pot from the previous game round will remain. A winning game occurs when the Pot breaks completely during the game. In which case, between 3 and 19 prizes can be awarded for Total win. How to play: Setting 'BETS': When player enter the game, a default bet is set. Player can change the bet value by clicking the + or - buttons either side of the BET icon in desktop and mobile. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount wagered on the previous spin. Just click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. Spin: The SPIN button in the right middle starts the game in desktop. The SPIN button is at the bottom of the game screen in portrait mode and at the right side of the game screen in landscape mode in mobile. Volume: The volume icon will play the game music. Click on the volume icon to mute the volume. Credits: After placing the desired bet remaining game balance is shown under ‘BALANCE’. Player current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the ‘BALANCE’ meter and the 'BET' meter. Game balance is shown at the bottom of the game screen. 'AUTO SPIN': Select the AUTOSPIN option for hands-free play. For UK/Ontario users auto spin option will not be applicable. To configure Auto Spins, click on Auto spin button to open the window then select number of spins you’d like to play, auto begins the spins. Click on the auto spin button to stop the AUTO SPIN feature. In play-money mode, the ‘AUTO SPIN’ option will be disabled. Game Settings: Sound effects: Toggle between On / Off to enable or disable the game win animation sounds. Mobile Options: Tap the Hamburger Menu Icon to view options such as the Game Rules Tap the ‘i’ icon to view game rules Tap close icon to go back to the game play . GAME RULES: If the Pot O' Fortune Golden Tap breaks open, then between 3 and 19 prizes are awarded. The number of prizes given is random, with 3 given out at a minimum and 19 at the maximum. There is a chance that a Multiplier will be awarded. On any winning round where 10 or fewer prizes are awarded, the Multiplier Feature may become activated. If activated, a random Multiplier Upgrade is applied to all awards in view on screen. The value of the Multiplier Upgrade is randomly selected between x2 - x7. The Multiplier Upgrade then multiplies all the awards in view by the corresponding amount before the winning awards are selected (£, $, €, C$, Fr).For all other markets the Awards in view are shown as a multiple of current game BET for all other markets and will be Upgraded by any Multiplier Upgrade in the same way. This Multiplier Upgrade only lasts for this single winning round. Any Multiplier Upgrade activated in the base game will not be applied to Free games. If player lights all 3x Bonus symbols on screen 10 Free games are awarded. The cracks appearing on the Pot after each bet are purely cosmetic and do not reflect your chances of winning. Malfunction voids all pays and plays The maximum win in this game is capped to 250,000 EUR or its equivalent amount in your currency during Main Game or Free Games. Further Free Games will be forfeited if the highest win is capped. The theoretical return to player of this game is 95.04%. Logging into your account on the desktop website and selecting the option 'Game logs' in side any game will allow you to access your game play history. Each Horseshoe will have a multiplier among '0.2x, 0.4x, 0.6x, 0.8x, 1x, 1.5x, 2x, 2.5x, 5x, 10x, 15x, 25x, 50x, 100x, 250x, 500x' which will be multiplied by total bet. Multiple wins on single game are added. Free Games: If player lights all 3x Bonus symbols on screen in the base game 10 Free games are awarded. Each Free game plays out automatically without the need to press the spin button. The number of Free games available is displayed on the spin button until Free Games round ends. 10 additional Free games are awarded if 3 Bonus symbols are activated during Free Games. The Multiplier Feature is always active for all wins in Free Games Free games end when all Free games have been played. Free spins are played with the same bet as the triggering spin. Browser Button Panel Commands: Click on Game Rules to view the detailed rules of the game as web page. Click on Game Logs to view the logs of the game’s player have played. Click on Real/Play to switch between real-money or play-money mode. Click on the Deposit button to deposit money into player account. The Game Logs functionality is applicable only for the real-money game play. Return to the player: The theoretical return to player of this game is 95.04%. FAQ’s: I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the game, game will resume from the point of disconnection otherwise You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game logs' button once you have logged back in 2.What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Click on ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit. 3. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Service team.