Pharaoh's Frenzy GOLDEN CRUSH GAME OBJECTIVE: The objective of the game is to crush the prize jars to reveal prizes. If a prize jar does not break open during a game round, it will remain visibly damaged and the next game round can be initiated to further break the prize jar. The damage is purely cosmetic and has no relationship with chances of winning in the next round. A winning round occurs when a prize jar breaks open to reveal a winning prize. How to play: Setting 'BETS': When player enter the game, a default bet is set. Player can change the bet value by clicking the + or - buttons either side of the BET icon in desktop and mobile. On clicking the Bet icon, Bet selection window will pop out, player can select the desired bet in between Min and Max bets. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount wagered on the previous spin. Just click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. Spin: The SPIN button in the right middle starts the game in desktop (Space bar can be used to trigger a spin). The SPIN button is at the bottom of the game screen in portrait mode and at the right side of the game screen in landscape mode in mobile. Volume: The volume icon will play the game sound. Click on the volume icon to mute the volume. Credits: Your remaining game balance after you have placed the desired bet is shown in ‘BALANCE’ meter i.e. the current game balance minus the total bet placed. Game balance is shown at the bottom of the game screen. 'AUTOPLAY': Select the AUTOPLAY for hands-free play. To make use of the AUTOPLAY feature, click on the Autoplay button in the bottom right of the game screen beside volume button. When the AUTOPLAY pop up opens. Select the number of spins from the pop up. Click on the spin stop button to stop the AUTOPLAY feature. The available options under this feature are: Selection of Spins : The game will spin for the number of rotations selected from the pop-up menu. You can choose a maximum of 1000 spins and play until your balance is more than the total bet placed. 'AUTOPLAY' option will be disabled in the demo mode. MENU OPTIONS (MOBILE AND DESKTOP): Tap the Hamburger Menu Icon to view the Game Rules . Tap the ‘i’ icon to view game rules. Click the ‘PAYTABLE’ icon to view the game awards. Click the ‘X’ icon to close the menu and return to the game play. GAME RULES: Pharaoh's Frenzy GOLDEN CRUSH contains no reels, lines, or paytable. Instead, the game features a stone-carving of a Pharaoh that can crush prize jars to reveal prizes. Click on SPIN button to begin the game with the currently selected bet. Commit a bet for a chance to crush the active prize jar. Crushing a jar will award a prize to the player. After a prize jar is crushed a new jar is randomly selected from one of the front two jars displayed on either side of the screen. The chance for each jar is always 50/50. Prize Jars are colored Sandstone, Silver, Gold and Ruby. Each jar will have a multiplier among '1.2x, 1.4x, 1.6x, 1.8x, 2x, 2.2x, 2.4x, 2.6x, 2.8x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 8x, 10x, 12x, 14x, 16x, 18x, 20x, 40x, 60x, 80x, 100x, 500x, 1000x' which will be multiplied by total bet and will be awarded to the player if won. Sandstone jar multipliers range from 1.2x - 1000x from the above set of multiplier list. Silver jar multipliers range from 2x - 1000x from the above set of multiplier list. Gold jar multipliers range from 4x - 1000x from the above set of multiplier list. Ruby jar multipliers range from 10x - 1000x from the above set of multiplier list. Sandstone-colored jars are the most common jars and tend to pay lower prize ranges. As the player moves up the color series to Silver, Gold and Ruby, each jar will favor increasingly higher prize ranges. Any damage to a jar is for entertainment purposes only and has no effect on the odds of winning. All the Jars will be persistent with respect to the bets placed and are platform-dependent. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. All pays are shown in USD currency. The theoretical return to player of this game excluding jackpot is 91.00%. The theoretical return to player of this game including jackpot is 94.00%. The min bet is $0.10 and the max bet is $5.00. Win animations can be skipped by clicking anywhere or by pressing the spacebar (desktop). Logging into your account on the desktop website and selecting the option 'History' inside any game will allow you to access your gameplay history. FRENZY MODE: During gameplay, Frenzy Mode may randomly get activated. During Frenzy Mode, up to 26 prize jars can be smashed, awarding each prize jar's payout. Frenzy Mode will end if a crush attempt fails. Frenzy Mode will be played with the same bet as the triggering spin. SANDSTORM JACKPOT: On any crush attempt, the Sandstorm Jackpot may be awarded. If the Sandstorm Jackpot is awarded then the prize jar will glow and cycle through MINI, MINOR, MAJOR, GRAND and ULTRA. The crusher will crush the jar and award the jackpot. The jackpot cycling is for entertainment purposes only and does not reflect the odds of winning a particular jackpot. Player interaction or timing has no influence on the jackpot prize awarded. The Sandstorm Jackpot cannot be awarded on the same crush attempt that triggers Frenzy Mode. The Sandstorm Jackpot awards are not multiplied by the bet multiplier. The odds of triggering a Sandstorm Jackpot improves with higher bet amounts. Activating the Sandstorm Jackpot guarantees the player will win one of the five Jackpots. Sandstorm Jackpots have two pools for each Jackpot tier, current instance pool and reserve pool. During game play a % of the total BET is contributed towards both the pools. Each Jackpot starts with initial seed amount. Initial Jackpot seed is funded by “The House”, and the subsequent instances are funded from reserve pool, the amount accumulated in reserve pool becomes the next seed. Jackpot Name Initial Seed (USD) Instance Contribution % Reserve Contribution % Ultra Jackpot $ 2500.00 0.50% 0.10% Grand Jackpot $ 1000.00 0.36% 0.24% Mega Jackpot $ 250.00 0.37% 0.23% Major Jackpot $ 25.00 0.38% 0.12% Mini Jackpot $ 5.00 0.53% 0.17% Sandstorm Jackpot can only be triggered during the base game. In case of network disconnections during the Sandstorm Jackpot, the jackpot win will be credited to player's account balance automatically. Any bet is eligible for the Sandstorm Jackpot. Only real money play will contribute to the jackpot amount. Sandstorm Jackpot contributions and triggering will not be applicable for games played on 'play for fun/demo/play' mode. Sandstorm Jackpot is progressive and the Contribution/RTP is 3.00%. The maximum jackpot amount a player can get from each of the above jackpot is 500,000 USD. BROWSER BUTTON PANEL COMMANDS: Click on Rules to view the detailed rules of the game as a web page. Click on History to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on Real Money/Demo to switch between real-money or demo-money mode. Click on the Deposit button to deposit money into your account. The History functionality is applicable only for the real-money game play. Return to the player: The theoretical return to player of this game excluding jackpot is 91.00%. The theoretical return to player of this game including jackpot is 94.00%. FAQ’s: What do I do if the balance is low to place a bet? If your game balance drops below the minimum bet, message about insufficient money will be automatically presented. To add funds to your account, click on the “DEPOSIT” button in the right bottom of the screen, then select the desired deposit option. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you are disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete the game for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the “History” button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected after triggering or in the middle of the FRENZY MODE rounds on reconnection, player will be able to start the disconnected FRENZY MODE feature rounds, if not already started, or resume from where it was disconnected. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Service team.