Pharaoh's Frenzy GOLDEN CRUSH Game Objective: The objective of the game is to crush the prize jars to reveal prizes. If a prize jar does not break open during a game round, it will remain visibly damaged and the next game round can be initiated to further break the prize jar. The damage is purely cosmetic and has no relationship with chances of winning in the next round. A winning round occurs when a prize jar breaks open to reveal a winning prize. How to play: Setting 'BETS': When player enter the game, a default bet is set. Player can change the bet value by clicking the + or - buttons either side of the BET icon in desktop and mobile. Repeat bet/Change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount wagered on the previous spin. Just click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. Spin: The SPIN button in the right middle starts the game in desktop. The SPIN button is at the bottom of the game screen in portrait mode and at the right side of the game screen in landscape mode in mobile. Volume: The volume icon will play the game music. Click on the volume icon to mute the volume. Credits: After placing the desired bet, remaining game balance is shown under ‘BALANCE’. Player current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the ‘BALANCE’ meter and the 'BET' meter. Game balance is shown at the bottom of the game screen. 'AUTO SPINS: Select the AUTOPLAY button for hands-free play. For UK/Ontario users auto spin option will not be applicable. To configure Auto Spins, click on AUTOPLAY button to open the window then select number of spins you’d like to play, auto begins the spins. Click on the AUTOPLAY button to stop the AUTO SPIN feature. In play-money mode, the ‘AUTOPLAY’ button will be disabled. Game Settings: Sound effects: Toggle between On / Off to enable or disable the game win animation sounds. Mobile Options: Tap the Hamburger Menu Icon to view options such as the Game Rules. Tap the ‘i’ icon to view game rules. Tap close icon to go back to the game play . GAME RULES: Pharaoh's Frenzy GOLDEN CRUSH contains no reels, lines, or paytables. Instead, the game features a stone-carving of a Pharaoh that can crush prize jars to reveal prizes. Commit a bet for a chance to crush the active prize jar. Crushing a jar will award a prize to the player. After a prize jar is crushed, a new jar is randomly selected from one of the front two jars displayed either side of the screen. The chance for each jar is always 50/50. Prize Jars are coloured Sandstone, Silver, Gold and Ruby. Each jar will have a multiplier among ‘1.2x, 1.4x, 1.6x, 1.8x, 2x, 2.2x, 2.4x, 2.6x, 2.8x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 8x, 10x, 12x, 14x, 16x, 18x, 20x, 40x, 60x, 80x, 100x, 500x, 1000x’ which will be multiplied by bet. Sandstone jar multipliers will starts from 1.2x -1000x from the above set of multiplier list. Silver jar multipliers will starts from 2x – 1000x from the above set of multiplier list. Gold jar multipliers will starts from 4x – 1000x from the above set of multiplier list. Ruby jar multipliers will starts from 10x -1000x from the above set of multiplier list. Sandstone-coloured jars are the most common jars and tend to pay lower prizes. As the player moves up the colour series to Silver, Gold and Ruby, each jar will favour increasingly higher prize ranges. Any damage to a jar is for entertainment purpose only and has no effect on the odds of winning. All the Jars will be persistent with respect to the bets placed and are platform dependent. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The maximum win in this game is capped to 250,000 EUR or its equivalent amount in your currency during base game or free game. Further wins or free games will be forfeited if the highest win is capped. The theoretical return to player of this game excluding jackpot ranges from 91.50% to 92.20%. The theoretical return to player of this game including jackpot ranges from 94.50% to 95.20%. Win animations can be skipped by clicking anywhere or by pressing the spacebar (desktop). Logging into your account on the desktop website and selecting the option 'Game logs' inside any game will allow you to access your game play history. FRENZY MODE: During game play, Frenzy Mode may randomly get activated. During Frenzy Mode , up to 26 prize jars can be smashed, awarding each prize jar's payout. Frenzy Mode will end if a crush attempt fails. Frenzy Mode will be played with the same bet as the triggering spin. SANDSTORM JACKPOT: On any crush attempt the Sandstorm Jackpot may be awarded. If the Sandstorm Jackpot is awarded then the prize jar will glow and cycle through MINI, MINOR, MAJOR, GRAND and ULTRA. The crusher will crush the jar and award the jackpot. The jackpot cycling is for entertainment purpose only and does not reflect the odds of winning a particular jackpot. Player interaction or timing has no influence on the jackpot prize awarded. The Sandstorm Jackpot cannot be awarded on the same crush attempt that triggers Frenzy mode. The Sandstorm Jackpot awards are not multiplied by the BET multiplier. The odds of triggering a Sandstorm Jackpot improve with higher BET amounts. Activating the Sandstorm Jackpot guarantees the player will win one of the five jackpots. Jackpot Name Instance Contribution % Reserve Contribution % Ultra Jackpot 0.30% 0.50% Grand Jackpot 0.20% 0.40% Major Jackpot 0.15% 0.25% Minor Jackpot 0.15% 0.25% Mini Jackpot 0.36% 0.44% Sandstorm Jackpot can only be triggered during the base game. In case of game close or network disconnections during the Sandstorm Jackpot feature, the jackpot win will be credited to the players account balance automatically. Any bet is eligible for the Sandstorm Jackpot. Only real money play will contribute to the Jackpot amount. Sandstorm Jackpot contributions and triggering will not be applicable for games played in "play for fun/demo/play" mode. Sandstorm Jackpot is progressive and the contribution/RTP is 3.00%. BROWSER BUTTON PANEL COMMANDS: Click on Game Rules to view the detailed rules of the game as web page. Click on Game Logs to view the logs of the game’s player have played. Click on Real/Play to switch between real-money or play-money mode. Click on the Deposit button to deposit money into player account. The Game Logs functionality is applicable only for the real-money game play. Return to the player: The theoretical return to player of this game excluding jackpot ranges from 91.50% to 92.20%. The theoretical return to player of this game including jackpot ranges from 94.50% to 95.20%. FAQ’s: I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the game, game will resume from the point of disconnection otherwise You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game logs' button once you have logged back in 2.What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Click on ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit. 3. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Service team.