Spin Bandit Game Objective: Spin Bandit is a 5x3 reels 10 fixed paylines slot game with TheBigOne jackpot. There are only four symbols; two that pay, a blank, and a Minislot machine symbol. 3 or more Minislot machine symbols appear anywhere on the Reels triggers a Minislot Feature round. Paytable Winlines Game Information: Game is played with 10 fixed paylines. SPIN can be triggered by clicking on the spin button with the current selected BET. The ticker messages will appear below the reel set of game screen. Bet per Line can be changed by using the ‘+’ and ‘-’ buttons. Payouts are displayed on the PAYTABLE. Whenever there is a win, the total BALANCE will update, and the amount won in the spin is shown in the WIN meter at the bottom of the game. The game and game rules are identical in both the real-money and play-money modes, except that autospin option will not be available in play-money mode. Play mode will be available only on desktop version. How to play: Spin: The SPIN button is at the bottom of the game screen in portrait mode and at the right side of the game screen in landscape mode. Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet is set. You can alter the bet per line by clicking on and changing the Bet per line meter as shown below. MAX BET: Click on MAX BET to select the maximum possible bet. If your balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled. AUTOSPIN:You can make use of this feature to select various options for 'hands free' game play. To make use of the ‘AUTOSPIN’ feature, tap on the button. When the Autospin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Tap on ‘OK’ to activate the selected options and start the spins. The available options under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will spin for the number of rotations selected from the Number of Spins Meter. You can choose maximum of 1000 spins and play until your balance is more than the total bet placed. Spin till Win equals or exceeds: The game will spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount entered in the text box. Spin till Loss not exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the loss limit is reached. Loss will be calculated with (Loss = Total bets - Total wins) Total bets=accumulated total bets Total wins=accumulated total wins (((Total bets- Total wins) + current game bet) Spin till feature trigger: The game will automatically spin until the next feature is triggered. Autospin game is terminated whenever TheBigOne Jackpot feature is triggered in-between the Autospins. Autospin Panel When playing with multiple options and conditions selected, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be disabled. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again or opt for new option(s) and proceed with the game. Click on the STOP SPIN button to deactivate AUTOSPIN and the normal game will be restored. Tap on menu icon to view the options like Paytable, Bet setting, Autoplay, Setting button, i button and Cashier. Tap on the ‘Lobby’ option to navigate back to lobby screen. Tap on the 'PAYTABLE' option to view Paytable screen. Tap on the button to go back to the game play. Tap on the ‘Sound' icon to play the game music and vice versa. Tap on the ‘Cashier’ option to navigate to deposit screen. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount you wagered on the previous spin. Just click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. To change your bet, increase or decrease the BET VALUE. ­All winning symbols will be animated in addition to jackpot location animation and background animations. The total win amount is shown in the WIN meter at the bottom of the screen. CREDITS: Your remaining game balance, after you have placed the desired bet, is shown in ‘BALANCE’ meter i.e. the current game balance minus the total bet placed. Tap on ‘Quick Spin’ icon to reduce the time of the spin. Game Rules: Spin Bandit is a 5x3 reel slot game with 10 fixed paylines. All payouts are made according to the Paytable. Paytable will always show the win amount for the currently selected bet on 10 fixed paylines. Only the highest win on each payline is paid. Coinciding wins on different paylines are added to your total balance. Bar and Star symbols pay left to right, right to left and middle when 3 or more identical symbols appear adjacent to one another on paylines. Minislot machine and O symbols do not have any payouts. The min bet is $0.20 and the max bet is $50.00. When 3 or more Minislot machine symbols appear anywhere on the reels triggers Minislot Feature. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Theoretical return to player is 93.33%. Jackpot Contribution RTP is 3.0004%. Feature Game Rules: Minislot Feature round will be triggered when three or more Minislot symbols appear anywhere on the reels. Free spins are played at the lines and bet of the triggering spin. Player needs to click on Spin button in order to play the Minislot. Player will be able to play until player gets a no win for each Minislot view appeared on reels. During the Minislot Feature triggered, player can play the bonus game one by one and the wins are added at the end of each feature game. All wins are paid accordance with feature game payouts in the Paytable. Feature paytable represents the multipliers awarded for mini slot symbol for 3 of a kind. Win amount for each round of Minislot will be displayed above the Minislot machine during the Bonus game, which shows the cumulative win amount for total number of rounds awarded to each Minislot appeared in the reels. Total feature win amount will be displayed below the Minislot machine during the Bonus game, which shows the cumulative total of the Bonus game win amounts. Jackpot game: Jackpot Round The Big One jackpot can be triggered anytime, either during normal spin, autospin or after the feature game. The main screen then changes to jackpot screen after the user has won jackpot game in which all the jackpots and their values are listed on the left side area and a wheel is displayed on the right side area. There are 5 different jackpots, each of which has a unique color. All five colors are shown on the wheel: The orange color represents the Blitz Cash Jackpot. The red color represents the Quick Cash Jackpot. The blue color represents the Super Cash Jackpot. The green color represents the Mega Cash Jackpot. The lavender color represents the Colossal Cash Jackpot. The SPIN button is shown on the right side area. By clicking on the SPIN button, the wheel rotates and stops on a particular color and the respective jackpot is awarded. When a particular jackpot is cracked, a pop-up is shown on the jackpot screen which displays the type of jackpot and the amount awarded. By clicking on 'OK' in the pop-up, it navigates to main game screen. If multiple jackpots are cracked at the same time, by clicking on 'OK' in the pop-up, the 'SPIN' button on the jackpot screen is enabled to continue further game play. You can see the current values of all five jackpots in the right side area of the main game screen. The more you wager, the higher your chances of cracking the jackpot will be. The cash will be credited to your account immediately. Return to the player: Theoretical return to player is 93.33%. Jackpot Contribution/RTP is 3.0004%. Game History: Gameplay history can be accessed by logging into your account on the desktop website and choosing menu “Game logs” inside any game. FAQ’s: 1. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You will be able to view the result from game logs by logging to the website. If you are disconnected in the middle of the bonus round, you will be prompted to complete it after logging back in. After completing the bonus round, you can continue game play, or you can select another game of your choice. 2. What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Go to the Cashier option and deposit 3. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. 4. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team.