SuperPot Slot Game Objective: Superpot Slot is a 5x3 cascading reels slot game with 20 variable pay lines with win fall feature and fixed jackpot. You win based on the combination of the various symbols displayed on the selected winning payline(s). The ‘PAYTABLE’ below shows how much you win for each combination. Game Information: Game is played with 20 variable pay lines. When you enter the game, a default bet is set. The BET is Number of Fixed lines multiplied by the selected BET/LINE Value. BET VALUE can be changed by using the and buttons. SPIN can be triggered by clicking on the spin button with the current selected BET and LINES. Payouts are displayed on the PAYTABLE. Payline wins are multiplied by the amount ‘bet per line’ and gets added to other payline wins. The highest win amount is paid on each selected payline. Coinciding wins on different bet lines are all added to your total. All symbols pay from left to right. The ticker messages will appear at the bottom of game screen. Whenever there is a win, the total BALANCE will update, and the amount won in the spin is shown in the WIN meter at the bottom of the game. The game and game rules are identical in both the real-money and play-money modes, except that auto-spin option will not be available in play-money mode. How to play: Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet is set. You can change the bet per win by clicking the or buttons available on either side of the BET meter. LINES: Twenty lines are selected by default. Lines are variable and lines count can be changed. MAX BET: Click on MAX BET to select the maximum possible bet. If your balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled. Paytable: The Paytable can be viewed either by clicking the button located in bottom of game screen beside ‘BET’ label or by clicking button located at the bottom of the screen beside Lines. The prizes displayed in the Paytable are per unit bet, and this game has dynamic Paytable and payouts shown in the Paytable are multiplied with the bet. You can navigate to all screens of Paytable by clicking on and buttons. You can go back to the game by clicking on the button on the Paytable screen. Spin: The SPIN button in the lower right corner starts the game. Volume: icon will play the game music. Click on icon will mute the volume . AUTO SPIN: You can use this feature to choose all or any of the various options for 'hands free' game play. The available options under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will spin for the number of rotations selected on the slider menu. You can choose a maximum of 1,000 spins and play until your balance is more than the total bet placed. For UKGC users, the number of spins available will be 100. Spin till Win equals or exceeds: The game will spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount entered in the numeric text box. Spin till Loss not exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the loss limit is reached. Loss will be calculated with (Loss = Total bets - Total wins) Total bets=accumulated total bets Total wins=accumulated total wins (((Total bets- Total wins) + current game bet) To make use of the Autospin feature, click on the 'AUTOSPIN' button in the bottom left of the game screen. When the Autospin window opens, Click on ‘More’ to show the extra options. Check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Click on the text box and enter the limit amount you want to play with. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Similarly, click on ‘X’ button to skip the 'AUTOSPIN' feature and return to the game screen. When playing with multiple options and conditions selected, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be disabled. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again or opt for new option(s) and proceed with the game. Click on the 'STOP SPIN' button to deactivate 'AUTOSPIN' and the normal game will be restored. 'AUTOSPIN' option is not available in the play-money mode. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount you wagered on the previous spin. Just click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. ¬To change your bet, increase or decrease the Bet shown on the game screen. Credits: After you have placed the desired bet, your remaining game balance is shown under ‘BALANCE’. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the ‘BALANCE’ meter and the 'BET' meter. Your game balance is shown at the bottom of the game screen. Game Settings: Volume: Player can set the volume of the sound effects by sliding through the Volume button. Sound effects: Toggle between On / Off to enable or disable the game win animation sounds. Quick spin: By checking this option, game play is faster than the regular spin. Spacebar to spin: By checking this option, Spacebar key can be used to trigger a spin. Game Rules: Super Pot Slot is a 5-reel slot game with 20 variable paylines. All payouts are made according to the paytable. On clicking on Spin button, it begins the game with the currently selected BET and LINES. Bet Amount can be changed by using the ‘-‘ and ‘+’ buttons. Win amounts are multiplied by bet per line. Only the highest win on each selected payline is paid. Coinciding wins on different paylines are all added to the player balance. All Symbols pay from left to right. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The theoretical return to the player for this game is 95.05%. Exploding Reels Rules: All symbol combinations defined in the paytable will trigger the Exploding Reels feature during game play if any win occurs in the selected paylines. Symbols on a winning pay line will disappear leaving star for a second in place of winning symbols and new set of symbols will fall in place of the old winning symbols. The Exploding Reels feature wins are multiplied by bet per line. In the case of a win during the Exploding Reels feature, winnings will be shown in the “win” box. This process will continue until no winning symbol combinations occur on Exploding reels feature. All wins will be accumulated and credited to the player at the end of the Exploding Reels feature. Jackpot: The Super pot jackpot is a fixed jackpot prize that will trigger to the players randomly. The Jackpot amount will always be fixed and not funded by player stakes. The jackpot is not associated to any of the reel symbols. Player can win the jackpot, even if there is no win on selected pay lines. Browser Button Panel Commands: Click on Game Rules to view the detailed rules of the game as web page. Click on Game Logs to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on Responsible Gaming to open Responsible Gaming page. Click on Real/Play to switch between real-money or play-money mode. Click on the Deposit button to deposit money into your account. The Game logs functionality is applicable only for the real-money game play. Return to the Player: The theoretical return to the player for this game is 95.05%. 1. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game logs' button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected in the middle of the win fall feature, you will be prompted to complete it after logging back in. After completing the feature round, you can continue game play, or you can select another game of your choice. 2. What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Click on ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit. 3. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. 4. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team