Super Star Main Game screen Game Objective: Super Star is a five-reel, multi-payline 'Gold Jackpot ' slot game. You win based on the combination of the various symbols displayed on the selected winning payline(s). The 'Paytable' in game shows how much you will win for each combination. For each bet placed, the house adds a percentage of the bet amount to all the four running Gold Jackpot levels. Paytable Paylines Game Information: Game is played with 9 variable lines, which are displayed on either sides of the game screen. LINES can be changed by using the and buttons. BET amount can be changed by using the and buttons. SPIN can be triggered by tapping on the spin button with the current selected BET and LINES. Payouts are displayed on the PAYTABLE. Pay-line wins are calculated based on coin value * multiplier for symbol occurrences. Highest win amount is paid on each selected pay-line. Coinciding wins on different bet lines are all added to your total. Scatter (represented by Star symbol) wins are multiplied by total bet and added to pay line wins. All symbols pay from left to right, except the scatter symbol (represented by Star) which pays anywhere in view. On the winning line the winning symbols will slightly animate with bounce in animation and the win line will be colored and remaining will be grayed out. The ticker messages will appear on bottom of game screen. Whenever there is a win, the total BALANCE will increase, and the amount won in the spin is shown in the WIN bar at bottom of the game. The game and game rules are identical both in real-money and play-money modes, except that the play-money mode does not contribute to the jackpot. Gold Jackpot: The Gold Jackpot consists of all four jackpots at different levels. The levels start with Gold Blitz Jackpot and move up through Gold Quick Jackpot and Gold Super Jackpot to the highest, Gold Mega Jackpot. All four jackpots grow progressively as bets are made. For each spin on any of the Gold Jackpot games, the house adds a small credit to the four running jackpots. Each Gold Jackpot level can be won while betting any amount, irrespective of hitting any paying or non-paying combination. How to play: Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet per payline is set for all 9 lines on the slot machine. You can increase the bet per line by clicking the button to the right of 'BET', or you can decrease the bet by clicking the button to the left. Bet and lines will not get adjusted to the next possible bet, if your balance drops below total bet placed, then click on button to deposit. Setting 'LINES': Nine lines are selected by default. You can decrease the number of lines by clicking the button to the left of 'LINES', or select more lines by clicking the button to the right. When the number of lines is increased, all the lines number and the line path will be colorized to represent the selected paylines. These lines and their path are decolorized when the number of paylines is decreased. MAX BET: To play with MAX BET, click on . If your balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled. The number of selected lines are multiplied by the 'bet per line'. The total bet amount is displayed beside the 'BET' label, which can be found at the bottom of the game screen. Paytable: The Paytable can be viewed either by clicking the button located in bottom of game screen beside ‘BET’ label or by clicking button located at the bottom of the screen beside the Line meter. The prizes displayed in the Paytable are per unit bet, and are shown as multipliers. To get the effective payout per line, multiply the respective prize with the bet per line. You can go back to the game by clicking on the button on the Paytable screen. Clicking on the button will open the rules screen along with Paytable and allow you to read the game rules. Spin: Click on SPIN icon to start spinning the reels. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines and any scatter wins will be paid according to the Paytable. Result: Wins are indicated by colorized paylines animated symbols, and in case of a scatter win, by animated symbols, with the total win amount being shown at the bottom of the screen beside 'WIN'. Volume: icon will play the game music. Click on icon will mute the volume . CREDITS: Your remaining game balance, after you have placed the desired bet, is shown in ‘BALANCE’ meter i.e. the current game balance minus the total bet placed. 'AUTOSPIN': You can use this feature to choose all or any of the various options for 'hands free' game play. The available options under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will spin for the number of rotations selected from the drop-down menu. You can choose any number of games and play until your balance is more than the total bet placed. Spin till Win equals or exceeds: The game will spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount selected from the drop down menu. Spin till Loss not exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the loss limit is reached. Loss will be calculated with (Loss = Total bets - Total wins) Total bets=accumulated total bets Total wins=accumulated total wins (((Total bets- Total wins) + current game bet) Spin until feature trigger: The game will spin until the next feature is triggered. Autospin game is terminated whenever a Gold Jackpot is triggered in-between the Autospin To make use of the Autospin feature, click on the 'AUTOSPIN' button in the bottom right of the game screen. When the Autospin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Select from the drop-down menu where applicable and click ‘Ok’ button to activate the selected options and start the spins. Similarly, click on ‘X’ to skip the 'AUTOSPIN' feature and return to the game screen. When playing with multiple options and conditions selected, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be disabled. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again or opt for new option(s) and proceed with the game. 'AUTOSPIN' option is not available in the play-money mode. Whenever the bet is lower than the balance, a window will pop up saying “Your account balance is too low to place a bet”. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount you wagered on the previous spin. Just click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. To change your bet, increase the Bet meter shown on the game screen.­ Credits: After you have placed the desired bet, your remaining game balance is shown under ‘BALANCE’. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the ‘BALANCE’ meter and the 'BET' meter. Your game balance is shown at the bottom of the game screen. Browser Panel Commands: Click on ‘ Responsible Gaming ’ to navigate to the Responsible gaming page. Click on 'Game logs ' to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on 'Game Rules ' to view the current version number & game rules of the game. Click on ' Deposit ' button to deposit to your account. Click on ‘ Real/Play ’ to switch to real-money or play-money game mode. The “ Game logs ” functionality is applicable only for the real money game play. Game Rules : Play 1 to 9 lines. All symbols pay left to right, except the scattered Star symbol, which pays in either direction. Only the highest win on each selected payline is paid. Wins on different paylines are added to the total. Line wins are multiplied by the amount bet per line. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Scatter wins are added to payline wins. All wins are paid on selected paylines only, except for scatter (Star) symbols, which pay anywhere in view. The wild (Galaxy) symbol only appears on reels two and four, and substitutes for all other symbols except scattered Stars. All jackpot wins are credited to your account balance immediately. Malfunctions Voids all Pays and Plays. Feature game play: The bonus feature is triggered when three or more Star symbols appear anywhere on reels. The main game screen will change, and the feature game screen will open up. You then select four of the nine Star symbols that appear on the screen. Each Star symbol reveals a random prize of up to 100 times your triggering bet. Click on the 'COMPLETE' button to restore the main game screen. Feature prizes are added to payline and scatter wins. Wins are transferred to the credit meter at the end of the base game and at the end of each stage in the feature. Jackpot feature round: A jackpot feature game can be triggered anytime, either during normal spin or autospin. Play the jackpot feature to know which level you have won. Any bet is eligible for the jackpot. The larger your wager is on each game, the more chances you have of winning the jackpot. Bonus round features cannot win the jackpot amount. Choose six out of the nine available symbols to reveal the '$' signs. Each '$' sign awards one level of the Gold Jackpot. One '$' sign awards Gold Blitz Jackpot. Two '$' signs award Gold Quick Jackpot. Three '$' signs award Gold Super Jackpot. Four '$' signs award Gold Mega Jackpot. Click on the 'COMPLETE' button to restore the main game screen. If you win multiple jackpots, the jackpot feature for the next jackpot will start after you click the 'COMPLETE' button. The current value of all four jackpot levels is shown at the top right-hand corner of the game screen. Each jackpot resets to its base value after any player has hit it. The reset value of all four jackpots is shown below. When the jackpot feature game is completed, the main game screen will be restored to its previous state. Jackpot wins will be credited to your account immediately. Jackpot Level Reset Value Gold Mega Jackpot $500,000 Gold Super Jackpot $50,000 Gold Quick Jackpot $5,000 Gold Blitz Jackpot $500 Return to the player: The theoretical return to player of this game is 93.84%. FAQ’s: 1. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game logs' button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected in the middle of the feature round, you will be prompted to complete it after logging back in. After completing the feature round, you can continue game play, or you can select another game of your choice. 2. What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Click on ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit. 3. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. 4. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team. Last modification date: 12/28/2021