SCORCHING SUPER FRUITS Game Objective: Scorching Super Fruits is a 5x3 reel with 10 fixed pay lines slot game, pays from left to right, right to left and centered wins when 3 or more identical symbols appear adjacent to one another on each pay line. All wins greater than 4X the stake triggers the Scorching Spins Feature where the game screen will be divided to 4 mini screens. During the Scorching Spin Feature stacked wild symbols are added to the reel bands. Any wild symbols are transferred to the next sequential game. How to play: Setting 'BETS': When player enter the game, a default bet is set. Player can change the bet value by clicking the + or - buttons either side of the BET meter. MAX BET: Click on ‘MAX BET’ to select the maximum possible bet. If balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled. Paytable: The Paytable can be viewed by clicking on the ‘ i ’ button located in a panel beside the bet panel. Player can go back to the game by clicking on the back on the Paytable screen. Spin: The SPIN button in the middle starts the game. Volume: The volume icon will play the game music. Click on the Volume icon to mute the volume. CREDITS: Remaining game balance after player have placed the desired bet is shown in ‘BALANCE’ meter i.e. the current game balance minus the total bet placed. 'AUTOSPIN': Select the AUTOSPIN for hands-free play. To make use of the Auto spin feature, click on the 'AUTOSPIN' button in the bottom of the game screen. When the Auto spin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) player would like to play with. Select from the drop-down menu where applicable. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Similarly, click on Stop Auto spin button to stop the AUTO SPIN feature and return to the game screen. For UK players this Auto spin option will be disabled. The available options under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will spin for the number of rotations selected from the slider menu. Player can choose a maximum of 1000 spins and play until balance is more than the total bet placed. Spin till Win equals or exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the win amount is equals or exceeds the amount entered. Spin till Loss not exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the loss limit is reached. Loss will be calculated with (Loss = Total bets - Total wins) Total bets=accumulated total bets Total wins=accumulated total wins (((Total bets- Total wins) + current game bet) If feature trigger: The game will spin until the next feature is triggered. The Auto Spins will be terminated whenever Scorching Spin feature is triggered during the Auto Spin feature. When playing with multiple options and conditions selected, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be disabled. Player can then choose to either select the same set of options again or opt for new option(s) and proceed with the game. 'AUTO SPIN' option will be disabled in the play-money mode. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount player wagered on the previous spin. Just click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. To change bet, increase or decrease the Bet shown on the game screen. Credits: After you have placed the desired bet, your remaining game balance is shown under ‘BALANCE’. Current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the ‘BALANCE’ meter and the 'BET' meter. Game balance is shown at the bottom of the game screen. Game Settings: To make use of Game Settings, click on the ‘settings button’ at the bottom of the game screen in between Paytable and Sound icons. Volume: Players can set the volume of the sound effects and ambience by sliding using the volume button. Sound effects: Toggle between On / Off to enable or disable the game win animation sounds. Ambience sound: Toggle between On / Off to enable or disable the game background sound. Quick spin: By checking this option, game play is faster than the regular spin and for UK player this option will be in disabled mode. Space bar to spin: By checking this option, the space bar can be used to trigger a spin. This option stays disabled if the intro video is not available for a game. Game Rules: Game is played with 10 fixed number of pay lines. BET amount can be changed by using the ‘- ‘and ‘+’ buttons. Click on spin button to begin the game. Pays from left to right, right to left and centered wins when 3 or more identical symbols appear adjacent to one another on each pay line. Highest amount is paid on each selected pay line. Coinciding wins on different lines are all added to your total win. Payouts are made according to the pay table. Pay line wins are multiplied by the amount bet per line and gets added to the other pay line wins. Main game Auto play will be terminated once feature is triggered. The min bet is 0.10€ and the max bet is 50€. The maximum win in this game is capped to 250,000 EUR or its equivalent amount in your currency during Main game or Scorching Super Fruits Feature round. Further wins/Spins will be forfeited if the highest win is reached. The theoretical return to the player 96.18% Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Scorching Super Fruits Feature: Any win greater than 4X the stake in the base game triggers Scorching Super Fruits Feature. The game screen is divided to 4 mini screens for the Scorching Super Fruits Feature. Player can change the bet amount based upon the win amount. Scorching Spins are played with winnings from the base game shown as Total Win. Wild Symbols are stacked and will only appear during Scorching Super Fruits Feature. Wild Symbol does not have a payout and substitutes for all symbols. The wild symbol only appears on reel 3 in the Scorching Super Fruits Feature and is always stacked. Wild symbols are transferred to the next sequential game for that spin. Scorching Spins are available while the amount in the Win meter is greater than or equal to 4X the original stake . Any amount under 4X the stake will be auto collected, and player will return to the Main game. The Maximum number of Scorching Spins player can play is 100. Scorching Super Fruits Feature will end: If Win amount is less than 4X. If the Maximum Spins count reaches to 100. If the maximum Win amount of 250000 EUR or its equivalent amount in your currency is reached. On collecting the Win amount. Scorching Spins are played with an RTP of 99.73%. Browser Button Panel Commands: Click on Game Rules to view the detailed rules of the game as web page. Click on Game Logs to view the logs of the games player have played. Click on Real/Play to switch between real-money or play-money mode. Click on the Deposit button to deposit money into player account. The Game Logs functionality is applicable only for the real-money game play. Return to the player: The theoretical return to player of the game is 96.18%. The theoretical return to player of the Scorching Spin Feature is 99.73%. FAQ’s: 1. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'History' button once you have logged back in. 2.What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Click on ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit. 3. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Service team. Last modification date: 4/11/2023