Super Joker Game Objective: Super Joker is a five-reel, multi-payline 'Gold Jackpot' slot game. You win based on the combination of the various symbols displayed on the selected winning payline(s). The 'paytable' in game shows how much you will win for each combination. The bonus round will be triggered when 3 or more Scattered Joker symbols appear anywhere on the screen. Game Information: The game is played with 9 variable lines. LINES can be changed by using the and buttons. BET amount can be changed by using the and buttons. SPIN can be triggered by clicking on the spin button with the current selected BET and LINES. Payouts are displayed on the PAYTABLE. The paytable will always show the respective symbol payout amounts for the currently selected bet on 9 variable lines. The highest win amount is paid on each selected pay line. Coinciding wins on different pay lines are all added to your total. The Gold symbol substitutes all other symbols except for the Scattered Joker symbol. All symbols pay from left to right, except for the scatter symbol (represented by scattered joker) which pays anywhere in view. The ticker messages will appear on bottom of Game screen. Whenever there is a win, the total BALANCE will increase and the amount won in the spin is shown in the WIN under the bottom of the game. The game and game rules are identical in both the real-money and play-money modes, except that Auto spin option will not be available in play-money mode. How to play: Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet per payline is set for all 9 lines on the slot machine. You can increase the bet per line by clicking on the button to the right of 'BET' or you can decrease the bet by clicking the to the left. Bet and lines will not be adjusted to the next possible bet if your balance drops below total bet placed, then click on the button to deposit. Setting 'LINES': Similarly, nine lines are selected by default. You can decrease the number of lines by clicking on the button to the left of 'LINES', or select more lines by clicking on the button to the right. When the number of lines is increased, all the lines number and the line path will be colourized to represent the selected paylines. These lines and their path are decolourized as the number of paylines is decreased. MAX BET: To play with MAX BET, click on . If your balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled. The number of selected lines are multiplied by the 'bet per line'. The total bet amount is displayed beside the 'BET' label, which can be found at the bottom of the game screen. Paytable: The paytable can be viewed either by clicking on the button located in bottom of game screen beside ‘BET’ label or by clicking on button located at the bottom of the screen beside the Line meter. The prizes displayed in the paytable are per unit bet, and are shown as multipliers. To get the effective payout per line, multiply the respective prize with the bet per line. You can go back to the game by clicking on the button on the paytable screen. Clicking on the button will open the rules screen along with the paytable and allow you to read the game rules. Spin: Click on SPIN icon to start spinning the reels. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines and any scatter wins will be paid according to the paytable. Result: Wins are indicated by colourized payline animated symbols and in the case of a scatter win, by animated symbols, with the total win amount being shown at the bottom of the screen beside 'WIN'. Volume: icon will play the game music. Click on icon will mute the volume . CREDITS: Your remaining game balance, after you have placed the desired bet, is shown in ‘BALANCE’ meter i.e. the current game balance minus the total bet placed. 'AUTOSPIN': You can use this feature to choose all or any of the various options for 'hands free' game play. The available options under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will spin for the number of rotations selected from the drop-down menu. You can choose any number of games and play until your balance is more than the total bet placed. Spin till Win equals or exceeds: The game will spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount selected from the drop down menu. Spin till Loss not exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the loss limit is reached. Loss will be calculated with (Loss = Total bets - Total wins) Total bets=accumulated total bets Total wins=accumulated total wins (((Total bets- Total wins) + current game bet) <= Loss limit target) then next auto spin will be allowed. Spin till feature trigger: The game will spin until the next feature is triggered. Auto spin game is terminated whenever a Gold Jackpot is triggered in-between the auto spin. To make use of the auto spin feature, click on the 'AUTOSPIN' button in the bottom right of the game screen. When the auto spin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you would like to play with. Select from the drop-down menu where applicable and click on the ‘OK’ button. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Similarly, click on 'CANCEL' to skip the 'AUTOSPIN' feature and return to the game screen. When playing with multiple options and conditions selected, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others and the remaining selected conditions will be disabled. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again or opt for new option(s) and proceed with the game. The 'AUTOSPIN' option is not available in the play-money mode. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount you wagered on the previous spin. Simply click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. To change your bet, increase the coin value. ­ Credits: After you have placed the desired bet, your remaining game balance is shown under ‘BALANCE’. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the ‘BALANCE’ meter and the 'BET' meter. Your game balance is shown at the bottom of the game screen. Browser Panel Commands: Click on ‘ Responsible Gaming ’ to navigate to the Responsible Gaming page. Click on 'Game logs ' to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on 'Game Rules ' to view the current version number & game rules of the game. Click on the ' Deposit ' button to deposit to your account. Click on ‘ Real/Play ’ to switch to real-money or play-money game mode. The “ Game logs ” functionality is applicable only for the real money game play. Game Rules : Play 1 to 9 lines. All symbols pay left to right, except scattered joker symbol, which pay in either direction. Only the highest win on each selected payline is paid. Coinciding wins on different lit lines are added together. Payouts are made according to the paytable. The paytable will always show the respective symbol payout amounts for the currently selected bet on 9 variable lines. Scatter wins are added to payline wins. All wins are paid on selected paylines only, except scatter symbols which pay anywhere. The Gold symbol substitutes for all other symbols except the scattered Joker. All jackpot wins are credited to your account balance immediately. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. Feature game play: The feature game will be triggered when three or more Scattered Joker symbols appear anywhere on reels. Players must select any 3 cards from 5 cards to find the Joker. Each time the Joker is found, players have chance to get up to 1,000 times of the triggering bet. If the Joker is not found, players will be awarded with 2 times of the triggering bet as consolation prize. The win amount is shown in cents in the bonus round. Bonus game wins are added to payline and scatter wins. Jackpot feature round: A jackpot feature game can be triggered anytime, either during normal spin, auto spin or after the feature round. Play the jackpot feature to know which level you have won. Any bet is eligible for the jackpot. The larger is your wager on each game, the more chances you have of winning the jackpot. Any wins on bonus round cannot trigger Jackpot. Choose six out of the nine available symbols to reveal the '$' signs. Each '$' sign awards one level of the Gold Jackpot. One '$' sign awards Gold Blitz Jackpot. Two '$' signs award Gold Quick Jackpot. Three '$' signs award Gold Super Jackpot. Four '$' signs award Gold Mega Jackpot. Click on the 'COMPLETE' button to restore the main game screen. If you win multiple jackpots, the jackpot feature for the next jackpot will start after you click the 'COMPLETE' button. The current value of all four jackpot levels is shown at the top right-hand corner of the game screen. Each jackpot resets to its base value after any player has hit it. The reset value of all four jackpots is shown below. When the jackpot feature game is completed, the main game screen will be restored to its previous state. Jackpot wins will be credited to your account immediately. Return to the player: The theoretical return to player of this game is 92.15%. FAQ’s: 1. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game logs' button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected in the middle of the feature round, you will be prompted to complete it after logging back in. After completing the feature round, you can continue game play, or you can select another game of your choice. 2. What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Click on ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit. 3. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. 4. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Service team. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000