Scorching Fruits 40 Plus Game Objective: Scorching Fruits 40 Plus is a five-reel slot game, the game can be played with a minimum of 10 lines and can be increased in multiples of 10 lines to the max number of 40 lines is reached. Symbols pay from left to right, starting with left most reel. When three or more Scattered Star symbols appear anywhere in view will pay according to the pay table. The wild symbol substitutes for all other symbols, except for scattered Star symbol. How to play: Setting 'BETS': When player enter the game, a default bet is set. Player can change the bet value by clicking the + or - buttons either side of the BET meter in desktop and by tapping hamburger menu and changing the bet meter in mobile. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount wagered on the previous spin. Just click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. MAX BET: Click on ‘MAX BET’ to select the maximum possible bet. If player balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled. Spin: The SPIN button in the middle starts the game in desktop. The SPIN button is at the bottom of the game screen in portrait mode and at the right side of the game screen in landscape mode in mobile. Paytable: The Paytable can be viewed by clicking on the ‘ i ’ button located above the bet panel. You can go back to the game by clicking on the down arrow in the Paytable screen. Paytable in mobile can be viewed by tapping on hamburger menu and selecting the paytable option. Volume: The volume icon will play the game music. Click on the volume icon to mute the volume. Credits: After placing the desired bet remaining game balance is shown under ‘BALANCE’. Player current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the ‘BALANCE’ meter and the 'BET' meter. Game balance is shown at the bottom of the game screen. 'AUTOSPIN': Select the AUTOSPIN for hands-free play. For UK/Ontario user auto spin option will be in disabled mode. To make use of the Auto spin feature, click on the 'AUTOSPIN' button in the bottom of the game screen. When the auto spin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Select from the drop-down menu where applicable. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Similarly, click on stop auto spin button to stop the AUTO SPIN feature and return to the game screen. The available options under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will spin for the number of rotations selected from the slider menu. You can choose a maximum of 1000 spins and play until your balance is more than the total bet placed. Spin till Win equals or exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the win amount equals or exceeds the amount entered in the numeric text box. Spin till Loss not exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the loss limit is reached. Loss will be calculated with (Loss = Total bets - Total wins) Total bets=accumulated total bets Total wins=accumulated total wins (((Total bets- Total wins) + current game bet) Spin till feature trigger: The game will automatically spin until the next feature is triggered. When playing with multiple options and conditions selected, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be disabled. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again or opt for new option(s) and proceed with the game. 'AUTO SPIN' option will be disabled in the play-money mode. Game Settings: To make use of Game Settings, click on the ‘settings button’ at the bottom of the game screen in between Paytable and Sound icons. Volume: Players can set the volume of the sound effects by sliding using the volume button. Sound effects: Toggle between On / Off to enable or disable the game win animation sounds. Quick spin: By checking this option, game play is faster than the regular spin and for UK player this option will be in disabled mode. Space bar to spin: By checking this option, the space bar can be used to trigger a spin. This option stays disabled if the intro video is not available for a game. Mobile Options: Tap the Hamburger Menu Icon to view options such as the Paytable, bet settings , auto spin, settings “i” button and Cashier in mobile. Tap the Home option to navigate back to lobby screen. Tap the Paytable option to view Paytable screen. Tap back button to go back to the game play. Tap the Volume icon to play the game music and vice versa. Tap the ‘ $’ option to navigate to deposit screen. Game Rules: Scorching Fruits 40 Plus is a five-reel slot game. The game can be played with a minimum of 10 lines and can be increased in multiples of 10 lines to the max number of 40 lines. Bet amount can be changed by using ‘-‘and ‘+’ buttons. SPIN begins the game with the currently selected BET and LINES. All payouts are made according to the Paytable. All symbols pay from left to right, starting with the left most reel except the Scattered Star symbol which pays anywhere in the reel. Coinciding wins on different lines are all added to total win. Only the highest win on each selected payline will be paid. Wild symbol payout will take precedence over symbol payout if Wild payout is higher than the symbol payout. 7 Wild Logo is a wild symbol and substitutes for all other symbols except for Scattered Star symbol. Payline wins are multiplied by Bet per line for all the symbols except for Scattered Star symbol. Scatter wins are multiplied by total bet and added to other payline wins. 3 or more Scattered Star symbols will pay according to the paytable. The min bet is 0.10E and the max bet is 50E. Game play history can be accessed by logging into your account on the desktop website and choosing menu “Game logs” inside any game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The theoretical return to player of this game excluding jackpot is 93.20%. The theoretical return to player of this game including jackpot is 95.08%. Jackpot Rules: The Big One jackpot can be triggered anytime, either during normal spin or auto spin. When player hits a jackpot, game screen then moves to jackpot screen where a Jackpot wheel with list of jackpot names is available. Win amounts for the current jackpot spin are mentioned in the Jackpot table. There are 5 different jackpots, each of which has a unique color. All five jackpots are shown on the wheel. By clicking on the SPIN button, the wheel rotates and stops on any one jackpot name and the respective jackpot amount is awarded. Big One jackpots are played across multiple games and all games have equal probability of winning the jackpot. A jackpot instance can only won by one player, and this applies for all Jackpot tiers. In-case of network disconnections during the Jackpot wheel feature, jackpot win will be credited to player account balance automatically. The jackpot is triggered randomly. Any bet is eligible for the jackpot. The more you wager the higher the chances of hitting the jackpot. The number of spins awarded in jackpot screen equals the number of jackpots awarded. Only real money play will contribute to the jackpot amount. Jackpot contributions and triggering will not be applicable for games played on "play for fun/demo" mode. Jackpot Contribution/RTP is 1.88%. Browser Panel Commands: Click on Game Rules to view the detailed rules of the game as web page. Click on Game Logs to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on Responsible Gaming to open Responsible Gaming page. Click on Real/Play to switch between real-money or play-money mode. Click on Star to add or remove game from your favorites. Click on the ‘ Deposit’ button to deposit money into your account. The Game logs functionality is applicable only for the real-money game play. Return to the player: The theoretical return to player of this game is 93.20%. Jackpot Contribution/RTP is 1.88% FAQ’s: 1. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game logs' button once you have logged back in. 2.What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Click on ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit. 3. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Service team. Last modification date: 4/18/2023