Super Mystic Mobile Game Objective: Super Mystic is a five-reel, multi-payline 'Gold Jackpot' slot game. You win based on the combination of the various symbols displayed on the selected winning payline(s). The 'paytable' in game shows how much you will win for each combination. Free spin feature with 10 free spins will be triggered when at least 3 sandstorm symbols appear on the screen. Free Spins can re-trigger within free spins. For each bet placed, the house adds a percentage of the bet amount to all the four running Gold Jackpot levels. Game Information: Game is played with 9 variable lines, which are displayed on either sides of the game screen. SPIN can be triggered by tapping on the spin button with the current selected BET and LINES. Payouts are displayed on the PAYTABLE. Pay line wins are calculated based on coin value * multiplier for symbol occurrences. Highest win amount is paid on each selected pay line. Coinciding wins on different bet lines are all added to your total. Scatter wins (represented by Sandstorm symbol) are multiplied by total bet and added to pay line wins. All symbols pay from left to right, except the scatter symbol (represented by Sandstorm) which pays anywhere in view. On the winning line the winning symbols will slightly animate with bounce in animation and the win line will be colored and remaining will be grayed out. The ticker messages will appear on bottom of game screen. Whenever there is a win, the total BALANCE will increase, and the amount won in the spin is shown in the WIN bar at bottom of the game. Gold Jackpot: The Gold Jackpot consists of all four jackpots at different levels. The levels start with Gold Blitz Jackpot and move up through Gold Quick Jackpot and Gold Super Jackpot to the highest, Gold Mega Jackpot. All four jackpots grow progressively as bets are made. For each spin on any of the Gold Jackpot games, the house adds a small credit to the four running jackpots. Each Gold Jackpot level can be won while betting any amount, irrespective of hitting any paying or non-paying combination. How to play: SPIN: Tap on SPIN to start spinning the reels. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on all the selected no of lines will be paid according to the pay table. To calculate the line payout amount, multiply the respective symbol prize with the coin value. Remember only highest win in a line will be paid. To calculate the payout for scattered symbol, multiply the respective scattered symbol prize with the total bet. Result: Any wins are indicated by their pay lines highlighted and symbols animating or, in the case of a scatter win, by their symbols animating the individual pay line wins are shown at the end of each winning line. Tap on the ‘ + ’ icon prior to Spin button to view the options like Lines, Coin value, Max bet & Auto spin. Setting 'BET': When you enter the game, a default bet value is set for all 9 lines. You can choose to increase or decrease the bet value using ‘+ ’ and ‘-’ buttons available at coin value. If you don’t have funds in your account, please go to cashier option and deposit. LINES: Nine lines are selected by default. Lines are variable and can be changed by tapping ‘ + ’ and ‘ - ’ buttons available. COIN VALUE: This is calculated with Total bet / Number of lines selected. MAX BET: To play with MAX BET, tap on button. If your balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled. AUTOSPIN: You can make use of this feature to select various options for 'hands free' game play. To make use of the ‘AUTOSPIN’ feature, tap on the button. When the autospin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Select from the drop-down menu where applicable. Tap on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Similarly, tap on 'CANCEL' to skip the 'AUTOSPIN' feature and return to the game screen. Options available under this feature are: Number of spins: Tap on the ‘Number of spins’ check box to view the drop down. The game will automatically spin for the number of spins selected from the drop-down menu. You can choose any number of games and play until your balance is less than the total bet placed. Spin till win is equal to or exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount selected from the drop down menu. Spin till loss not exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the loss limit is reached. Loss will be calculated with (Loss = Total bets - Total wins) Total bets=accumulated total bets Total wins=accumulated total wins (((Total bets - Total wins) + current game bet) <= Loss limit target) then only next auto spin will be allowed. Spin till feature trigger: The game will automatically spin until the next feature is triggered. When playing with multiple 'AUTO SPIN' options, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be ignored. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again, or choose new option(s), and proceed with the 'AUTO SPIN'. 'AUTOSPIN' option is not available in play money mode. While AUTOSPIN is in progress, you can interrupt the game by tapping on the 'STOP' button. If spin is in progress, AUTOSPIN will be stopped after completing the current spin, otherwise AUTOSPIN is stopped immediately and normal game is restored. Tap on the ‘X’ icon to come out from the above options. Tap on menu icon to view the option like Lobby, Paytable, Help, Sound & Cashier. Tap on the ‘Lobby’ option to navigate back to lobby screen. Tap on the 'PAYTABLE' option to view paytable screen. Tap on the ‘Help’ option to view the help screen. Tap on the button on the paytable or help screen to go back to the game play. Tap on the ‘Sound’ icon to play the game music and vice versa. Tap on the ‘Cashier’ option to navigate to deposit screen. Tap anywhere on the screen to come out from the options. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount you wagered on the previous spin. Just tap on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. To change your bet, increase the coin value.­ Credits: After you have placed the desired bet, your remaining game balance is shown under ‘BALANCE’. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the ‘BALANCE’ meter and the 'BET' meter. Your game balance is shown at the bottom of the game screen. Game Rules : Play 1 to 9 lines. All symbols pay left to right, except scatter (Sandstorm) symbol, which pay in either direction. Only the highest win on each selected payline is paid. Coinciding wins on different lit lines are added together. Line wins are multiplied by the amount coin value. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Scatter wins are added to payline wins. All wins are paid on selected paylines only, except scatter symbols, which pay anywhere. The City symbol substitutes for all other symbols except the scattered Sandstorm. All jackpot wins are credited to your account balance immediately. Malfunctions Voids all Pays and Plays. The game and game rules are identical both in real-money and play-money modes except that play-money mode does not contribute to the jackpot amount. Feature game play: The bonus feature is triggered when three or more Sandstorm symbols appear anywhere on reels. You are then awarded 10 free games, during which all prizes are tripled. The feature can be re-triggered. Free games are played using the number of line and the bet amount you selected in the trigger game. Free game wins are added to payline and scatter wins. Wins are transferred to the credit meter at the end of the base game and at the end of each stage in the feature. Jackpot feature round: A jackpot feature game can be triggered anytime, either during normal spin, autospin or after the free spin. The main game screen changes and the jackpot feature screen pops up. Play the jackpot feature to know which level you have won. Any bet is eligible for the jackpot. The larger is your wager on each game, the more chances you have of winning the jackpot. Bonus round features and free game features cannot win the jackpot amount. Choose six out of the nine available symbols to reveal the '$' signs. Each '$' sign awards one level of the Gold Jackpot. One '$' sign awards Gold Blitz Jackpot. Two '$' signs award Gold Quick Jackpot. Three '$' signs award Gold Super Jackpot. Four '$' signs award Gold Mega Jackpot. Tap on the 'COMPLETE' button to restore the main game screen. If you win multiple jackpots, the jackpot feature for the next jackpot will start after you tap on the 'COMPLETE' button. The current value of all four jackpot levels is shown at the top right-hand corner of the game screen. Each jackpot resets to its base value after any player has hit it. The reset value of all four jackpots is shown below. When the jackpot feature game is completed, the main game screen will be restored to its previous state. Jackpot wins will be credited to your account immediately. Return to the player: The theoretical return to player of this game is 93.27 %. FAQ’s: 1. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You will be able to view the result from game logs by logging to the website If you are disconnected in the middle of the feature round, you will be prompted to complete it after logging back in. After completing the feature round, you can continue game play, or you can select another game of your choice. 2. What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Go to the Cashier option and deposit 3. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. 4. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team. Last Modified date: 7/10/2017 The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 11/3/2020