Spin And Win Mobile Game Objective: Spin and win is a 5x3 reel 10 fixed paylines slot game with TheBigOne jackpot. There are only four symbols; two that pay, a blank, and a wheel scatter symbol. 3 or more Wheel symbols appear anywhere on the Reels triggers a Wheel Feature round. Game Information: Game is played with 10 fixed paylines. SPIN can be triggered by clicking on the spin button with the current selected BET and LINES. The ticker messages will appear below the reel set of game screen. Bet per Line can be changed by clicking on and changing the Bet Per Line meter. Payouts are displayed on the PAYTABLE. Whenever there is a win, the total BALANCE will update, and the amount won in the spin is shown in the WIN meter at the top of the game. The game and game rules are identical in both the real-money and play-money modes, except that autospin option will not be available in play-money mode. Play mode will be available only on desktop version. How to play: Spin: The SPIN button is at the bottom of the game screen in portrait mode and at the right side of the game screen in landscape mode. Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet is set. You can alter the bet per line by clicking on and changing the Bet per line meter as shown below. MAX BET: Click on MAX BET to select the maximum possible bet. If your balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled. AUTOSPIN:You can make use of this feature to select various options for 'hands free' game play. To make use of the ‘AUTOSPIN’ feature, tap on the button. When the Autospin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Tap on ‘OK’ to activate the selected options and start the spins. The available options under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will spin for the number of rotations selected from the Number of Spins Meter. You can choose maximum of 1000 spins and play until your balance is more than the total bet placed. For UKGC player, the number of spins available will be 100. Spin till Win equals or exceeds: The game will spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount entered in the text box. Spin till Loss not exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the loss limit is reached. Loss will be calculated with (Loss = Total bets - Total wins) Total bets=accumulated total bets Total wins=accumulated total wins (((Total bets- Total wins) + current game bet) <= Loss limit target) then next auto spin will be allowed.” Spin till feature trigger: The game will automatically spin until the next feature is triggered. Autospin game is terminated whenever TheBigOne Jackpot feature is triggered in-between the Autospins. When playing with multiple options and conditions selected, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be disabled. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again or opt for new option(s) and proceed with the game. Click on the STOP SPIN button to deactivate AUTOSPIN and the normal game will be restored. Tap on menu icon to view the options like Paytable, Bet setting, Autoplay, Setting button, i button and Cashier. Tap on the ‘Lobby’ o ption to navigate back to lobby screen. Tap on the 'PAYTABLE' option to view Paytable screen. Tap on the button to go back to the game play. Tap on the ‘Sound’ icon to play the game music and vice versa. Tap on the ‘Cashier’ option to navigate to deposit screen. Tap anywhere on the screen to come out from the options. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount you wagered on the previous spin. Just click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. To change your bet, increase or decrease the BET VALUE. ­All winning symbols will be animated in addition to jackpot location animation and background animations. The total win amount is shown in the WIN meter at the bottom of the screen. CREDITS: Your remaining game balance, after you have placed the desired bet, is shown in ‘BALANCE’ meter i.e. the current game balance minus the total bet placed. Tap on ‘Quick Spin’ icon to reduce the time of the spin. Game Rules: Spin And Win is a 5x3 reel slot game with 10 fixed paylines. All payouts are made according to the Paytable. Paytable will always show the win amount for the currently selected bet on 10 fixed paylines. MAX BET selects 10 lines and maximum bet per line value. Only the highest win on each selected payline is paid. Coinciding wins on different paylines are all added to your total balance. Bar and Cherry symbols pay when 3 or more identical symbols appear adjacent to one another on selected paylines. Wheel and O symbols do not have any payouts. When 3 or more Wheel symbols appear anywhere on the Reels will trigger a Wheel Feature round. All jackpot wins are credited to your account immediately. Theoretical return to player is 93.19%. Jackpot Contribution RTP is 1.88%. Feature Game Rules: Wheel Feature round is triggered when three or more Wheel symbols appear anywhere on the reels. Player needs to click on Spin button in order to spin the wheel. Player will be awarded with one spin for each wheel symbol appeared on Reels. The number on which wheel stops is the prize multiplier which will be multiplied by the triggering bet. Player will be awarded with any of these multipliers randomly. X1, X2, X3, X4, X5, X7, X10, X15, X20, X25, X50, X200.Wheel Bank counter will be displayed on top of the reels during the Feature game, which shows the cumulative total of the feature game win amounts. Jackpot game: The Big One jackpot can be triggered anytime, either during normal spin, autospin or after the feature game. The main screen then changes to jackpot screen after the user has won jackpot game in which all the jackpots and their values are listed on the left side area and a wheel is displayed on the right side area. There are 5 different jackpots, each of which has a unique colour. All five colours are shown on the wheel: The orange colour represents the Blitz Cash Jackpot. The red colour represents the Quick Cash Jackpot. The blue colour represents the Super Cash Jackpot. The green colour represents the Mega Cash Jackpot. The lavender colour represents the Colossal Cash Jackpot. The SPIN button is shown on the right side area. By clicking on the SPIN button, the wheel rotates and stops on a particular colour and the respective jackpot is awarded. When a particular jackpot is cracked, a pop-up is shown on the jackpot screen which displays the type of jackpot and the amount awarded. By clicking on 'OK' in the pop-up, it navigates to main game screen. If multiple jackpots are cracked at the same time, by clicking on 'OK' in the pop-up, the 'SPIN' button on the jackpot screen is enabled to continue further game play. You can see the current values of all five jackpots in the right side area of the main game screen. The more you wager, the higher your chances of cracking the jackpot will be. The cash will be credited to your account immediately. Return to the player: Theoretical return to player is 93.19%. Jackpot Contribution/RTP is 1.88%. Game History: Gameplay history can be accessed by logging into your account on the desktop website and choosing menu “Game logs” inside any game. FAQ’s: 1. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You will be able to view the result from game logs by logging to the website. If you are disconnected in the middle of the feature round, you will be prompted to complete it after logging back in. After completing the feature round, you can continue game play, or you can select another game of your choice. 2. What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Go to the Cashier option and deposit 3. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. 4. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000