Super Chip Stack Game Objective: Super Chip Stack is a three-reels slot game with 10 fixed pay lines. When the scatter symbols "SUPER," "CHIP," and "STACK" appear anywhere on the reel view, the Chip Stack bonus feature is triggered. How to play: Setting 'BETS': A default bet is set when a player begins the game. Players can change the bet value in desktop mode by clicking the + or - buttons, and in mobile mode by using the bet slider in the hamburger menu. MAX BET: Click on ‘MAX BET’ to wager the maximum bet. This option will be disabled if the player balance is insufficient. Spin: To begin the game with the presently selected BET, click the SPIN button. In desktop mode, the spin button is in the center of the screen. However, in mobile mode, it is at the bottom of the screen in portrait view and on the right side of the screen in landscape view. Repeat bet/Change bet: The bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount wagered on the previous spin. Just click on the 'SPIN' button to play with the same bet. Paytable: By clicking on the ‘i’ icon located above the bet panel, Players can access the Paytable screen. Players can return to the game by clicking the close icon on the Paytable screen. In mobile view, players can access the paytable by clicking the hamburger menu and selecting the paytable option. Volume: To mute or unmute the sounds, click on the volume icon. Credits: The remaining game balance is displayed under "BALANCE" after the desired stake has been placed and the reels have spun. The sum of the amounts displayed under the 'BALANCE' meter (includes total bet value) represents the player's current game balance. Game balance field is displayed at the bottom of the game screen. AUTOSPIN': Select the AUTOSPIN for hands-free play. To make use of the Auto spin feature, click on the 'AUTOSPIN' button in the bottom of the game screen. When the Auto spin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Select from the drop-down menu where applicable. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Similarly, click on Stop Auto spin button to stop the AUTO SPIN feature and return to the game screen. The available options under this feature are: When playing with multiple options and conditions selected, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be disabled. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again or opt for new option(s) and proceed with the game. 'AUTO SPIN' option will be disabled in the play-money mode. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount you wagered on the previous spin. Just click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. To change your bet, increase or decrease the Bet shown on the game screen. Game Settings: To configure Game Settings, click on the ‘Settings’ icon positioned at the bottom of the game screen between Paytable and Sound icons. Volume: The volume of the sound effects can be adjusted by using a slider. Sound effects: Turn On / Off the toggle to enable or disable the Sound effects like game win animation sounds. Ambience sound: Turn On / Off the toggle to enable or disable the game level background music. Quick spin : By checking this option, game play is faster than the regular spin and for UK player this option will be disabled. Space bar to spin: On selecting this option, the space bar can be used to initiate a spin. This option stays disabled if the intro video is not available for a game. Mobile Options: Tap the Hamburger Menu Icon to view options like Paytable, Bet settings , Settings, “i” icon and Cashier in mobile. Tap the Home option to navigate back to lobby screen. Tap the Paytable option to view Paytable screen. Tap the back button to go back to the game play. Tap the Volume icon to play game music (vice versa). Tap the ‘ $’ option to navigate to deposit screen. Game Rules: Main Game Super Chip Stack is a 3*3 slot game with 10 fixed pay lines. BET value can be changed by using ‘+’ and ‘-’ buttons. SPIN begins the game with the currently selected BET. To win, match three symbols on an active pay line. Pay line wins are multiplied by BET amount per line. Coinciding wins on different pay lines are added to the balance . All payouts are made according to the pay table. All symbols pay from left to right starting from left most reel including first reel. Wild symbol acts as a substitute for all other symbols except the scattered symbols “SUPER”, “CHIP” and “STACK”. On every spin the chips in the Chip Stack and Super Chip Stack holder moves one chip down and replaced by new chip at the top. When the scatter symbols "SUPER," "CHIP," and "STACK" appear anywhere on the reel view, the Chip Stack bonus feature is triggered. The Scatter symbols do not have any direct payout. The Multipliers on the Chip Stack and Super Chip Stack will be persistent with respective to the bets placed. The maximum win in this game is capped to 250,000 EUR or its equivalent amount in your currency during Main Game or Bonus Feature. Further line wins will be forfeited if the highest win is capped. The theoretical Return to Player is 94.85%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Bonus Feature Round The CHIP STACK contains random multipliers with 9 chips ranging from 5X to 99X (5x, 10x, 15x, 20x, 25x, 50x, 75x, 99x). The three bottom chips from the CHIP STACK are shuffled and shown in random order by hiding multiplier values. Player can select one among three hidden chips to reveal the Multiplier. The selected chip values are multiplied by the bet per line awarded to player. Three new chips are added to the top of the stack revealing new multipliers, which may include “COLLECT” or “SUPER CHIP” or “Both”. If the selected chip by the player is a Super Chip, then the game switches to Super Chip Stack where the multiplier values are much higher. The Super CHIP STACK contains random multipliers with 9 chips ranging from 100X to 9999X (100x, 250x, 500x, 750x, 1000x, 2500x, 5000x, 7500x, 9999x). The three bottom chips from the CHIP STACK are shuffled and shown in random order by hiding multiplier values. Player can select one among three hidden chips to reveal the Multiplier. The selected chip values are multiplied by the bet per line awarded to player. Three new chips are added to the top of the stack revealing new multipliers, which may include “COLLECT”. At any stage, bonus round comes to an end, If the player selects ‘COLLECT’ in Chip Stack/Super Chip Stack round or after 10 successful rounds. After completing one round of SUPER CHIP STACK, the player is automatically returned to where they left off in the CHIP STACK round. The amount won will be added to the Total Win. All multipliers win amounts will be accumulate and award to the player when the bonus round concludes. Once the bonus round concludes, the multiplier values on the Chips Stack and Super Chip stack will be reset. Browser Button Panel Commands: Click on Game Rules to view the detailed rules of the game as a web page. Click on Game Logs to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on Responsible Gaming to open Responsible Gaming page. Click on Real/Play to switch between real-money or play-money mode. Click on Star to add or remove the game from your favorites. Click on the ‘ Deposit’ button to deposit money into your account. The Game logs functionality is applicable only for real-money game play. Return to the player: The theoretical return to player of the main game is 94.85%. FAQ’s: 1. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game Logs' button once you have logged back in. 2.What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Click on ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit. 3. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Service team.