Scorching Fruits40 Game Objective: Scorching Fruits 40 is a 5*4 reel , The Game can be played with minimum 10 lines and lines can be increased on the multiples of 10 until the max number 40 lines is reached . Symbols pay from left to right. When three or more Scattered Star symbols appear anywhere in view will not award any free spins but will pay according to the pay table. The wild symbol substitutes for all other symbols, except for scattered Star symbols . How to play: Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet is set. You can change the bet value by clicking the + or - buttons either side of the BET meter. MAX BET: Click on ‘MAX BET’ to select the maximum possible bet. If your balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled. Paytable: The Paytable can be viewed by clicking on the ‘ i ’ button located in a panel beside the bet panel. You can go back to the game by clicking on the back on the Paytable screen. Spin: The SPIN button in the middle starts the game. Volume: The volume icon will play the game music. Click on the Volume icon to mute the volume. CREDITS: Your remaining game balance after you have placed the desired bet is shown in ‘BALANCE’ meter i.e. the current game balance minus the total bet placed. 'AUTOSPIN': Select the AUTOSPIN for hands-free play. To make use of the Auto spin feature, click on the 'AUTOSPIN' button in the bottom of the game screen. When the Auto spin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Select from the drop-down menu where applicable. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Similarly, click on Stop Auto spin button to stop the AUTO SPIN feature and return to the game screen. For UK players this option will be disabled. The available options under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will spin for the number of rotations selected from the slider menu. You can choose a maximum of 1000 spins and play until your balance is more than the total bet placed. Spin till Win equals or exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the win amount is equals or exceeds the amount entered. Spin till Loss not exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the loss limit is reached. Loss will be calculated with (Loss = Total bets - Total wins) Total bets=accumulated total bets Total wins=accumulated total wins (((Total bets- Total wins) + current game bet) When playing with multiple options and conditions selected, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be disabled. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again or opt for new option(s) and proceed with the game. 'AUTO SPIN' option will be disabled in the play-money mode. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount you wagered on the previous spin. Just click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. To change your bet, increase or decrease the Bet shown on the game screen. Credits: After you have placed the desired bet, your remaining game balance is shown under ‘BALANCE’. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the ‘BALANCE’ meter and the 'BET' meter. Your game balance is shown at the bottom of the game screen. Game Settings: To make use of Game Settings, click on the ‘settings button’ at the bottom of the game screen in between Paytable and Sound icons. Volume: Players can set the volume of the sound effects and ambience by sliding using the volume button. Sound effects: Toggle between On / Off to enable or disable the game win animation sounds. Ambience sound: Toggle between On / Off to enable or disable the game background sound. Quick spin: By checking this option, game play is faster than the regular spin and for UK player this option will be in disabled mode. Space bar to spin: By checking this option, the space bar can be used to trigger a spin. This option stays disabled if the intro video is not available for a game. Game Rules: Scorching Fruit 40 is a 5*4-reel slot game. The Game can be played with minimum 10 lines and lines can be increased on the multiples of 10 until the max number 40 lines is reached. BET amount can be changed by using the ‘-‘ and ‘+’ buttons. SPIN begins the game with the currently selected BET and LINES. All Payouts are made according to the Pay table. All Symbols pays from left to right, starting with the left most reel except the Scattered Star symbol which pays in anywhere in the reel. Coinciding wins on different lines are all added to your total. Only the highest win on each possible winning combination will be paid. Pay line wins are multiplied by Bet per line for all the symbols except for Scattered Star symbol. Scatter wins are multiplied by total bet and added to other pay line wins. 7 Wild Logo is a wild symbol and substitutes for all other symbols except for Scattered Star symbol. 3 or more Scattered Star symbols will pay according to the paytable. The min bet is 0.01€ and the max bet is1000€. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The theoretical return to the player ranges from 90.01% to 95.8%. Browser Button Panel Commands: Click on Game Rules to view the detailed rules of the game as web page. Click on Game Logs to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on Real/Play to switch between real-money or play-money mode. Click on the Deposit button to deposit money into your account. The Game Logs functionality is applicable only for the real-money game play. FAQ’s: 1.I could not complete the game. What should I do? If player get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play for you. Player will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game logs' button once players logged back in. 2. What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Click on ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit. 3. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Service team.