Spin Bandit Game Objective: Spin Bandit is a 5x3 reels 10 fixed paylines slot game with TheBigOne jackpot. There are only four symbols two that pay, a blank, and a Minislot machine symbol. 3 or more Minislot machine symbols appear anywhere on the Reels triggers a Minislot Feature round. Paytable Winlines Game Information: Game is played with 10 fixed paylines. SPIN can be triggered by clicking on the spin button with the current selected BET. Payouts are displayed on the PAYTABLE. Whenever there is a win, the total BALANCE will update, and the amount won in the spin is shown in the WIN meter at the bottom of the game. The game and game rules are identical in both the real-money and play-money modes. The Big One jackpot: The Big One jackpot consists of five jackpots at different levels; the levels are - from the lowest to the highest – the Blitz Cash Jackpot, the Quick Cash Jackpot, the Super Cash Jackpot, the Mega Cash Jackpot and the Colossal Cash Jackpot. All five jackpots grow progressively as bets are placed. For each spin, the house adds a small credit to each of the five running jackpots. All five levels in The Big One jackpot can be won irrespective of hitting any winning combination, while betting any amount. Jackpot is triggered randomly. The larger the wager, the higher the chances to win a jackpot. If there is a jackpot which has triggered during the main game which also triggers Bonus game, then the jackpot feature is played and shown after the Bonus game play. How to play: Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet is set. You can change the bet per win by clicking the or buttons available on either side of the BET meter. LINES: Ten lines are selected by default. Lines are fixed and lines count cannot be changed. The Total bet is 10 times the bet per line and is shown near BET in the lower left of the screen. MAX BET: Click on MAX BET to select the maximum possible bet. If your balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled. Paytable: The Paytable can be viewed either by clicking the button located in bottom of game screen beside ‘BET’ label or by clicking button located at the bottom of the screen beside Lines. The prizes displayed in the Paytable are per unit bet, and this game has dynamic Paytable and payouts shown in the Paytable are multiplied with the bet. You can navigate to all screens of Paytable by clicking on and buttons. You can go back to the game by clicking on the button on the Paytable screen. Spin: The SPIN button in the lower right corner starts the game. Volume: icon will play the game music. Click on icon will mute the volume . Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount you wagered on the previous spin. Just click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. ­To change your bet, increase or decrease the Bet shown on the game screen. Credits: After you have placed the desired bet, your remaining game balance is shown under ‘BALANCE’. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the ‘BALANCE’ meter and the 'BET' meter. Your game balance is shown at the bottom of the game screen. Game Settings: Volume: Player can set the volume of the sound effects and ambience by sliding through the Volume button. Sound effects: Toggle between On / Off to enable or disable the game win animation sounds. Spacebar to spin: By checking this option, Spacebar key can be used to trigger a spin. Game Rules: Spin Bandit is a 5x3 reel slot game with 10 fixed paylines. All payouts are made according to the Paytable. Paytable will always show the win amount for the currently selected bet on 10 fixed paylines. Only the highest win on each payline is paid. Coinciding wins on different paylines are added to your total balance. Bar and Star symbols pay left to right, right to left and middle when 3 or more identical symbols appear adjacent to one another on paylines. When the player wins 5 of a kind for either “Bar or Star”, the payout will be awarded only once either left to right or right to left but not for the both at the same time. Minislot machine and O symbols do not have any payouts. When 3 or more Minislot machine symbols appear anywhere on the reels triggers Minislot Feature. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Theoretical return to player is 93.33%. Jackpot Contribution RTP is 3.004%. Feature Game Rules: Minislot feature round will be triggered when three or more Minislot symbols appear anywhere on the reels. Free spins are played at the lines and bet of the triggering spin. Player needs to click on Spin button in order to play the Minislot. Player will be able to play until player gets a no win for each Minislot view appeared on reels. During the Minislot Feature triggered, player can play the feature game one by one and the wins are added at the end of each feature game. All wins are paid accordance with feature game payouts in the Paytable. Feature paytable represents the multipliers awarded for mini slot symbol for 3 of a kind. Win amount for each round of Minislot will be displayed above the Minislot machine during the Bonus game, which shows the cumulative win amount for total number of rounds awarded to each Minislot appeared in the reels. Total feature win amount will be displayed below the Minislot machine during the feature game, which shows the cumulative total of the feature game win amounts. Jackpot game: The Big One jackpot can be triggered anytime, either during normal spin or after the feature game. The main screen then changes to jackpot screen after the user has won jackpot game in which all the jackpots and their values are listed on the right-side area and a wheel is displayed on the left side area. There are 5 different jackpots, each of which has a unique color. All five colors are shown on the wheel: The orange color represents the Blitz Cash Jackpot. The red color represents the Quick Cash Jackpot. The blue color represents the Super Cash Jackpot. The green color represents the Mega Cash Jackpot. The lavender color represents the Colossal Cash Jackpot. The spin button is shown in the middle of the bottom area. By clicking on the SPIN button, the wheel rotates and stops on a color and the respective jackpot is awarded. You can see the current values of all five jackpots on the main game screen. Big One Jackpots have two pools for each jackpot tier, current instance pool and reserve pool. During game play a % of the total bet (mentioned below) is contributed towards both the pools. Jackpot Name Initial Seed (CAD) Instance Contribution % Reserve Contribution % The Big One Colossal Cash C$640,000.00 0.564% 1.6% The Big One Mega Cash C$20,000.00 0.1% 0.125% The Big One Super Cash C$1,500.00 0.08% 0.015% The Big One Quick Cash C$400.00 0.1% 0.1% The Big One Blitz Cash C$80.00 0.12% 0.2% Each jackpot starts with initial seed amount. Initial Jackpot seed is funded by “The House”, and the subsequent instances are funded from reserve pool, the amount accumulated in reserve pool becomes the next seed. Big One jackpots are played across multiple games and all games have equal probability of winning the jackpot. A jackpot instance can only be won by one player, and this applies for all Jackpot tiers. In-case of network disconnections during the Jackpot wheel feature, jackpot win will be credited to player account balance automatically. The jackpot is triggered randomly. The number of spins awarded in jackpot screen equals the number of jackpots awarded. Only real money play will contribute to the jackpot amount. Jackpot contributions and triggering will not be applicable for games played on "play for fun/demo" mode The maximum jackpot amount a player can get from each of the above jackpot is 5,000,000 CAD. Jackpot Contribution/RTP is 3.004%. Browser Button Panel Commands: Click on Game Rules to view the detailed rules of the game as web page. Click on Game Logs to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on Responsible Gaming to open Responsible Gaming page. Click on Real/Play to switch between real-money or play-money mode. Click on the Deposit button to deposit money into your account. The Game logs functionality is applicable only for the real-money game play. Return to the Player: Theoretical return to player is 93.33%. Jackpot Contribution/RTP is 3.004%. FAQ’s: 1. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game logs' button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected in the middle of the bonus round, you will be prompted to complete it after logging back in. After completing the bonus round, you can continue game play, or you can select another game of your choice. 2. What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Click on ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit. 3. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. 4. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team.