Solar Flare Main Game Screen Game Objective: Solar Flare is a five-reel slot game featuring The Big One jackpot. It has 5 fixed paylines and a Gamble feature. You win based on the combination of the various symbols displayed on the selected winning payline(s). Payta ble Paylines Game Information: The game is played with 5 fixed lines. When you enter the game a default total bet is set. The total BET is the number of fixed lines multiplied by the selected BET/LINE. The BET/LINE can be changed by using the and buttons. SPIN can be triggered by clicking on the Spin button with the currently selected BET. Payline wins are multiplied by the ‘bet per line’ amount and are added to other payline wins. The highest win amount is paid on each selected payline. Wins on different lines are added. All symbols pay from left to right. All winning symbols will be animated in addition to background animations. The ticker messages will appear on the bottom of game screen. Whenever there is a win, the total BALANCE will update, and the amount won in the spin will be shown in the WIN bar at the bottom of the game. The game and game rules are identical in both the real-money and play-money modes, except that the auto spin option will not be available in play-money mode. How to play: Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet/line is set for all 5 lines on the slot machine. You can increase the bet/line by clicking the button to the right of 'BET/LINE', or you can decrease the bet/line by clicking the button to the left. The bet will not be adjusted to the next possible bet if your balance drops below total bet placed. In this case click on the button shown at the bottom of the game screen. LINES: Five lines are fixed by default. MAX BET: To play with MAX BET, click on . If your balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled. The number of lines are multiplied by the 'BET/LINE'. The total bet amount is displayed below the 'BET' label, which can be found at the bottom of the game screen. Paytable: The paytable can be viewed by clicking button located at the bottom of the screen next to the game settings button. The prizes displayed in the paytable are per unit bet, and are shown as multipliers. To get the effective payout per line, multiply the respective prize by the bet per line. You can go back to the game by clicking on the button on the paytable screen. Spin: Click on the SPIN icon to start spinning the reels. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines will be paid according to the paytable. Result: Wins are indicated by yellow boxes with animated symbols inside it, with the total win amount being shown at the bottom of the screen below 'WIN'. Volume: The icon will play the game music. Click on the icon to mute the volume . AUTO SPIN: You can use this feature to choose all or any of the various options for 'hands free' game play. The available options under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will spin for the number of rotations selected from the slider menu. You can choose a maximum of 1000 spins and play until your balance is more than the total bet placed. Under UKGC regulations, the number of spins available will be set to a maximum of 100. Spin till Win equals or exceeds: The game will spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount entered in the numeric text box. Spin till Loss not exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the loss limit is reached. The loss will be calculated with (Loss = Total bets - Total wins) Total bets=accumulated total bets Total wins=accumulated total wins (((Total bets- Total wins) + current game bet) <= Loss limit target) then the next auto spin will be allowed. The auto spin game is terminated whenever The Big One jackpot is triggered during the auto spin game. Autospin Panel To make use of the auto spin feature, click on the 'AUTO SPIN' button at the bottom of the game screen. When the auto spin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Select from the drop-down menu where applicable. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Similarly, click on the stop auto spin button to stop the AUTO SPIN feature and return to the game screen. When playing with multiple options and conditions selected, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be disabled. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again or opt for new option(s) and proceed with the game. The 'AUTO SPIN' option will be disabled in the play-money mode. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount you wagered on the previous spin. Simply click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. ­To change your bet, increase or decrease the bet shown on the game screen. Credits: After you have placed the desired bet, your remaining game balance is shown under ‘BALANCE’. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the ‘BALANCE’ meter and the 'BET' meter. Your game balance is shown at the bottom of the game screen. Game Settings: To make use of game settings, click on the game settings button at the bottom of the game screen between the paytable and sound icons. Volume: Players can set the volume of the sound effects by sliding through the volume button. Sound effects: Toggle between on / off to enable or disable the game win animation sounds. Ambient sound: Toggle between on / off to enable or disable the game background sound. Quick spin: By checking this option, game play is faster than the regular spin. Space bar to spin: By checking this option, space bar key can be used to trigger a spin. If Gamble is enabled, Spacebar to spin will auto collect the win amount. Gamble feature: This check box is used to enable or disable the Gamble feature. Advanced Settings Panel Game Rules: The game is played with 5 fixed lines. The total bet is 5 times of the selected bet/line. Click on SPIN button to begin the game. All symbols pay from left to right starting with the left most reel. The highest win amount is paid on each selected payline. Wins on different lines are added. Payline wins are multiplied by the ‘bet per line’ amount and are added to other payline wins. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. The theoretical return to player of this game is 94.97 %. Jackpot Contribution/RTP is 1.88 %. Gamble Feature: The Gamble feature will be enabled only if the game win is less than EUR 140.00 or its equivalent amount in your currency. Players can choose either Card Gamble or Ladder Gamble. During auto spin, Card Gamble and Ladder Gamble are not offered for any win. Players can choose to exit the Gamble feature at any time during the Gamble game by clicking on the collect button. The highest possible win in Card and Ladder gamble is EUR 140.00 or its equivalent amount in your currency as shown in the Gamble screen. If a player does not choose any of the Gamble options within 10 seconds, the Gamble round will be terminated and the win amount will be added to the player’s account balance. Ladder Gamble: Players can enter Ladder Gamble by clicking on the Ladder button. The Ladder Gamble consists of three buttons: Collect, 1:1 and Partial Collect. Clicking on 1:1 button starts the Gamble round. The highlighted value on the ladder indicates the current win and the flashing values indicate the next possible outcome. Flashing of the values on the ladder is based on player’s game win. If the game win value matches any value on the ladder, that value is highlighted on the ladder; and the immediate higher and immediate lower values will flash. If the game win value doesn’t match any value on the ladder, no value is highlighted; and only the immediate higher and the immediate lower values of the game win will flash. On continuing with Gamble: If the current win value highlighted on the ladder is below mystery, then the immediate higher and EUR 0.00 values will flash. If the current win value highlighted on the ladder is EUR 4.00 (its equivalent amount in your currency as shown in the Gamble screen), the immediate higher and EUR 0.00 values will flash. If the current win value highlighted on the ladder is greater than EUR 4.00 (its equivalent amount in your currency as shown in the gamble screen), the lowest value higher than the current win and the highest or the second highest value lower than the current win will flash. The selection between the two flashing values is not equally probable. However, the return from the gamble feature is 100%. By clicking the "Partial Collect" button in the Ladder Gamble, the highlighted win amount is lowered by one-step and the saved stake will be shown in win ticker area and then the Gamble continues with the remaining amount. At the end of the Gamble the saved stake (which is shown in the win ticker area) and the Gamble win (if any) will be added to the balance. The partial collect button is disabled in below 3 cases: If the game win value does not match the values on the ladder, when starting the Ladder Gamble. If the highlighted value on the ladder is EUR 0.15 or its equivalent amount in your currency as shown in Gamble screen. On winning Mystery. On winning Mystery: The collect and partial collect buttons are disabled. The 10-second timer is disabled. All of the values above the mystery will flash, except for the highest two prizes. On clicking 1:1, one of the flashing values will be highlighted, indicating the current win and the Gamble feature will continue. In all other cases, on clicking the collect button, the highlighted value will be credited to the balance. At any time during the Gamble, players can choose to collect. By clicking the collect button, players will be credited with the highlighted value on the ladder and will leave the Ladder Gamble. The Ladder Gamble will end: If the player wins the highest possible value on the ladder or If player clicks on collect or If player ends up with the EUR 0.00 value on the ladder. If a player does not choose any of the ladder options within 10 seconds, the Gamble round will be terminated and the win amount will be added to the player’s account balance. Card Gamble: Players can enter the Card Gamble by clicking on the card button. The Card Gamble consists of four buttons: Red, Black, Collect and Partial Collect. A maximum of 6 cards are shown in previous Gamble cards history. Any win under EUR 140 or its equivalent amount in your currency can be gambled. When a player selects Black or Red in Card Gamble, it randomly displays a Red or Black card. (Selects each card regardless of history). If a player chooses correct colour, it doubles their Gamble amount, otherwise the Gamble amount is lost. You can gamble up to four times in succession. The partial collect button will be available to players from the first round onwards. The partial collect button will be disabled if the win is less than or equal to EUR 0.10 or its equivalent value in your currency as shown in the Gamble screen. If partial collect is selected, 50% of the win will be banked and the Gamble will resume with the remaining 50% (half amount). At any stage during the Gamble, the player can select partial collect. If 50% of the win amount has more than 2 decimals, the win amount will be rounded off. At any time during the Gamble, the player can click on the collect button and the current collect value will be added to the player’s account balance. If player does not choose any of the card options within 10 seconds, the Gamble round will be terminated and the win amount will be added to the player’s account balance. Jackpot Game: Jackpot Feature Round The Big One jackpot can be triggered anytime, either during normal spin, auto spin or after the Gamble feature. If the jackpot is triggered when the Gamble feature is also triggered the jackpot will be played after completion of the Gamble feature. The main screen then changes to the jackpot screen after the player has won the jackpot game in which all of the jackpots and their values are listed on the left side and a wheel is displayed on the right side. There are 5 different jackpots, each of which has a unique colour. All five colours are shown on the wheel: The orange colour represents the Blitz Cash Jackpot. The red colour represents the Quick Cash Jackpot. The blue colour represents the Super Cash Jackpot. The green colour represents the Mega Cash Jackpot. The lavender colour represents the Colossal Cash Jackpot. The SPIN button is shown on the middle of the control panel. By clicking on the SPIN button, the wheel rotates and stops on a particular colour and the respective jackpot is awarded. When a particular jackpot is cracked, a pop-up is shown on the jackpot screen which displays the type of jackpot and the amount awarded. By clicking on 'OK' in the pop-up, it navigates to the main game screen. If multiple jackpots are cracked at the same time, by clicking on 'OK' in the pop-up, the 'SPIN' button on the jackpot screen is enabled to continue further game play. You can see the current values of all five jackpots in the top area of the main game screen. The more you wager, the higher your chances of cracking the jackpot will be. The cash will be credited to your account immediately. Browser Panel Commands: Main Game Menu Options Click on Responsible Gaming to navigate to the Responsible Gaming page. Click on Game Rules to view game rules of the game. Click on Game logs to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on Deposit button to add funds to your account. Click on Real/Play to switch between real-money or play-money game modes. The Game logs functionality is applicable only for the real-money game play. Return to the player: The theoretical return to player of this game is 94.97 %. Jackpot Contribution/RTP is 1.88 %. FAQ’s: 1. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game logs' button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected in the middle of the Gamble feature, you will be prompted to complete it after logging back in. After completing the Gamble feature, you can continue game play, or you can select another game of your choice. 2. What should I do if the balance is too low to place a bet? Click on the ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit. 3. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. 4. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Service team. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000