scorchingfruits40mobile Game Objective: Scorching Fruits 40 is a 5*4 reel , The Game can be played with minimum 10 lines and lines can be increased on the multiples of 10 until the max number 40 lines is reached . Symbols pay from left to right. When three or more Scattered Star symbols appear anywhere in view will not award any free spins but will pay according to the pay table. The wild symbol substitutes for all other symbols, except for scattered Star symbols. How to play: Spin: The SPIN button is at the bottom of the game screen in portrait mode and at the right side of the game screen in landscape mode. Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet is set. You can alter the bet by tapping hamburger menu and changing the bet meter. MAX BET: Click on MAX BET to select the maximum possible bet. If your balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled. AUTO SPIN: You can make use of this feature to select various options for 'hands free' game play. To make use of the ‘AUTO SPIN’ feature, tap the Auto spin button. When the auto spin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you would like to play with. Tap on ‘OK’ to activate the selected options and start the spins. The available options under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will spin for the number of rotations selected from the slider menu. You can choose a maximum of 1000 spins and play until your balance is more than the total bet placed. For UKGC players the number of Auto spins available will be 100. Spin till Win equals or exceeds: The game will spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount entered in the numeric text box. Spin till Loss not exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the loss limit is reached. Loss will be calculated with (Loss = Total bets - Total wins) Total bets=accumulated total bets Total wins=accumulated total wins (((Total bets- Total wins) + current game bet) When playing with multiple options and conditions selected, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be disabled. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again or opt for new option(s) and proceed with the game. Tap the STOP SPIN button to deactivate AUTO SPIN and the normal game will be restored. Tap the Hamburger Menu Icon to view options such as the Paytable, bet settings, auto spin, settings, i button and Cashier. Tap the Home option to navigate back to lobby screen. Tap the Paytable option to view Paytable screen. Tap back button to go back to the game play. Tap the Volume icon to play the game music and vice versa. Tap the ‘$’ option to navigate to deposit screen. Tap anywhere on the screen to come out from the options. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount you wagered on the previous spin. Simply tap 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. To change your bet, increase or decrease the BET VALUE. Game Rules: Scorching Fruit 40 is a 5*4-reel slot game. The Game can be played with minimum 10 lines and lines can be increased on the multiples of 10 until the max number 40 lines is reached. BET amount can be changed by using the ‘-‘ and ‘+’ buttons. SPIN begins the game with the currently selected BET and LINES. All Payouts are made according to the Pay table. All Symbols pays from left to right, starting with the left most reel except the Scattered Star symbol which pays in anywhere in the reel. Coinciding wins on different lines are all added to your total. Only the highest win on each possible winning combination will be paid. Pay line wins are multiplied by Bet per line for all the symbols except for Scattered Star symbol. Scatter wins are multiplied by total bet and added to other pay line wins. 7 Wild Logo is a wild symbol and substitutes for all other symbols except for Scattered Star symbol. 3 or more Scattered Star symbols will not award any free spins but will pay according to the paytable. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The theoretical return to the player ranges from 90.01% to 95.8%. FAQ’s: I could not complete the game. What should I do? If player get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play for you. Player will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game logs' button once players logged back in. What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Go to the Cashier option $ and deposit. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Service team.