The Terminator™ I’ll Be Back Game Objective: Terminator ™ is a five reel, 20 payline slot game with bonus game & re-spin features. When 3 or more scatter terminator ™ symbols appear anywhere on the reel view, Feature game gets activated and the player has a choice to shoot one terminator™ among the 5 terminator™ options. A random free spins of 5, 7, 10, 12 or 15 spins will be awarded to the player. Free spins can be re-triggered with in free spins. When a wild I’LL BE BACK appears on the reel view, a re-spin will be awarded. Game Information: Game is played with 20 fixed lines. BET amount can be changed by using the and buttons. SPIN can be triggered by clicking on the spin button with the current selected BET. Payouts are displayed on the PAYTABLE. Payline wins are multiplied by the amount ‘bet per line’ and gets added to other payline wins. Highest win amount is paid on each selected payline. Coinciding wins on different bet lines are all added to your total. Scatter (terminator™ symbol) wins are multiplied by total bet and added to the payline wins. All symbols pay from left to right, except scattered terminator™ symbol, which pays anywhere in view. The ticker messages will appear below the reel set of game screen. Win amount will be added to the balance and amount won for the spin will be shown on the WIN meter on right side of the screen How to Play: Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet per payline is set for all 20 lines on the slot machine. You can increase the bet per line by clicking the button to the right of 'BET', or you can decrease the bet by clicking the button to the left. Bet and lines will not get adjusted to the next possible bet, if your balance drops below total bet placed, then click on button to deposit. MAX BET: To play with MAX BET, click on . If your balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled. The total bet amount is displayed beside the 'BET' label, which can be found at the bottom of the game screen. Paytable: The Paytable can be viewed either by clicking the button located in bottom of game screen beside ‘BET’ label or by clicking button located at the bottom of the screen beside the Line meter. The prizes displayed in the Paytable are per unit bet, and are shown as multipliers. To get the effective payout per line, multiply the respective prize with the bet per line. You can go back to the game by clicking on the button on the Paytable screen. Clicking on the button will open the rules screen along with Paytable and allow you to read the game rules. Spin: Click on SPIN icon to start spinning the reels. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines and any scatter wins will be paid according to the Paytable. Result: Any wins are indicated by their paylines highlighted and winning symbols animated. The individual pay line wins are shown at the end of each winning line. Total win amount for the spin will be shown on the WIN label. Volume: icon will play the game music. Click on icon will mute the volume . AUTOSPIN: You can use this feature to choose all or any of the various options for 'hands free' game play. The available options under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will spin for the number of rotations selected from the slider menu. You can choose up to 1000 spins and play until your balance is less than the total bet placed. If win equals or exceeds: The game will spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount entered in the numeric text box. If loss not exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the loss limit is reached. Loss will be calculated with (Loss = Total bets - Total wins) Total bets=accumulated total bets Total wins=accumulated total wins (((Total bets - Total wins) + current game bet) <= Loss limit target) then next autospin will be allowed. If feature trigger: The game will spin until the next feature is triggered. To make use of the Autospin feature, click on the 'AUTOSPIN' button in the bottom left of the game screen. When the Autospin window opens, Click on ‘More’ to show the extra options. Check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Click on the text box and enter the limit amount you want to play with. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Similarly, click on ‘X’ button to skip the AUTOSPIN' feature and return to the game screen. When playing with multiple options and conditions selected, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be disabled. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again or opt for new option(s) and proceed with the game. 'AUTOSPIN' option is not available in the play-money mode. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount you wagered on the previous spin. Just click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. ­To change your bet, increase or decrease the Bet shown on the game screen. Credits: After you have placed the desired bet, your remaining game balance is shown under ‘BALANCE’. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the ‘BALANCE’ meter and the 'BET' meter. Your game balance is shown at the bottom of the game screen. Game Settings: Volume: Player can set the volume of the sound effects and ambience by sliding through the Volume button. Sound effects: Toggle between on / off to enable or disable the game win animation sounds. Ambience sound: Toggle between on / off to enable or disable the game background sound. Quick spin: By checking this option, game play is faster than the regular spin and for UK player this option will be in disabled mode. Spacebar to spin: By checking this option, Spacebar key can be used to trigger a spin. Intro Screen: Option will be disabled in advanced settings menu as the help page is not available for the game. Intro Movie: By checking this option, game intro video will be played on game launch. This option stays disabled, if intro video is not available for a game. Browser panel commands: Click on Responsible Gaming to navigate to the Responsible gaming page. Click on Game logs to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on Game Rules to view the current version number & game rules of the game. Click on Deposit button to deposit to your account. Click on Real/Play to switch to real-money or play-money game mode. The Game logs functionality is applicable only for the real-money game play. Game Rules: Player can play the game with 20 fixed lines. Payouts are made according to the Pay table. SPIN begins the game with the currently selected BET. MAX BET selects 20 lines and maximum bet per line. Payline wins are multiplied by the amount with bet per line. Highest win amount is paid on each selected pay line. Coinciding wins on different lines are all added to your total. Scatter wins are multiplied by total bet and added to pay line wins. All symbols pay Left to Right, except scattered terminator™ symbols which pays anywhere in view. Wild (I’LL BE BACK) symbol substitutes for all other symbols except scatter terminator™ symbols. I’LL BE BACK feature: Any wild I'LL BE BACK triggers the RE-SPIN FEATURE. Each I'LL BE BACK symbol awards one free re-spin. Win up to 5 re-spins. When I'LL BE BACK symbol appears all symbols on that reel remain held in place until the end of the re-spins. More re-spins can be won during the RE-SPIN FEATURE. Re-Spins are played with bet of the triggering spins. Terminator™ bonus game: When 3 or more scatter(Terminator™) symbols appear on the game screen, A bonus game will be triggered with the 5 terminator™ options Player can win 5, 7, 10, 12 or 15 free spins by shooting any 1 Terminator™. During free spins, a full reel terminator™ wild symbol may appear anywhere on the reel and replace symbols on the reels except scatter symbols. Any scatter symbol covered under full reel terminator™ will be counted as scatter win and retrigger. I’LL BE BACK RE-SPIN FEATURE can be triggered during bonus game and it awards a re-spin. During free spins, Wild (Full Reel Terminator™) symbols may appear anywhere on the reels, which acts as a wild and replaces all the symbols on those reels. If 3 or more Terminator™ scatter symbols appear during the Bonus game and if the scatter symbol is covered by Full Reel Terminator™ symbol, then: Wild symbol (Full Reel Terminator™) payoff is also awarded. Scatter win is paid as per Paytable and original number of free spins will be awarded. A maximum of 3 bonus rounds can be triggered, when: 3 or more scatter Terminator™ symbols appear along with I'LL BE BACK symbol(s) during normal spin. 3 or more scatter Terminator™ symbols appear during the re-spins. The first Bonus game will be played after completion of all the re-spins. Next bonus round will start after completing the previous bonus round. Return to the player: The theoretical return to player of this game is 94.88%. FAQ’s: 1. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game logs' button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected in the middle of the feature round, you will be prompted to complete it after logging back in. After completing the feature round, you can continue game play, or you can select another game of your choice. 2. What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Click on ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit. 3. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. 4. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team. Last modification date: 28/5/2018. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/5/2020