The Luck of Love Game Objective: The Luck of Love is a 5x3 reels slot game with 10 fixed paylines. Free spins feature is triggered when 3 or more scatter (Devil) symbols land in view. The “Valentine Feature” is activated when Golden Rose appears anywhere in the reel view. During the feature Girl symbol will collect the golden rose and moves to valentine feature. How to play: Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet is set. You can change the bet value by clicking the + or - buttons either side of the BET meter. MAX BET: Click on ‘MAX BET’ to select the maximum possible bet. If your balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled. Paytable: The Paytable can be viewed by clicking on the ‘ i ’ button located in a panel beside the bet panel. You can go back to the game by clicking on the back on the Paytable screen. Spin: The SPIN button in the middle starts the game. Volume: The volume icon will play the game music. Click on the Volume icon to mute the volume. CREDITS: Your remaining game balance after you have placed the desired bet is shown in ‘BALANCE’ meter i.e., the current game balance minus the total bet placed. 'AUTOSPIN': Select the AUTOSPIN for hands-free play. To make use of the Auto spin feature, click on the 'AUTOSPIN' button in the bottom of the game screen. When the Auto spin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Select from the drop-down menu where applicable. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Similarly, click on Stop Auto spin button to stop the AUTO SPIN feature and return to the game screen. For UK players this option will be disabled. The available options under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will spin for the number of rotations selected from the slider menu. You can choose a maximum of 1000 spins and play until your balance is more than the total bet placed. Spin till Win equals or exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the win amount is equals or exceeds the amount entered. Spin till Loss not exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the loss limit is reached. Loss will be calculated with (Loss = Total bets - Total wins) Total bets=accumulated total bets Total wins=accumulated total wins (((Total bets- Total wins) + current game bet) If feature trigger: The game will spin until the next feature is triggered. The Auto Spin game is terminated whenever Hot Spin feature is triggered during the Auto Spin feature. When playing with multiple options and conditions selected, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be disabled. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again or opt for new option(s) and proceed with the game. 'AUTO SPIN' option will be disabled in the play-money mode. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount you wagered on the previous spin. Just click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. To change your bet, increase or decrease the Bet shown on the game screen. Credits: After you have placed the desired bet, your remaining game balance is shown under ‘BALANCE’. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the ‘BALANCE’ meter and the 'BET' meter. Your game balance is shown at the bottom of the game screen. Game Settings: To make use of Game Settings, click on the ‘settings button’ at the bottom of the game screen in between Paytable and Sound icons. Volume: Players can set the volume of the sound effects and ambience by sliding using the volume button. Sound effects: Toggle between On / Off to enable or disable the game win animation sounds. Ambience sound: Toggle between On / Off to enable or disable the game background sound. Quick spin: By checking this option, game play is faster than the regular spin and for UK player this option will be in disabled mode. Space bar to spin: By checking this option, the space bar can be used to trigger a spin. This option stays disabled if the intro video is not available for a game. Game Rules: The Luck of Love is a 5-reel slot game with 10 Fixed paylines. All payouts are made according to the paytable. Paytable will show the win amount for the currently selected bet on 10 fixed paylines. SPIN begins the game with the currently selected BET and 10 fixed LINES. MAX BET selects 10 Fixed lines and maximum bet/line value. Only the highest win on each payline is paid. Coinciding wins on different paylines are added to your total balance. Rose symbols contain bonus numbers for the Free Spins round. 3 or more Scatter (Devil) symbols appear anywhere in view triggers the Free spins feature round. All symbols pay from left to right starting from leftmost reel. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The maximum win in this game is capped to 250,000 EUR or its equivalent amount in your currency during main game or Free spins. Further Free spins or line wins will be forfeited if the highest win is reached during the free spins. Theoretical return to player is 96.42.%. Scatter (Devil) symbol do not have any payout during base and feature games Gold rose symbol will appear only on reel 3 and will appear only on Free Spins and not appear on Main Game. Wild (Girl) Symbol will appear only on Free Spins and Valentine Feature and will not appear on Main Game. Free spins feature: The Free Spins feature is triggered when 3 or more scatter symbols appear anywhere on the reels during the main game. 3 Scatter symbols will trigger 10, 4 Scatter symbols will trigger 15 and 5 scatter symbols will trigger 20 Free spins respectively. If 3 or more rose symbols appear on a payline, then payout will be paid according to paytable. During Freespins, Scatter (Devil) symbol does not appear. Wild (Girl) symbol substitutes for all symbols. Wild (Girl) symbol appears only in the free spins and Valentine feature and will not appear on Main Game. Only the highest win on each selected pay line is paid according to the paytable. Free spins are played with the same bet of the triggering spin. Rose symbols appearing during the free spins contain bonus values. Any rose in view is collected by the Girl at the bonus value shown. Different Rose symbols can appear during free spins. Rose symbols with 2 roses have 1 and 2 as multiplier; Rose symbols with 3 roses will have 5, 10 and 15 as multipliers; Rose symbols with 4 roses will have 20, 25 and 50 as multipliers. Payout for the roses will be repeated for each wild symbol in view if there are more than one wild symbol in reel view. Valentine Feature: When the “Gold Rose” symbol appears anywhere in Reel 3 along with the Girl symbol the “Valentine Feature” will be activated. During free spin” and “Wild symbol will collect the Gold rose and game moves to Valentine Feature”. Two extra free spins will be awarded for each Girl symbol in view. All other symbols are removed during the Valentine feature except for roses Girls and blanks (Luck of love). This paying reel set will continue for rest of the free spins”. The feature can re-trigger with further free spins. Browser Button Panel Commands: Click on Game Rules to view the detailed rules of the game as web page. Click on Game Logs to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on Real/Play to switch between real-money or play-money mode. Click on the Deposit button to deposit money into your account. The Game Logs functionality is applicable only for the real-money game play. Return to the player: The theoretical return to player of the main game is 96.42%. FAQ’s: 1. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'History' button once you have logged back in. 2. What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Click on ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit. 3. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Service team.