The Luck of Love Game Objective: The Luck of Love is a 5x3 reels slot game with 10 fixed paylines. Free spins feature is triggered when 3 or more scatter (Devil) symbols land in view. The “Valentine Feature” is activated when Golden Rose appears anywhere in the reel view. During the feature Girl symbol will collect the golden rose and moves to valentine feature. How to play: Spin: The SPIN button is at the bottom of the game screen in portrait mode and at the right side of the game screen in landscape mode. Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet is set. You can alter the bet by tapping hamburger menu and changing the bet meter. MAX BET: Click on MAX BET to select the maximum possible bet. If your balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled. AUTO SPIN: You can make use of this feature to select various options for 'hands free' game play. To make use of the ‘AUTO SPIN’ feature, tap the Auto spin button. When the auto spin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you would like to play with. Tap on ‘OK’ to activate the selected options and start the spins. The available options under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will spin for the number of rotations selected from the slider menu. You can choose a maximum of 1000 spins and play until your balance is more than the total bet placed. For UK players this option will be disabled. Spin till Win equals or exceeds: The game will spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount entered in the numeric text box. Spin till Loss not exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the loss limit is reached. Loss will be calculated with (Loss = Total bets - Total wins) Total bets=accumulated total bets Total wins=accumulated total wins (((Total bets- Total wins) + current game bet) The Auto Spin game is terminated whenever Hot Spin feature is triggered during the Auto Spin feature. When playing with multiple options and conditions selected, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be disabled. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again or opt for new option(s) and proceed with the game. Tap the STOP SPIN button to deactivate AUTO SPIN and the normal game will be restored. Tap the Hamburger Menu Icon to view options such as the Paytable, bet settings, auto spin, settings, i button and Cashier. Tap the Home option to navigate back to lobby screen. Tap the Paytable option to view Paytable screen. Tap back button to go back to the game play. Tap the Volume icon to play the game music and vice versa. Tap the ‘$’ option to navigate to deposit screen. Tap anywhere on the screen to come out from the options. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount you wagered on the previous spin. Simply tap 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. To change your bet, increase or decrease the BET VALUE. Game Rules: The Luck of Love is a 5-reel slot game with 10 Fixed paylines. All payouts are made according to the paytable. Paytable will show the win amount for the currently selected bet on 10 fixed paylines. SPIN begins the game with the currently selected BET and 10 fixed LINES. MAX BET selects 10 Fixed lines and maximum bet/line value. Only the highest win on each payline is paid. Coinciding wins on different paylines are added to your total balance. Rose symbols contain bonus numbers for the Free Spins round. 3 or more Scatter (Devil) symbols appear anywhere in view triggers the Free spins feature round. All symbols pay from left to right starting from leftmost reel. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The maximum win in this game is capped to 250,000 EUR or its equivalent amount in your currency during main game or Free spins. Further Free spins or line wins will be forfeited if the highest win is reached during the free spins. Theoretical return to player is 96.43.%. Scatter (Devil) symbol do not have any payout during base and feature games Gold rose symbol will appear only on reel 3 and will appear only on Free Spins and not appear on Main Game. Wild (Girl) Symbol will appear only on Free Spins and Valentine Feature and will not appear on Main Game. Free spins feature: The Free Spins feature is triggered when 3 or more scatter symbols appear anywhere on the reels during the main game. 3 Scatter symbols will trigger 10, 4 Scatter symbols will trigger 15 and 5 scatter symbols will trigger 20 Free spins respectively. If 3 or more rose symbols appear on a payline, then payout will be paid according to paytable. During Freespins, Scatter (Devil) symbol does not appear. Wild (Girl) symbol substitutes for all symbols. Wild (Girl) symbol appears only in the free spins and Valentine feature and will not appear on Main Game. Only the highest win on each selected pay line is paid according to the paytable. Free spins are played with the same bet of the triggering spin. Rose symbols appearing during the free spins contain bonus values. Any rose in view is collected by the Girl at the bonus value shown. Different Rose symbols can appear during free spins. Rose symbols with 2 roses have 1 and 2 as multiplier; Rose symbols with 3 roses will have 5, 10 and 15 as multipliers; Rose symbols with 4 roses will have 20, 25 and 50 as multipliers. Payout for the roses will be repeated for each wild symbol in view if there are more than one wild symbol in reel view. Valentine Feature: When the “Gold Rose” symbol appears anywhere in Reel 3 along with the Girl symbol the “Valentine Feature” will be activated. During free spin” and “Wild symbol will collect the Gold rose and game moves to Valentine Feature”. Two extra free spins will be awarded for each Girl symbol in view. All other symbols are removed during the Valentine feature except for roses Girls and blanks (Luck of love). This paying reel set will continue for rest of the free spins”. The feature can re-trigger with further free spins. FAQ’s: I could not complete the game. What should I do? If player get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play for you. Player will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game logs' button once players logged back in. What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Go to the Cashier option $ and deposit. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Service team.