Texas Hold'em Bonus Poker Game Objective: Texas Hold’em game is a poker game which is played against the dealer. This game is heads-up, which means the player competes against the dealer to see who has the best poker hand. The player can also place an additional bonus side bet. Both the player and the dealer are dealt with two cards. Five community cards are then dealt with once the game progress. Both player and the dealer can use these cards to make the highest five-card poker hand possible. The player will win by making a hand worth more than the dealer's hand. The bonus side bet is paid out based on the first two cards of the player according to the bonus paytable, irrespective of the result of the game. Game Information: The game is played using a single standard deck of 52 cards with no jokers. The deck is shuffled at the start of every game. The suits (spades, hearts, diamonds, and clubs) have equal ranks. The game and the game rules are identical in both real and play money modes. Game Options: “Clear Bet” – After placing bet, on clicking on this button all the bet amount placed is cleared from table. After game complete on clicking this bet all the cards that are on the table will be cleared. Double Bet: On Clicking this button the bet amount double the previous Ante bet will be placed on table. Rebet: On clicking on Rebet button, the bet amount same as previous Ante bet will be placed on table and two face-up cards will be dealt to players. The following options are available to the player in each game: Flop: Bet and Fold Turn: Bet and Check River: Bet and Check Player or the dealer who ever has best poker hand will be declared as winner. Winnings will be credited to the player’s game balance automatically at the end of each game. How to Play: Click on the chips shown at the edge of the table to select the bet. After selecting the chip to start the game, the player must place the ante bet by clicking on the 'Ante' area of the table. Once the player has placed the ante bet, 'Deal' button appears. Click on 'Deal' button to start the game or click on the 'Clear' button to remove the bet placed. The player can place a bonus side bet by clicking on the 'Bonus Bet' area of the table. The bonus side bet can only be placed before starting the game. Bonus bet cannot be placed without placing the Main bet. On Game Start player will receive two face-up cards and the dealer will receive two face-down cards. If the player has placed a bonus side bet, the system will automatically for the bonus side payout according to the paytable. Any win will be paid at the end of the game and losing bets will also be collected at the end of the game. To continue playing, the player can select either 'Bet' or 'Fold' depending on the strength of the cards. On selecting the 'Fold' option, the player loses the ”Ante” bet, and any bonus side bet win is paid out. On Selecting ‘Bet’ option, the bet amount twice as “Ante” bet will be placed on “Flop on Ante” bet area. Once this bet is placed player cannot take the bet back. Three face-up cards will be dealt to the player in the middle of the table. Player can either select ‘Check’ or ‘Bet’ options. On Selecting ‘Bet’ option, the bet amount same as ‘Ante’ will be placed on the “Turn” bet area and the player will be dealt with one face-up card in the middle of the table. On selecting the ‘Check’ option bet amount will not be placed on the “Turn” bet area and the player will be dealt with one face-up card in the middle of the table. Again, the player has the option to select ‘Check’ or ‘Bet’ options. On Selecting ‘Bet’ option, bet amount same as ‘Ante’ will be placed on the “River” bet area and the player will be dealt with one face-up card. On selecting the ‘Check’ option bet amount will not be placed on the “River” bet area and the player will be dealt with one face-up card. Player cannot place bets on “Turn”, ”River” and “Flop” bets without placing the “Ante” bet. Now dealer's two face-down cards will be revealed. Based on whoever has the best five hand poker i.e. dealer or player will be declared as the winner. If the player has the best poker hand then the dealer pays even on the bets that the player has placed on “Flop”, “Turn” and “River”. The dealer pays even on “Ante” bet if the player’s winning hand is straight or better. In all other cases, the ‘Ante’ bet is simply returned to the player. For above Straight wins i.e. Royal Flush, Straight Flush, Four-of-a-Kind, Full House, Flush and Straight payout awarded will be double the bets placed on Flop, Turn, River and Ante. For below Straight wins i.e. Three of a kind, Two Pair, Pair and High Card payout awarded will be double the bets placed on Flop, Turn and River. The Bet amount which is placed on Ante will be returned to the player. If player and dealer cards have equal value then neither of them wins and the player's bet(Ante, Flop, Turn, and River) is returned to the player in a “Push”. If the dealer has the best five-card poker hand, all bets placed by the player are lost. Any bonus side bet win is paid out. Best player poker hand can be made by five extra cards dealt rather than the player's first 2 player cards. If both hands have the same ranking, the winning hand is the one with the highest numbered cards. For example, a Flush with an Ace-high beats a Flush with a King-high. If the two hands have the same high card, the highest card not held in common will be used to determine the winner. A push is declared if the two hands are identical. The suit order of the cards is not used to determine the winner. Paytable: ROYAL FLUSH: 5 cards with the same suite having and sequential face value 10, J, Q, K, A will be considered as Royal Flush. E.g. 10JQKA of hearts, spades, clubs, diamonds. STRAIGHT FLUSH: 5 cards of the same suite and face value in a sequential manner will be considered as straight flush except 10, J, Q, K, A. E.g. 23456 of hearts, 678910 clubs, 56789 of spades 34567 of diamonds, etc. in sequence. FOUR-OF-A-KIND: 4 cards out of 5 having the same card value will be considered as Four-of-a-Kind. E.g. 22225,55557,99994 will be considered as Four-of-a-Kind. FULL HOUSE: 3 cards out of 5 are having the same card value and the remaining 2 have different same values will be considered as a FULL House. E.g. 5,5,5 of any suit and 2,2 any suit. FLUSH: 5 cards with the same suite and different numbers not in sequence can be considered as a flush. E.g. 2,5,A,7,K of hearts, 3,6,8,J,Q of Spades etc. STRAIGHT: Cards with different suites (out of 4) and which are in sequence are considered as straight. E.g. 4 heart 5 diamond 6 clubs 7 spades 8 heart will be considered as one of the straight cases. THREE-OF-A-KIND: 3 cards out of 5 having the same card value will be considered as Three-of-a-Kind. E.g. 999A8, AAA57 will be considered as Three-of-a-Kind. TWO PAIR Two sets of two cards out of 5 having the same value will be considered as Two Pair. E.g. 44998, AA557 will be considered as Two Pair. ONE PAIR: Only two cards out of 5 are of the same value with the other three cards all having different ranks from each other will be considered as Pair. E.g. 44AK8, AAK57 will be considered as Pair. HIGH CARD: The rank of hands containing less than one pair is determined by the highest-ranking card. E.g. 2, K,9,6,3 will be considered as High Card. Bonus Bet Paytable: Bonus Bet is paid on the first two cards of the player. Ace-Ace: If the first two cards of the player are Aces, then this payout will be awarded. Ace-King (suited): If the first two cards of the player are Ace and King of same suit, then this payout will be awarded. Ace-Queen or Ace-Jack (suited): If the first two cards of the player are Ace and Queen of same suit or Ace and Jack of same suit, then this payout will be awarded. Ace-King (unsuited): If the first two cards of the player are Ace and King of a different suit, then this payout will be awarded. King-King, Queen-Queen, or Jack-Jack: If the first two cards of the player are Kings, Queens, or Jacks, then this payout will be awarded. Ace-Queen or Ace-Jack (unsuited): If the first two cards of the player are Ace and Queen of different Suit or Ace and Jack of a different suit, then this payout will be awarded. 10-10 through 2-2 (pairs): If the first two cards of the player are 10’s and the player gets any pair cards in the next 5 cards, then this payout will be awarded. Ace-Ace 30 to 1 Ace-King (suited) 25 to 1 Ace-Queen or Ace-Jack (suited) 20 to 1 Ace-King (unsuited) 15 to 1 King-King, Queen-Queen, or Jack-Jack 10 to 1 Ace-Queen or Ace-Jack (unsuited) 5 to 1 10-10 through 2-2 (pairs) 3 to 1 Return to the player: The theoretical return to the player of the main game is 96.88%. Based on below optimal strategy: Flop Bet The player should make the Flop bet when the total expected value of the Ante, Flop, Turn and River bets is greater than that of folding. Turn and River Bets The player should make the Turn or River bet if the chance of winning the hand is greater than 50% given the player's two cards and the visible board cards. If the chance of winning is less than 50% the player should check instead. The theoretical return to Bonus side bet is 91.10%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays.