The Win Genie Game Objective : The Win Genie is a 5x3-reel slot game with 15 fixed paylines. You win based on the combination of various symbols displayed on the selected winning payline(s). The ‘PAYTABLE’ below shows how much you win for each c ombination. Game Information: The game is played with 15 fixed number of lines. When you enter the game, a default total bet is set. The total BET is the number of fixed lines multiplied by the selected BET VALUE. Bet per Line can be changed by clicking on and changing the Bet per Line meter. SPIN can be triggered by clicking on the Spin button with the current selected BET. Payouts are displayed on the PAYTABLE. All symbols pay from left to right except scatter and bonus symbols which pay anywhere. Payline wins are multiplied by the amount ‘bet per line’ and gets added to other payline wins. The highest win amount is paid on each selected payline. Coinciding wins on different bet lines are all added to your total. The Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except Bonus and Scatter symbols. The Ticker messages will appear at the bottom of game screen. Whenever there is a win, the total BALANCE will update and the amount won in the spin is shown in the WIN bar at the bottom of the game. How to play: Spin: Tap on the Spin button to start the game. The SPIN button is available at the bottom of the game screen in portrait mode and at the right side of the game screen in landscape mode Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet is set. You can alter the bet per line by clicking on and changing the Bet per Line meter as shown below. MAX BET: Click on MAX BET to select the maximum possible bet. If your balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled. AUTO SPIN:You can make use of this feature to select various options for 'hands free' game play. To make use of the ‘AUTO SPIN’ feature, tap on the button. When the Auto spin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Tap on ‘OK’ to activate the selected options and start the spins. The available options under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will spin for the number of rotations selected from the Number of Spins Meter. You can choose maximum of 1000 spins and play until your balance is more than the total bet placed. Under UKGC regulation, the number of spins available will be set to a maximum of 100. Spin till Win equals or exceeds: The game will spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount entered in the text box. Spin till Loss not exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the loss limit is reached. Loss will be calculated with (Loss = Total bets - Total wins) Total bets=accumulated total bets Total wins=accumulated total wins (((Total bets- Total wins) + current game bet) <= Loss limit target) then next auto spin will be allowed. Spin till feature trigger: The game will spin until the next feature is triggered. Autospin game is terminated whenever The Big One jackpot is triggered in-between the Autospin. When playing with multiple options and conditions selected, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be disabled. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again or opt for new option(s) and proceed with the game. Tap on the STOP SPIN button to deactivate AUTO SPIN and the normal game will be restored. Tap on menu icon to view the option like Paytable, Bet setting, Auto play, Settings button, i button and cashier. Tap on the ‘Lobby’ option to navigate back to lobby screen. Tap on the 'PAYTABLE' option to view Paytable screen. Tap on the button to go back to the game play. Tap on the ‘Sound’ icon to play the game music and vice versa. Tap on the ‘Cashier’ option to navigate to deposit screen. Tap anywhere on the screen to come out from the options. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount you wagered on the previous spin. Just click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. To change your bet, increase or decrease the Bet Value. ­All winning symbols will be animated in addition to jackpot location animation and background animations. The total win amount is shown in the WIN meter at the bottom of the screen. CREDITS: Your remaining game balance, after you have placed the desired bet, is shown in ‘BALANCE’ meter i.e. the current game balance minus the total bet placed. Tap on ‘Quick Spin’ icon to reduce the time of the spin. Game Rules: The game is played with 15 fixed number of paylines. When you enter the game, a default total bet is set. The Total BET is Number of Fixed lines multiplied by the selected Bet per line. SPIN can be triggered by clicking on the Spin button with the current selected BET. Payouts are displayed on the PAYTABLE. All symbols pay from left to right except scatter and bonus symbols which pay anywhere. The highest win amount is paid on each selected payline. Coinciding wins on different bet lines are all added to your total. The Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except for Bonus and Scatter symbols. The Ticker messages will appear at the bottom of game screen. Whenever there is a win, the total BALANCE will update and the amount won in the spin is shown in the WIN bar at the bottom of the game. The game and game rules are identical in both the real-money and play-money modes, except that Auto spin option will not be available in play-money mode. Bonus game: 3 or more Bonus symbols appearing anywhere on the screen trigger the Bonus game. Player awarded with x2, x3, x5, x8 or x10 randomly. Player has option to select 2 out of 3 symbols to know the win awarded. Players must select 1 of the 3 symbols to see the first multiplier awarded and it will be multiplied by the total bet. Players have the option again to select 1 of the remaining 2 symbols to see the second multiplier awarded and it will be multiplied by the win awarded in the first selection. After completion of the Bonus round, the total win amount is shown in a pop-up window and the win amount is added to the balance . Feature game: 3 or more Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on the screen triggers the Feature game. Players are awarded 8, 9, 10, 11, 12 or 13 free spins randomly. During Free spins, the Genie will do some magic and place 2, 3 and 4 Wild symbols, which will stay sticky for a few random number of spins. Sometimes, though the wilds are active, if any scatter present in wild position, the wild will not be visible for that particular spin. During free spins, 3 or more Scatters re trigger the original number of free spins. During free spins, bonus game will not be triggered. During freespins, Only the highest winning combination made with at least one non-wild symbol is awarded on each payline. Jackpot game: The Big One jackpot can be triggered anytime, either during normal spin, auto spin or after the Feature game or after the Bonus game. The main screen then changes to jackpot screen after the user has won jackpot game in which all the jackpots and their values are listed on the left side and a wheel is displayed on the right side. There are 5 different jackpots, each of which has a unique colour. All five colours are shown on the wheel: The orange colour represents the Blitz Cash Jackpot. The red colour represents the Quick Cash Jackpot. The blue colour represents the Super Cash Jackpot. The green colour represents the Mega Cash Jackpot. The lavender colour represents the Colossal Cash Jackpot. The SPIN button is shown on the right side area. By clicking on the SPIN button, the wheel rotates and stops on a particular colour and the respective jackpot is awarded. When a particular jackpot is cracked, a pop-up is shown on the jackpot screen which displays the type of jackpot and the amount awarded. By clicking on 'OK' in the pop-up, it navigates to main game screen. If multiple jackpots are cracked at the same time, by clicking on 'OK' in the pop-up, the 'SPIN' button on the jackpot screen is enabled to continue further game play. You can see the current values of all five jackpots in the right side area of the main game screen. The more you wager, the higher your chances of cracking the jackpot will be. Return to the player: The theoretical return to player of this game is 96.10%. Game History: Gameplay history can be accessed by logging into your account on the desktop website and choosing menu “Game logs” inside any game. FAQ’s: 1. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game logs' button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected in the middle of the feature round, you will be prompted to complete it after logging back in. After completing the feature round, you can continue game play, or you can select another game of your choice. 2. What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Click on ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit. 3. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. 4. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Service team. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/3/2020