The Sting Game Objective: Sting is hexagons-based game that consists of a draw area of fixed 24 hexagons which will rotate and then stop, producing a random symbol. This game has no paylines. The player receives a payout for connecting and matching symbol groups anywhere on the hexagons draw area. The player wins when there are 4 or more matching connecting symbol groups (anywhere on the draw area) and the game pays up to 12 or more symbol combinations. This creates a large variety of wins (over 100,000 possible ways to win!) Game Information: When you enter the game a default total bet is set. Bet value can be changed by using the and buttons. SPIN can be triggered by clicking on the spin button with the current selected BET. Payouts are displayed on the PAYTABLE. Wins are multiplied by the amount ‘bet value’ and gets added to Total wins. Wins on different symbols are all added to your total. Coinciding wins are added to your total. All winning symbols will be animated in addition to jackpot location animation and background animations . The Ticker messages will appear on the bottom of game screen. Whenever there is a win, the total BALANCE will update, and the amount won in the spin is shown in the WIN bar at the bottom of the game. The game and game rules are identical in both the real-money and play-money modes, except that play-money games do not contribute to the jackpot amount and auto spin option will not be available in play-money mode. How to Play: BET Value : You can change the bet value by clicking the “+” or “-” buttons between BET VALUE field. MAX BET: To play with MAX BET, click on If your balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled. PAYTABLE: The Paytable can be viewed by clicking on the button. The prizes displayed in the Paytable are per unit bet and are shown as multipliers. To get the effective payout, multiply the respective prize with the bet value. You can go back to the game by clicking on the button on the Paytable screen. SPIN: Click on SPIN icon to start spinning the reels. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations will be paid according to the Paytable. RESULT: Wins are indicated by animated symbols, with the total win amount being shown at the bottom of the screen beside 'WIN'. AUTO SPIN: You can use this feature to choose all or any of the various options for 'hands free' game play. The available options under this feature are Number of spins: The game will spin for the number of rotations selected from the slider. You can choose maximum of 1000 spins and play until your balance is more than the total bet placed. For UK player, the number of auto spins available is 100. Spin till Win equals or exceeds: The game will spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount entered in text box. Spin till Loss not exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the loss limit is reached. Loss will be calculated with (Loss = Total bets - Total wins) If feature trigger: The game will automatically spin until the next feature is triggered. Auto spin game is terminated whenever Jackpot feature is triggered in-between the Auto spins. To make use of the Auto spin feature, click on the 'AUTO SPIN' button in the bottom right of the game screen. When the Auto spin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you would like to play with. Select from the slider where applicable. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Similarly, click on ‘X’ button to skip the AUTO SPIN' feature and return to the game screen. When playing with multiple options and conditions selected, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be disabled. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again or opt for new option(s) and proceed with the game. 'AUTO SPIN' option is not available in the play-money mode. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount you wagered on the previous spin. Just click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. ­To change your bet, increase or decrease the Bet shown on the game screen. Credits: After you have placed the desired bet, your remaining game balance is shown under ‘BALANCE’. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the ‘BALANCE’ meter and the 'BET' meter. Your game balance is shown at the bottom of the game screen. Game Settings: Volume: Player can set the volume of the sound effects and ambience by sliding through the Volume button. Sound effects: Toggle between on / off to enable or disable the game win animation sounds. Quick spin: By checking this option, game play is faster than the regular spin and for UK player this option will be in disabled mode. Spacebar to spin: By checking this option, Spacebar key can be used to trigger a spin. This option stays disabled if spacebar is not available for a game. GAME RULES: All payouts are made according to the paytable. Game pays on clusters. Symbol wins are multiplied by the amount bet value. The player gets wins when there are 4 or more matching connecting symbol groups (anywhere on the draw area) and the game pays up to 12 or more symbol combinations. Coinciding wins are added to your total winnings. Bonus round wins are added to your game balance. The Honey Stick symbol substitutes for all other symbols, except for the scattered The Sting Logo symbol. The Sting Logo symbols appear anywhere on reels 2, 4 and 6 and will not appear on reels 1, 3, 5 and 7. The maximum win in this game is capped to 250,000 EUR or its equivalent amount in your currency during main game or bonus game. Further Free spins or line wins will be forfeited if the highest win is reached during the bonus game. The theoretical return to player of this game is 93.89%. Jackpot RTP/Contributions is 1.68%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. BONUS RULES: Expanding Wild: The Honey Stick symbol is the wild symbol. It will let honey drip downwards turning all symbols straight below the wild into wilds. Wild symbols may substitute only one matching connecting symbol group to form a winning combination. Any 4 or more connecting matching symbols including substituting wild symbol may pay as per the pay table. The Honey Stick symbol can substitute for any symbol, except for the Sting logo. The Honey Stick can only substitute for one type of symbol and can be used for only one matching symbol groups win. When there is more than one type of symbol that the wild could substitute to make matching symbol group wins, it will be used only for the win that makes the highest payout. If different symbol groups can make the same payout, it will be used for the symbol that is higher up in the paytable. Show Me The Honey Feature: Show Me the Honey feature is triggered when 3 The Sting Logo symbols appear anywhere on reels 2, 4 and 6. Click on any one of 3 flowers which award free spins and a multiplier. The maximum number of free spins that can get awarded is 40 and the maximum multiplier is 8. You will be awarded with a random number of free spins & multipliers on selecting a flower. All free spins are played with the same stake as the triggering spin. The wild feature can be triggered during free spins as well. It is not possible to trigger free spins within free spins. JACKPOT GAME: A jackpot feature game can be triggered anytime, either during normal spin or Auto spin or on feature game trigger. Play the jackpot feature to know which level you have won. Any bet is eligible for the jackpot. The larger your wager is on each game, the more chances you have of winning the jackpot. The amount won in feature round cannot trigger the jackpot. Choose six out of the nine available symbols to reveal the '$' signs. Each '$' sign awards one level of the Gold Jackpot: One '$' sign awards Gold Blitz Jackpot. Two '$' signs award Gold Quick Jackpot. Three '$' signs award Gold Super Jackpot. Four '$' signs award Gold Mega Jackpot. Click on the 'COMPLETE' button to restore the main game screen. If you win multiple jackpots, the jackpot feature for the next jackpot will start after you click the 'COMPLETE' button. The current value of all four jackpot levels is shown at the top right-hand corner of the game screen. When the jackpot feature game is completed, the main game screen will be restored to its previous state. Jackpot wins will be credited to your account immediately. Browser Panel Commands: Click on Responsible Gaming to navigate to the Responsible gaming page. Click on Game Rules to view the current version number & game rules of the game. Click on Game logs to view the logs of the games you have played. Click on Deposit button to add funds to your account. Click on Real/Play to switch between real-money or play-money game modes. The Game logs functionality is applicable only for the real-money game play. Return to the player: The theoretical return to player of this game is 93.89%. Jackpot RTP/Contributions is 1.68%. FAQ’s: 1. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game logs' button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected in the middle of the feature, you will be prompted to complete it after logging back in. After completing the feature, you can continue game play, or you can select another game of your choice. 2.What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Click on ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit. 3. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team.