Terminator Roulette T1, THE TERMINATOR, ENDOSKELETON, and any depiction of Endoskeleton are trademarks of Studiocanal S.A.S. All Rights Reserved. © 2018 Studiocanal S.A.S. ® All Rights Reserved. Main Game screen Game Objective: Terminator TM Roulette is a fixed odds betting game based on roulette. The Roulette wheel has 38 numbered slots (0 to 36 and a Terminator TM bet), each of which can be bet on. The wheel is spun in one direction and a ball is spun in the wheel in the opposite direction. The ball will land in one of the numbered slots or in the Terminator TM bet slot. If you bet on the slot the ball has landed in, you will win a payout. How to Play : There are two tables and the wheel: The Betting Table, where bets can be placed. The Neighbours Table, where Neighbours bets can be placed. (The Neighbours table can be accessed by clicking the small picture of it below the Chip tray, and the Betting Table can be accessed by clicking the small picture of it below the Chip tray.) The Roulette wheel. The different chip values that can be used to place bets appear in the chip tray. Click a chip in the chip tray to select it. The chip tray appears to the left of the currently selected table. To place a bet, click the desired chip value and then click on the number or numbers you would like to bet on. The chosen number(s) will be highlighted until you release your mouse cursor. The chip tray is scrollable. There are many different types of bets in Roulette, including bets placed on multiple numbers with a single chip. All bets are listed in the BET TYPES AND PAYTABLE section below. If you wish to place an additional bet of a different value, click a chip of a different value. When you put a mouse over on a possible bet, a pop up with bet details will be visible. Click UNDO to remove the last bet made from the table. Click CLEAR BETS to remove all bets currently on the table. Click the DOUBLE button to double all bets currently placed on the table. The MIN, MAX and TABLE MAX are shown at the top left of Betting Table. If you click on this text a Paytable pop-up window will appear that details all the table limits. Each position on the table has a minimum bet and a maximum bet. If you attempt to bet higher than the maximum or lower than the minimum, the bet will not be accepted and a small message will appear to inform you of this. Information on your available game balance and total bet is shown in the bottom of the game screen. The TABLE COVERAGE indicator shows the percentage of the Roulette wheel covered by the placed bets. Click the HOLD FOR AUTOPLAY/SPIN button to spin the roulette wheel with any current bets. After the ball has landed, a marker will be placed on the winning number from the last spin in the Betting Table view and the REBET, DOUBLE & SPIN and REBET & SPIN buttons will appear. Click REBET to place the same bets as in the previous round. Click DOUBLE & SPIN to double the previous bet(s) and start another game. Click REBET & SPIN to place the same bet(s) as in the previous game and start another game. The result history shows the previous game results. It is on the right of the wheel. Terminator TM Roulette has a Terminator TM Bonus and the possibility to win the Terminator TM Roulette Jackpot in the game. AutoPlay : The AUTOPLAY mode can be used to play several games in a row with the same bet automatically. Place a bet, then hold the HOLD FOR AUTOPLAY/SPIN button to open the Autoplay panel. The Autoplay panel has a slider which can be moved to select the number of games to be played automatically. After selecting the desired number of automatic games, click the START AUTOPLAY button to begin those games. During the Autoplay games, the number of remaining games will be shown on the STOP AUTOPLAY button at the bottom right of the screen. Press the STOP AUTOPLAY button at any time to end the Autoplay games. Autospins are stopped whenever Terminator TM Roulette Jackpot is triggered in-between the Autoplay. The Betting Table: The Betting Table view allows you to make a wide range of standard bets: Terminator TM bet Straight up Split Street Corner Line Column Adjacent column 1st 12 2nd 12 3rd 12 Adjacent twelve 1-18/19-36 Red/Black Even/Odd More information about the bets can be found in the BET TYPES AND PAYTABLE section below. Once you have placed your bet, click SPIN to start the game. The Neighbours Table: The Neighbours Table view can be accessed by clicking NEIGHBOURS on the Betting Table view. The Neighbours Table allows you to make several types of bets that are unavailable on the Betting Table. These special bets are: Tier Orphelins Voisins Du Zero There are 5 numbered NEIGHBOURS buttons that can be selected and then click on a number on the table to bet on that number and the numbers neighbouring it to the left and the right. Examples: Clicking the NEIGHBOURS button labelled 1 and then clicking on the number 2 on the table will place bets on the number 2 and the numbers to the immediate left and right of 2 (25 on the left and 21 on the right). Clicking the NEIGHBOURS button labelled 4 and then clicking on the number 2 on the table will place bets on the number 2 and 4 numbers that are to the immediate left and 4 numbers that are to the immediate right of 2 (25, 17, 34, 6 on the left and 21, 4, 19, 15 on the right). Clicking on Tier, Orphelins and Voisins Du Zero will place special bets, as detailed in the Paytable section below. Once you have placed your bet, click SPIN to start the game. The Roulette Wheel: Clicking SPIN after making a bet will spin the ball in the Roulette wheel. The wheel is spun in one direction and a ball is spun on the wheel in the opposite direction. The ball will land in one of the slots. If the ball lands in a slot you bet on, you will win a payout according to your bet. This win amount is added to the game balance. The slot the ball landed in will be shown in the top-left. Bet Types and Paytable: Bet Type Covers Description Pay out Terminator TM Bet 1 slot A bet on Terminator TM bet. 4:1 – 279:1 Straight up 1 number A bet on a single number (including 0). 35:1 Split 2 numbers A bet on two numbers (including 0 and Terminator TM bet) next to each other on the table. 17:1 Terminator TM bonus payout will be from 1.5:1 – 139:1 Street 3 numbers A bet on a row of three numbers (e.g. 1, 2, 3). Bets placed on ‘0, 1, 2’, ‘0, 2, 3’ are also considered to be street bets. 11:1 Corner 4 numbers A bet covering four numbers next to each other on the table. A bet placed on ‘0, 1, 2, 3’ is also considered to be a corner bet. 8:1 Line 6 numbers A bet covering two Streets - six different numbers in two rows of three numbers (e.g. 1, 2, 3 + 4, 5, 6). 5:1 Column 12 numbers A bet placed in one of the boxes marked ‘2 to 1’ at the bottom of the layout, each covering 12 numbers per column. 2:1 Twelve 12 numbers A bet placed in one of the boxes marked ‘1st 12’, ‘2nd 12’ or ‘3rd 12’, which each cover 12 numbers. 2:1 1-18 (Low) 18 numbers A bet on the winning number being between 1 and 18. 1:1 1-19 (High) 18 numbers A bet on the winning number being between 19 and 36. 1:1 Red 18 numbers A bet on the winning number being red. 1:1 Black 18 numbers A bet on the winning number being black. 1:1 Even 18 numbers A bet on the winning number being even. 1:1 Odd 18 numbers A bet on the winning number being odd. 1:1 Adjacent twelve 24 numbers A bet placed on the line between any two adjacent boxes marked '1st 12', '2nd 12' or '3rd 12', covering 12 numbers of each. 0.5:1 Adjacent column 24 numbers A bet placed on the line between any two columns marked '2 to 1' at the bottom of the layout, covering 12 numbers of each. 0.5:1 Bet Type Description Tier This bet type places split bets on 5/8, 10/11, 13/16, 23/24, 27/30 and 33/36. Orphelins This bet type places split bets on 6/9, 14/17, 17/20, 31/34 and a straight bet placed on number 1. Voisins Du Zero This bet type places split bets on Terminator TM Bet/0, 2/3, 4/7, 12/15, 18/21, 19/22, 32/35 and 2 chips on corner bet 25/26/28/29. Game Information: The game and game rules are identical in both the real-money and play-money modes, except that play-money game do not contribute to the jackpot amount and Autospin option will not be available in play-money mode. Game Options: Volume: icon will play the game music. Click on icon will mute the volume . Volume bar: To increase or decrease the game sounds. Game Sounds: By default, the Game Sounds check box is enabled. Uncheck the check box to turn off Game Sounds. Background Music: By default, the Background Music check box is enabled. Uncheck the check box to turn off Background Music. Turbo function can be used to control the speed of the action. Turbo Mode: By default, the Turbo Mode check box is disabled. Click on check box to turn off the wheel animation. Wheel auto Zoom: By default, the Wheel auto Zoom check box is enabled. Uncheck the check box to turn off Wheel auto Zoom. Paytable text is shown under the Settings icon. If you click on Paytable text a Paytable pop-up window will appear that details all the table limits. Browser panel commands: Click on Responsible Gaming to navigate to the Responsible gaming page. Click on Game Rules to view game rules of the game. Click on Game logs to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on Deposit button to add funds to your account. Click on Real/Play to switch between real-money or play-money game modes. The Game logs functionality is applicable only for the real-money game play. Terminator TM Bonus game: Landing the ball in the Terminator TM Bet slot triggers the Terminator TM Bonus. In the Terminator TM Bonus, there are total of 20 spots on the track for you to choose from. Every selection wins either a cash prize (from X1 to X5 times the total bet on the Terminator TM Bet slot) or a Head (a multiplier from X1 to X7 for the total Bonus win, which is the sum of the random cash prizes collected). You can continue to choose spots until Collect is revealed (which also wins either a Head or a cash prize) and the Bonus game is terminated. The maximum total amount that can be won from the Terminator TM Bonus can reach 280 times the total bet of the spin that triggered the feature. The win multiplier is at X1 when you enter the Bonus. For each head found, the multiplier increases in steps of 1. When a head is found, scenes from the movie are played in the middle of the screen. Click CONTINUE to return to the Roulette table. Wins are transferred to the Balance at the end of Terminator TM Bonus game. Jackpot feature: The Terminator TM Roulette Jackpot can be triggered after any spin, including spins with no wins. However, the higher the bet, the greater the chances of entering the Jackpot. Entering the Jackpot game guarantees a win of one of the two jackpots. A certain percentage of every bet (called 'contribution rate') by every person playing this game is added to the progressive jackpot pool. There are two different levels of jackpots that can be won: T-1 and T-800. The different types of jackpots hold different prize amounts. You can see the current jackpot amounts at the top of the game screen. The Jackpot game screen contains 12 spots, each of which hides either a silver or gold head. Clicking on a spot reveals the head. Picking 5 silver heads wins the T-1 Jackpot, and picking 7 gold heads wins the T-800 Jackpot. The Jackpot game has a timeout timer. If you do not select enough heads before the time runs out, the game plays automatically to reveal your prize. Jackpot winnings are displayed in the pop-up win message. Click CONTINUE to return to the Roulette table. Wins are transferred to the Balance at the end of Terminator TM Roulette Jackpot. The Jackpot for this game works like this: Seed (how much money the Jackpot starts out with): T-1: $2,222.00 T-800: $11,111.00 Contribution rate (what percentage of each bet goes into the Jackpot): T-1: 0.1900% T-800: 0.2074% Win condition (the result you have to get to win the Jackpot): Pick: 5 silver Terminator TM Heads to win the T-1 Jackpot. 7 gold Terminator TM Heads to win the T-800 Jackpot. Win requirements (what you need to do to be eligible for the Jackpot): Play Terminator TM Roulette game with any real-money bet. Please Note: If 2 players win the same progressive jackpot at the same time, the first player will be awarded the seed and the progressive part, and the second player will win the seed along with any progressive amount that was accumulated in the time between the two jackpot wins. Imperfections in the Internet connectivity may cause you to experience delays in Jackpot messages or updates, but they do not affect actual Jackpot wins. Return to the player: The theoretical return to player of this game without the jackpot is 94.74 %. The theoretical return to player of the Terminator TM Roulette Jackpot is 0.99 %. FAQ’s: I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game logs' button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected in the middle of the feature round, you will be prompted to complete it after logging back in. After completing the feature round, you can continue game play, or you can select another game of your choice. What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Click on ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit. Malfunctions voids all pays and plays. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team. Last modification date: 28/05/2018 The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 or 10,000xBet - whichever is reached first (or currency equivalent. Other Operator limits may apply).