The Win Genie Game Objective: The Win Genie is a 5x3-reel slot game with 15 fixed paylines. You win based on the combination of various symbols displayed on the selected winning payline(s). The ‘PAYTABLE’ below shows how much you win for each co mbination. Game Information: The game is played with 15 fixed number of lines. When you enter the game, a default total bet is set. The total BET is the number of fixed lines multiplied by the selected BET VALUE. BET VALUE can be changed by using the and buttons. SPIN can be triggered by clicking on the Spin button with the currently selected BET. Payouts are displayed in the PAYTABLE. All symbols pay from left to right except Scatter and Bonus symbols which pay anywhere. Payline wins are multiplied by the ‘bet per line’ amount and get added to other payline wins. The highest win amount is paid on each selected payline. Coinciding wins on different bet lines are all added to your total. The Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except for Bonus and Scatter symbols. The Ticker messages will appear at the bottom of game screen. Whenever there is a win, the total BALANCE will update and the amount won in the spin is shown in the WIN bar at the bottom of the game. The game and game rules are identical in both the real-money and play-money modes, except that the auto spin option will not be available in play-money mode. How to play: Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet value is set for all 15 lines on the slot machine. You can increase the bet value by clicking the button to the right of 'BET/LINE', or you can decrease the bet value by clicking the button to the left. The bet will not get adjusted to the next possible bet. If your balance drops below total bet placed, then click on button shown at the bottom of the game screen. LINES: 15 lines are fixed by default. MAX BET: To play with MAX BET, click on . If your balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled. The number of lines are multiplied by the Bet per Line. The total bet amount is displayed below the 'BET' label, which can be found at the bottom of the game screen. Paytable: The Paytable can be viewed either by clicking the button located in bottom of the game screen beside Game Settings and Sound icons or by clicking button on the left side of the game screen. You can go back to the game by clicking on the button on the Paytable screen. Spin: Click on the SPIN icon to start spinning the reels. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines will be paid according to the Paytable. Result: Wins are indicated by yellow colour boxes and animated symbols inside it, with the total win amount being shown at the bottom of the screen below 'WIN'. Volume: icon will play the game music. Click on icon will mute the volume . AUTO SPIN: You can use this feature to choose all or any of the various options for 'hands free' game play. The available options under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will spin for the number of rotations selected on the slider menu. You can choose maximum of 1000 spins and play until your balance is more than the total bet placed. Spin till Win equals or exceeds: The game will spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount entered in the numeric text box. If feature trigger: The game will spin until the next feature is triggered. Autospin game is terminated whenever The Big One jackpot is triggered in-between the Auto spin. To make use of the Auto spin feature, click on the 'AUTOSPIN' button in the bottom of the game screen. When the Auto spin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Select from the drop-down menu where applicable. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Similarly, click on Stop Auto spin button to stop the AUTO SPIN feature and return to the game screen. When playing with multiple options and conditions selected, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others and the remaining selected conditions will be disabled. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again or opt for new option(s) and proceed with the game. 'AUTO SPIN' option will be disabled in the play-money mode. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount you wagered on the previous spin. Just click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. To change your bet, increase or decrease the Bet shown on the game screen. Credits: After you have placed the desired bet, your remaining game balance is shown under ‘BALANCE’. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the ‘BALANCE’ meter and the 'BET' meter. Your game balance is shown at the bottom of the game screen. Game Settings: To make use of game settings, click on the Game Settings button at the bottom of the game screen in between Paytable and Sound icons. Volume: Player can set the volume of the sound effects by sliding through the Volume button. Sound effects: Toggle between on / off to enable or disable the game win animation sounds. Ambient sound: Toggle between on / off to enable or disable the game background sound. Quick spin: By checking this option, game play is faster than the regular spin. Space bar to spin: Players can use the space bar key to spin the game. Intro Screen/Movie: By checking this option, player will be able to see the intro screen. Game Rules: Game is played with 15 fixed number of paylines. When you enter the game, a default total bet is set. The Total BET is Number of Fixed lines multiplied by the selected Bet per line. SPIN can be triggered by clicking on the Spin button with the current selected BET. Payouts are displayed on the PAYTABLE. All symbols pay from left to right except Scatter and Bonus symbols which pay anywhere. The highest win amount is paid on each selected payline. Coinciding wins on different bet lines are all added to your total. The Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except for Bonus and Scatter symbols. The Ticker messages will appear at the bottom of game screen. Whenever there is a win, the total BALANCE will update, and the amount won in the spin is shown in the WIN bar at the bottom of the game. The game and game rules are identical in both the real-money and play-money modes, except that Auto spin option will not be available in play-money mode. Bonus game: 3 or more Bonus symbols appearing anywhere on the screen trigger the Bonus game. Player awarded with x2, x3, x5, x8 or x10 randomly. Player has option to select 2 out of 3 symbols to know the win awarded. Players must select 1 of the 3 symbols to see the first multiplier awarded and it will be multiplied by the total bet. Players have the option again to select 1 of the remaining 2 symbols to see the second multiplier awarded and it will be multiplied by the win awarded in the first selection. After completion of the Bonus round, the total win amount is shown in a pop-up window and the win amount is added to the balance. Feature game: 3 or more Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on the screen triggers the Feature game. Players are awarded 8, 9, 10, 11, 12 or 13 free spins randomly. During Free spins, the Genie will do some magic and place 2, 3 and 4 Wild symbols, which will stay sticky for a few random number of spins. Sometimes, though the wilds are active, the scatter if present will always override and so, the wild will not be visible for that particular spin. During free spins, 3 or more Scatters re trigger the original number of free spins. During free spins, bonus game will not be triggered. During freespins, Only the highest winning combination made with at least one non-wild symbol is awarded on each payline. Jackpot game: The Big One jackpot can be triggered anytime, either during normal spin, auto spin or after the Feature game. The main screen then changes to jackpot screen after the user has won jackpot game in which all the jackpots and their values are listed. There are 5 different jackpots, each of which has a unique color. All five colors are shown on the wheel. The orange color represents the Blitz Cash Jackpot The red color represents the Quick Cash Jackpot. The blue color represents the Super Cash Jackpot. The green color represents Mega Cash Jackpot. The lavender color represents Colossal Cash Jackpot. The spin button is shown on the control panel. By clicking on the SPIN button, the wheel rotates and stops on a particular color and the respective jackpot is awarded. When a particular jackpot is cracked, a pop-up is shown on the jackpot screen which displays the type of jackpot and the amount awarded. By clicking on "OK" in the pop-up, it navigates to main game screen. If multiple jackpots are cracked at the same time, by clicking on "OK" in the pop-up, the "SPIN" button on the jackpot screen is enabled to continue further game play. You can see the current values of all five jackpots in the jackpot ticker area in the main game screen. Big One Jackpots have two pools for each jackpot tier, current instance pool and reserve pool During game play a % of the total bet (mentioned below) is contributed towards both the pools Jackpot Name Initial Seed (USD) Instance Contribution % Reserve Contribution % The Big One Colossal Cash $ 1,000,000.00 0.964% 1.25% The Big One Mega Cash $ 10,000.00 0.1% 0.125% The Big One Super Cash $750.00 0.03% 0.015% The Big One Quick Cash $200.00 0.1% 0.1% The Big One Blitz Cash $40.00 0.12% 0.2% Each jackpot starts with initial seed amount. Initial Jackpot seed is funded by “The House”, and the subsequent instances are funded from reserve pool, the amount accumulated in reserve pool becomes the next seed. Big One jackpots are played across multiple games and all games have equal probability of winning the jackpot A jackpot instance can only won by one player, and this applies for all Jackpot tiers. In-case of network disconnections during the Jackpot wheel feature, jackpot win will be credited to player account balance automatically. The jackpot is triggered randomly. Any bet is eligible for jackpot. The more you wager the higher the chances of hitting the jackpot. The number of spins awarded in jackpot screen equals the number of jackpots awarded. Only real money play will contribute to the jackpot amount. Jackpot contributions and triggering will not be applicable for games played on "play for fun/demo" mode. The maximum jackpot amount player can get from each of the above jackpot is 10,000,000 USD. Jackpot Contribution/RTP is 3.004%. Browser Panel Commands: Click on ' Rules' to view game rules of the game. Click on ' History' to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on ' Deposit' button to add funds to your account. Click on 'Real Money/Demo' to switch between real-money or play-money game modes. The ' History' functionality is applicable only for the real-money game play. Return to the player: The theoretical return to player of this game is 94.20%. Jackpot contribution/RTP is 3.004%. FAQ’s: 1. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'History' button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected in the middle of the feature round, you will be prompted to complete it after logging back in. After completing the feature round, you can continue game play or you can select another game of your choice. 2. What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Click on ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit. 3. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. 4. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Service team. Last modification date: 6/10/2024