UK Roulette Game Objective: The objective of the game is to accurately guess the outcome of the Roulette spin (whether the right number or the right group). Roulette is played using a wheel with 37 numbered slots (1-36, plus a 0), a ball and a layout upon which the player may place bets covering a single number or groups of numbers. After players have placed the desired bets, the ball is spun around the wheel and will come to rest in one of the numbered slots, indicating the winning number/ group. How to Play: Select the amount you want to wager by clicking on the chip of that denomination. The selected chip will be raised. All possible bet types are defined in paytable section. You may place as many bets as you like, depending on the type of bets or the maximum table limit. To remove a chip from the table, click on the UNDO or CLEAR buttons. Information on your available game balance and total amount bet is shown. Once you have finished placing your bets, spin the wheel by clicking on the ‘SPIN’ button. When the ball comes to rest, the winning number is highlighted on the wheel. When you hit SPIN or REBET & SPIN , the ball will spin on the wheel. The win amount is calculated as per the paytable given, and your winnings are shown in a win metre which comes up when there is a win. This win amount is added to the game balance. After the ball stops, the number will be displayed over the spinning wheel. The last 10 winning numbers are shown in the top part of the screen, with the most recent outcomes to the left. After the game finishes, the default chip size for the new game remains the same as your previous bet. If you want to place a new bet, click on the desired betting spots and place the bet. The game can be played without bets placed on the table. To repeat the same bet, click on the REBET button. To repeat the same bet and spin, click on the REBET & SPIN button. Neighbours : There is the possibility to place continuous bets by clicking on the ‘NEIGHBOURS’ button on the bottom of the screen. Click on the paytable button from the game menu on the top right of the game screen to view the game rules. To switch on or off sound in the game, click on the Sound button that is located at the right top corner of the screen in the game menu. There is the possibility to enable/disable ‘drag to bet’ feature in the game via the settings button from the game menu. Turbo-mode: There is the ability to turn off/on animation in the game through MENU button below the game screen and for UK player this option will be in disabled mode. Bet Limits: There is a maximum bet limit for each type of bet, as well as an overall table maximum limit. Table minimum limit - the total amounts of bets placed before each spin must be more than or equal to £1. Table maximum limit - the total amount of bets placed before each spin must be less than or equal to the maximum bet requirements posted on the table. Maximum bet limit for each type of bet is described in table below: Bet Opportunity Maximum Bet Straight £250 Split £500 Street £750 Corner £1,000 6-line £1,000 Column/dozen £3,000 Even chances £4,500 Neighbours Table: The neighbours table view can be accessed by clicking the NEIGHBOURS button shown on the bottom of the game view. There are 5 numbered NEIGHBOURS buttons that can be selected and then click on a number on the table to bet on that number and the numbers neighbouring it to the left and the right. Examples: 1. Clicking on the NEIGHBOURS button labelled 1 and then clicking on the number 2 on the table will place bets on the number 2 and the numbers to the immediate left and right of 2 (25 on the left and 21 on the right). 2. Clicking on the NEIGHBOURS button labelled 4 and then clicking on the number 2 on the table will place bets on the number 2 and 4 numbers that are to the immediate left and 4 numbers that are to the immediate right of 2 (25, 17, 34, 6 on the left and 21, 4, 19, 15 on the right). The Roulette Wheel: Clicking on SPIN after placing a bet will spin the ball in the Roulette wheel. The wheel is spun in one direction and a ball is spun on the wheel in the opposite direction. The ball will land in one of the slots. If the ball lands in a slot you bet on, you will win a payout according to your bet. This win amount is added to the game balance. The slot ball landed in will be shown on roulette wheel by highlighting the number. Bet Types and Paytable: Bet Type Covers Description Pay out Straight 1 number A bet placed directly on any single number (including 0). 35:1 Split 2 numbers A bet between any two adjacent numbers by placing the chip on the line between them. 17:1 Street 3 numbers A bet placed at the end of any row of numbers, covering three numbers. Basket Bets placed on ‘0, 1, 2’, ‘0, 2, 3’ are also considered to be street bets. 11:1 Corner bet or Square bet or Quarter bet 4 numbers A bet placed on the corner where any four numbers meet covers all four numbers. 8:1 Top line 4 numbers A bet placed between the adjacent streets of "zero" and "1". This bet covers four numbers: 0,1, 2, and 3. 8:1 Line 6 numbers A bet placed at the end of two streets, on the line between them. A line bet covers all six numbers in the streets. (e.g. 1, 2, 3 + 4, 5, 6). 5:1 Dozen 12 numbers A bet placed in one of the boxes marked ‘1st 12’, ‘2nd 12’ or ‘3rd 12’, which each cover 12 numbers. 2:1 Column 12 numbers A bet placed in one of the boxes marked ‘2 to 1’ at the bottom of the layout, each covering 12 numbers per column. 2:1 Red Black Even Odd 1 to 18 19 to 36 18 numbers A bet placed in one of the six boxes at the sides of the layout covers half of the non-zero numbers on the board, as described in that box. The 0 and 00 are not covered by any of these boxes. Each box covers 18 numbers. 1:1 Game Information: The game and game rules are identical in both the real-money and play-money modes. Game Options: Help: To view the artwork game rules of the game. Sound: To switch on or off game sounds. Settings: To access turbo mode and drag to bet settings. Settings: Turbo Mode: To turn off/on animation in the game. Drag to bet: To enable/disable ‘drag to bet’ feature in the game. Browser Panel Commands: Click on Responsible Gaming to navigate to the Responsible Gaming page. Click on Game Rules to view game rules of the game. Click on Game logs to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on the Deposit button to add funds to your account. Click on Real/Play to switch between real-money or play-money game modes. The Game logs functionality is applicable only for the real-money game play. Statistics window: Game statistics enable you to view your previous results. The statistics window displays the last 10 results. The statistics window indicates red results with numbers in red colour, black results with numbers in black colour and result of 0 in green colour. Return to the player: The theoretical return to player of this game is at least 97.30%. The maximum win possible with the game is £105,000 . Malfunctions void all pays and plays. Game History: Detailed game play history can be accessed by logging into your account on the desktop website and choosing menu “Game logs”. Adding Funds to your Account: To add funds to your account, click on Deposit and select the desired deposit option. The time taken to transfer funds and the fees charged will vary depending on which deposit option you choose. Funds can only be added at the beginning of a new game. What do I do if I reach my betting limits? To add funds to your account, click on the “DEPOSIT” button in the browser common panel, then select the desired deposit option. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If your game is disconnected during game play, new game will be restored not the current game when you connect back again and you can check the current game details in game logs. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Service team. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000