Viking Riches Instant Win Game Objective: Viking Riches Instant Win game is played with 9 scratch panels on 3x3 grid along with 3 features. There are 3 different features (Wench, Boat, Shield) available. When 3 wench symbols appear anywhere in grid, then the Wench of wealth feature screen is displayed, after choosing any one of the wench symbols among the appeared wenches reveals the multiplier value. When 3 Boat symbols appear anywhere in grid, then the FJORD of Riches feature screen is displayed. Press spin button to rotate the wheel and determine the number of steps taken along the journey. When 3 shields appear anywhere in the grid, then Win Berserk feature screen is displayed. Here boxes will rotate around the Viking and stops when Viking breaks any one of the boxes to reveal the multiplier value. Paytable: Game Information: Game is played 9 scratch panels with 3x3 grid. When you enter the game a default bet is set. Bet can be changed by clicking on hamburger menu and changing the Bet meter. Game begins with the currently selected BET. Payouts are displayed on the PAYTABLE. All winning symbols will be animated in addition to background animations. Whenever there is a win, the total BALANCE will update, and the amount won in the game is shown in the WIN bar at the bottom of the game. How to play: Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet is set. You can alter the bet by clicking on and changing the Bet as shown below. Paytable: The Paytable can be viewed by clicking the button located in right side of game screen or by clicking on icon located below game screen. The prizes displayed in the Paytable are per unit bet, and are shown as multipliers. To get the effective payout, multiply the respective prize with the bet. The paytable shows the payouts for all symbols. You can go back to the game by clicking on close button on the paytable screen. Scratch: Click on the Scratch button to Start the game, Click/Tap or hover on any panel to scratch it and reveal or player can click on symbol to reveal all panels at once, any symbol will be paid according to the paytable. Result: Wins are indicated by colorized animated symbols, and in the case of a scatter win, by animated symbols, with the total win amount being shown at the bottom of the screen beside 'WIN'. Volume: The icon will play the game music. Click on the icon will mute the volume . CREDITS: After you have placed the desired bet, your remaining game balance is shown in ‘BALANCE’ metre i.e. the current game balance minus the total bet placed. AUTO PLAY:You can make use of this feature to select various options for 'hands free' game play. To make use of the ‘AUTO PLAY’ feature, tap on the button. When the Auto play window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Tap on ‘START’ button to activate the selected options and start the games. The available options under this feature are: Number of games: The game will spin for the number of rotations selected from the Number of games Meter. You can choose maximum of 1000 games and play until your balance is more than the total bet placed. For UKGC player, the number of games available will be 100. Play till Win equals or exceeds: The game will continue until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount entered in the text box. Play till Loss not exceeds: The game will automatically continue until the loss limit is reached. Loss will be calculated with (Loss = Total bets - Total wins) Total bets=accumulated total bets Total wins=accumulated total wins (((Total bets- Total wins) + current game bet) <= Loss limit target) then next auto play will be allowed.” Play till feature trigger: The game will automatically continue until the next feature is triggered. To make use of the auto spin feature, click on the AUTO PLAY button at the right side of the game screen. When the auto play window opens, click on ‘More’ to show the extra options. Check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Click on the text box and enter the limit amount you want to play with. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the game. Similarly, click on the button to stop the Auto play feature and return to the game screen. When playing with multiple options and conditions selected, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others and the remaining selected conditions will be disabled. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again or opt for new option(s) and proceed with the game. AUTOPLAY option is not available in the play-money mode. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount you wagered on the previous spin. Just click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. ­To change your bet, increase or decrease the Bet shown on the game screen. Credits: After you have placed the desired bet, your remaining game balance is shown under ‘BALANCE’. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the ‘BALANCE’ meter and the 'BET' meter. Your game balance is shown at the bottom of the game screen. Game Settings: To make use of Game Settings, click on the Game Settings button at the bottom of the game screen in between Paytable and Sound icons. Volume: Player can set the volume of the sound effects by sliding through the Volume button. Sound effects: Toggle between on / off to enable or disable the game win animation sounds. Ambient sound: Toggle between on / off to enable or disable the game background sound. Game Rules: Viking Riches Instant game is played over 9 scratch panels on a 3x3 grid. Once the player hits the "Scratch" button, all the panels on the card become active. Click/Tap or hover on any panel to scratch it and reveal. To reveal all panels automatically, click after hitting the "Scratch" button . Match any 3 symbols anywhere in view to receive the corresponding pay out for that symbol. It is not possible to match 4 or more symbols. Game begins with the currently selected BET. Symbol wins are multiplied by bet amount. 3 wench symbols appear anywhere on grid will trigger Wench of Wealth feature. 3 Shield symbols appear anywhere on grid will trigger Win Berserk feature. 3 boat symbols appear anywhere on grid will trigger Fjord of Riches feature. Player cannot win Symbol win and feature win at a time. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Theoretical return to the player is 90.00%. WENCH OF WEALTH FEATURE: Wench of Wealth will trigger when 3 Wench symbols appear anywhere on the grid. Player needs to select any one of the Wench symbols to know the multiplier awarded. Bet amount will be multiplied with the multiplier awarded and win amount will be added to player balance. Player can win any of the multiplier ranges from 2 to 25 in this feature round. Win BERSERK FEATURE: Win Berserk Feature will trigger when 3 Shield symbols appear anywhere on the grid. Player will see 12 boxes along with spin button and on clicking spin button boxes will rotate and Viking will break one of the boxes to reveal the multiplier. The multiplier awarded will be multiplied by bet and win amount will be added to player balance Player can win any of the multiplier ranges from 50 to 500 in this feature round. FJORD OF RICHES FEATURE: FJORD of Riches feature will trigger when 3 Boat symbols appear anywhere on the grid. Player will be redirected to feature screen to play Fjord of Riches feature. Player will see a wheel with spin button surrounded with 6 sail and 2 collect options. On Start of the game, Pointer in Steering wheel will be on Collect, player needs to click on spin button to start the feature. On clicking spin button, wheel will rotate, and stops on either sail or collect options. If the wheel stops on sail option, the boat sails and a multiplier will be awarded randomly. The player has to click on Spin button until the wheel stops on “Collect” option. The player will be awarded with latest Multiplier that he has won before getting the “Collect” option. Player can win any of the multiplier ranges from 8 to 500 in this feature round. Browser Panel Commands: Click on Responsible Gaming to navigate to the Responsible Gaming page. Click on Game Rules to view game rules of the game. Click on Game logs to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on the Deposit button to add funds to your account. Click on Real/Play to switch between real-money or play-money game modes. The Game logs functionality is applicable only for the real-money game play. Return to the player: The theoretical return to player of this game is 90.00%. FAQ’s: 1. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, game will resume from the point of disconnection otherwise You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game logs' button once you have logged back in If you are disconnected in the middle of the feature, you will be prompted to complete it after logging back in. After completing the feature, you can continue game play, or you can select another game of your choice. 2. What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Click on ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit. 3. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. 4. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Service team.