Viking Riches Game Objective: Viking Riches is a 5-reel, 20 payline jackpot slot game with 3 feature games along with a Gamble feature. There are 3 different scatter(Wench, Boat, Sheild) symbols. When 3 or more wench symbols appear anywhere in reel view, than the Wench of wealth feature screen is displayed, after choosing any one of the wench symbol among the appeared wenches reveals the multiplier value. When 3 or more Boat symbols appear anywhere in reel view, then the FJORD of riches feature screen is displayed. Press spin button to rotate the wheel and determine the number of steps taken along the journey. When 3 shield appear anywhere in the reel view in 2, 3, 4 reels, then Win Berserker feature screen is displayed. Here boxes will rotate around the Viking and stops when Viking breaks any one of the box to reveal the multiplier value. Player have a chance to win the FJORD of riches feature through the Gamble feature. Paytable. Paylines . Game Information: Game is played with 20 variable number of lines. When you enter the game a default total bet is set. The Total BET is number of lines selected is multiplied by Bet per line . Bet per Line can be changed by clicking on hamburger menu and changing the Bet per Line meter. SPIN can be triggered by clicking on the Spin button with the current selected BET. Payouts are displayed on the PAYTABLE. Highest win amount is paid on each selected payline. All symbols pay from left to right except scatter. All winning symbols will be animated in addition to background animations. Whenever there is a win, the total BALANCE will update, and the amount won in the spin is shown in the WIN bar at the bottom of the game. The Min and Max bets falls with in this range inclusive of these. Minimum Bet: COP 30 Maximum Bet: COP 240000. How to play: Spin: The SPIN button is at the bottom of the game screen in portrait mode and at the right side of the game screen in landscape mode. Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet is set. You can alter the bet per line by clicking on and changing the Bet per Line meter as shown below. MAX BET: Click on MAX BET to select the maximum possible bet. If your balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled. AUTO SPIN:You can make use of this feature to select various options for 'hands free' game play. To make use of the ‘AUTO SPIN’ feature, tap on the button. When the Auto spin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Tap on ‘OK’ to activate the selected options and start the spins. The available options under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will spin for the number of rotations selected from the Number of Spins Meter. You can choose maximum of 1000 spins and play until your balance is more than the total bet placed. For UKGC player, the number of spins available will be 100. Spin till Win equals or exceeds: The game will spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount entered in the text box. Spin till Loss not exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the loss limit is reached. Loss will be calculated with (Loss = Total bets - Total wins) Total bets=accumulated total bets Total wins=accumulated total wins (((Total bets- Total wins) + current game bet) <= Loss limit target) then next auto spin will be allowed.” Spin till feature trigger: The game will automatically spin until the next feature is triggered. Autospin game is terminated whenever TheBigOne Jackpot feature is triggered in-between the Autospins. When playing with multiple options and conditions selected, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be disabled. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again or opt for new option(s) and proceed with the game. Click on the STOP SPIN button to deactivate AUTO SPIN and the normal game will be restored. Tap on Menu Icon to view the option like Paytable, Bet Settings, Auto spin, Settings button, i button and Cashier. Tap on the ‘Lobby’ option to navigate back to lobby screen. Tap on the 'PAYTABLE' option to view Paytable screen. Tap on the button to go back to the game play. Tap on the ‘Sound’ icon to play the game music and vice versa. Tap on the ‘Cashier’ option to navigate to deposit screen. Tap anywhere on the screen to come out from the options. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount you wagered on the previous spin. Just click on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. To change your bet, increase or decrease the BET VALUE. The total win amount is shown in the WIN meter . CREDITS: Your remaining game balance, after you have placed the desired bet, is shown in ‘BALANCE’ meter i.e. the current game balance minus the total bet placed. Tap on ‘Quick Spin’ icon to reduce the time of the spin. GAME RULES: Player can play the game with 20 variable paylines . Payouts are made according to the paytable. SPIN begins the game with the currently selected BET and LINES. Payline wins are multiplied by the amount bet per line. Highest win amount is paid on each selected payline. Coinciding wins on different paylines are all added to your total win amount. Wild (gold coin) symbol substitutes for all symbols except for Wench, Shield and Boat symbols. All symbols pay from left to right except scatters. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. 0 GAMBLE FOR FEATURE: Gamble feature will trigger when the line win amount is greater than or equal to 5 times of the total bet amount and less than or equal to 217.375 times of the bet amount. A circle with two segments will be shown, the segments area will be based on the line win amount. Player can choose either gamble or collect: If Player chooses gamble option: If sword stops in “Fjord” area, then the “Fjord of Riches” feature will be triggered, and the win amount which player won in the feature round will be added to the player balance directly. If sword stops in “red color” area, then player will lose the gamble amount. If player chooses collect option: Win amount will be added directly to player balance. If any feature triggers along with line win, then gamble will not be enabled. Multiplier awarded in Fjord of Riches will be multiplied by total bet instead of line wins. During Auto Spins, Gamble feature will not be available. WENCH OF WEALTH FEATURE: Wench of Wealth will trigger when 3 or more Wench symbols appear anywhere on the reel. Player needs to select any one of the Wench symbols to know the multiplier awarded. Total bet amount will be multiplied with the multiplier awarded and win amount will be added to player balance. Player can win any of the multiplier ranges from 2 to 500 in this feature round. Win BERSERK FEATURE: Win Berserk Feature will trigger when 3 Shield symbols appear anywhere on the reels 2, 3 and 4. Player will see 12 boxes along with spin button and on clicking spin button boxes will rotate and Viking will break one of the boxes to reveal the multiplier. The multiplier awarded will be multiplied by total bet and win amount will be added to player balance Player can win any of the multiplier ranges from 50 to 500 in this feature round. FJORD OF RICHES FEATURE: FJORD of Riches feature will trigger when 3 or more Boat symbols appear anywhere on the reel view. Player will be redirected to feature screen to play Fjord Of Riches feature. Player will see a wheel with spin button surrounded with 6 sail and 2 collect options. On Start of the game, Pointer in Steering wheel will be on Collect, player needs to click on spin button to start the feature . On clicking spin button, wheel will rotate, and stops on either sail or collect options. If the wheel stops on sail option, the boat sails and a multiplier will be awarded randomly. The player has to click on Spin button until the wheel stops on “Collect” option. The player will be awarded with latest Multiplier that he has won before getting the “Collect” option. Player can win any of the multiplier ranges from 8 to 1000 in this feature round. Jackpot game: The Big One jackpot can be triggered anytime, either during normal spin, auto spin or after the Gamble feature. If the jackpot is triggered when gamble feature is also triggered the jackpot is played after the completion of gamble feature. The main screen then changes to jackpot screen after the user has won jackpot game in which all the jackpots and their values are listed on the left side area and a wheel is displayed on the right side area. There are 5 different jackpots, each of which has a unique color. All five colors are shown on the wheel: The orange color represents the Blitz Cash Jackpot. The red color represents the Quick Cash Jackpot. The blue color represents the Super Cash Jackpot. The green color represents the Mega Cash Jackpot. The lavender color represents the Colossal Cash Jackpot. The SPIN button is shown on the middle of the control panel. By clicking on the SPIN button, the wheel rotates and stops on a particular color and the respective jackpot is awarded. When a particular jackpot is cracked, a pop-up is shown on the jackpot screen which displays the type of jackpot and the amount awarded. By clicking on 'OK' in the pop-up, it navigates to main game screen. If multiple jackpots are cracked at the same time, by clicking on 'OK' in the pop-up, the 'SPIN' button on the jackpot screen is enabled to continue further game play. You can see the current values of all five jackpots in the top area of the main game screen. The more you wager, the higher your chances of cracking the jackpot will be. The cash will be credited to your account immediately. Return to the player: The theoretical return to player of this game is 94.08%. Jackpot Contribution/RTP is 1.88% Game History: Gameplay history can be accessed by logging into your account on the desktop website and choosing menu “Game Logs” inside any game. FAQ’s: 1. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game logs' button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected in the middle of the gamble feature, you will be prompted to complete it after logging back in. After completing the gamble feature, you can continue game play, or you can select another game of your choice. 2. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. 3. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team.