Warrior Goddess Game Objective: Warrior Goddess is a five-reel, thirty-payline slot game with Free Spins feature. When 3 or more scatter symbols appear anywhere in reel view, the feature screen is displayed where the player has a choice to select one among the 7 options. Based on the option selected, a random multiplier will be added when a wild substituted win occurs in the free spin. Feature cannot be retriggered within free spins. Game Information: Game is played with 30 variable lines. The Betting limits are shown on the game screen title bar. How to play: Setting 'BET': When you enter the game, a default bet per line is set for all 30 lines. You can choose to increase or decrease the bet per line by using ‘+ ’ and ‘-’ buttons available to the Right of 'Coin value' indicator. Bet and lines will not get adjusted to the next possible bet, if your balance drops below total bet placed, then click on button to deposit. Setting 'LINES': Thirty lines are selected by default. Lines can be changed either by clicking ‘ + ’ and ‘ - ’ buttons available to the Left & Right of the 'LINES' indicator on the game screen respectively. 'PAYTABLE': 'PAYTABLE' can be viewed by clicking on the icon located next to the volume icon. MAX BET: To play with MAX BET, click on button. If your game balance is not sufficient, this option is disabled. SPIN: Click on to start spinning the reels. Volume: icon will play the game music. Click on icon will mute the volume and vice versa. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on all the selected lines will be paid according to the pay table. To calculate the line payout amount, multiply the respective symbol prize with the bet per line. To calculate the payout for scattered symbol, multiply the respective scattered symbol prize with the total bet. Coin value is calculated with Total bet/Number of lines selected. RULES: To view the game rules option click on ‘Menu’ icon which is located at the bottom left most of the screen. By clicking on the ‘game rules’ option, player can see the game rules. SPIN: Click on SPIN to start spinning the reels. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on all the selected no of lines will be paid according to the pay table. To calculate the line payout amount, multiply the respective symbol prize with the bet per line. Remember only highest win in a line will be paid. To calculate the payout for scattered symbol, multiply the respective scattered symbol prize with the total bet. Result: Any wins are indicated by their pay lines highlighted and symbols animating or, in the case of a scatter win, by their symbols animating. The individual pay line wins are shown at the end of each winning line. PAID: Any Line win and/or Scatter win is shown in the ticker area under the five reels. FREE SPINS feature: The Free Spins feature is triggered when 3 or more scattered tigers appear anywhere in view. Feature screen is shown. Tigers running towards the player will show the 7 different free spin options to the player. Player can pick any one of 6 tiger options to win free spins and free spins multipliers. If player do not want to run the free spins, 7th option will pay total bet * 32 to the player. All line wins during free spins are multiplied by the free spins multiplier awarded. After completing the free spin, user will get a congratulations message with the amount won during the free spin. The Free Spins feature cannot be retriggered during free spins. Once all the free spins are completed, normal game is restored. Balance: Your remaining game balance, after you have placed the desired bet, is shown in ‘Balance' meter. 'AUTOSPIN': You can make use of this feature to choose amongst the various options for 'hands free' game play. Options available under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will automatically spin for the number of spins selected from the drop-down menu. You can choose any number of games and play until your balance is less than the total bet placed. Spin till win is equal to or exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount selected from the drop down menu. Spin till loss not exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the loss limit is reached. Loss will be calculated with (Loss = Total bets - Total wins) Total bets=accumulated total bets Total wins=accumulated total wins (((Total bets- Total wins) + current game bet) <= Loss limit target) then only next auto spin will be allowed. Spin till feature trigger: The game will automatically spin until the next feature is triggered. To make use of the ‘AUTOSPIN’ feature, click on the button in the bottom right of the game screen. When the autospin window opens, check the boxes next the option(s) you'd like to play with. Select from the drop-down menu where ever applicable and click ‘Ok’ button to start the spins. Similarly, click on 'X' icon to skip the ‘AUTOSPIN’ feature and navigate back to the game screen. When playing with multiple 'AUTO SPIN' options, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be ignored. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again, or choose new option(s), and proceed with the 'AUTO SPIN'. 'AUTOSPIN' option is not available in play money mode Click on button to stop AUTOSPIN. While AUTOSPIN is in progress, you can interrupt the game by clicking on the 'STOP' button. If spin is in progress, AUTOSPIN will be stopped after completing the current spin, otherwise AUTOSPIN is stopped immediately and normal game is restored. Browser Panel Commands: Click on ‘ Responsible Gaming ’ to navigate to the Responsible gaming page. Click on 'Game Rules ' to view the current version number & game rules of the game. Click on 'Game logs ' to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on 'Exit Game ' to leave the game and return to the Lobby. Click on ' Deposit ' button to deposit to your account. Click on ‘ Real/Play ’ to switch to real-money or play-money game mode. The “ Game logs ” functionality is applicable only for the real money game play. The game rules are identical in both real money and play money modes. Game Rules: Player can play the game with 1 to 30 lines. Payouts are made according to the Pay table. SPIN begins the game with the currently selected BET and LINES. MAX BET selects 30 lines and maximum coin value. Payouts are displayed on the PAYTABLE. Payline wins are multiplied by the amount in coin value. Highest win amount is paid on each selected pay line. Coinciding wins on different lines are all added to your total. Scatter wins are multiplied by total bet and added to pay line wins. All symbols pay Left to Right except scattered tiger symbols which pay anywhere in view. The wild ‘Warrior goddess girl’ substitutes for all other symbols except scatter tiger symbols. The wild ‘Warrior goddess girl’ appears only on reels 2, 3, and 4. Malfunctions Voids all Pays and Plays. Warrior Goddess free spin game play: When three or more scatter symbols appear in the game view, player will be awarded to enter in to feature game which user can do free spins. In warrior goddess, player will be allowed to select one amongst 7 free spin choices shown below. Choice 1: Player receives 25 free games. All wins with Wild substituting are multiplied by 2, 3 or 4. Choice 2: Player receives 20 free games. All wins with Wild substituting are multiplied by 3, 4 or 5. Choice 3: Player receives 15 free games. All wins with Wild substituting are multiplied by 4, 5 or 8. Choice 4: Player receives 10 free games. All wins with Wild substituting are multiplied by 5, 8 or 10. Choice 5: Player receives 8 free games. All wins with Wild substituting are multiplied by 8, 10 or 15. Choice 6: Player receives 5 free games. All wins with Wild substituting are multiplied by 10, 15 or 20. Choice 7: Player receives 32x total bet. Free spins are played at the lines and bet of the triggering spin. The Free Spins feature cannot be retriggered during free spins. Once all the free spins are completed, normal game is restored. Pay table: Clicking on icon will open the pay table. Game screen will be navigated to pay table screen. Pay lines: Clicking on icon and scroll down to view the pay lines information. Return to the player: The theoretical return to player of this game is 96.01 %. FAQ’s: I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete the game for you. You will be able to find out the result by tapping on the 'Game Logs' button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected after triggering free spin or in the middle of free spin, on reconnection, the software will automatically start the free spin round, if not already started, or resume the game where it was disconnected. After completing the feature, you can continue game play, or you can select another game of your choice. What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Click on ‘Deposit’ button at bottom of the game screen and deposit. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team. Last modification date: 8/29/2017