Warrior Goddess Mobile Game Objective: Warrior Goddess is a five-reel, thirty-payline slot game with Free Spins feature. When 3 or more scatter symbols appear anywhere in reel view, the feature screen is displayed where the player has a choice to select one among the 7 options. Based on the option selected, it will add a random multiplier when a wild substituted win occurs in the free spin. Feature cannot retrigger within free spins. Game Information: Game is played with 30 variable lines. The Betting limits are shown on the game screen title bar. How to play: SPIN: Tap on SPIN to start spinning the reels. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on all the selected no of lines will be paid according to the pay table. To calculate the line payout amount, multiply the respective symbol prize with the coin value. Remember only highest win in a line will be paid. To calculate the payout for scattered symbol, multiply the respective scattered symbol prize with the total bet. Result: Any wins are indicated by their pay lines highlighted and symbols animating or, in case of a scatter win, by their symbols animating the individual pay line wins are shown at the end of each winning line. PAID: Any Line win and/or Scatter win is shown in the ticker area under the five reels. Tap on the ‘+’ icon prior to Spin button to view the options like Lines, Coin value, Max bet & Auto spin. Setting 'BET': When you enter the game, a default bet is set for all 30 lines. You can choose to increase or decrease the coin value by using ‘+ ’ and ‘-’ buttons available. If you don’t have funds in your account, please go to cashier option and deposit. Bet and lines will not get adjusted to the next possible bet, if your balance drops below total bet placed, then tap on cashier icon to deposit. 'LINES': Thirty lines are selected by default. Lines are variable and can be changed by tapping ‘ + ’ and ‘ - ’ buttons available. MAX BET: To play with MAX BET, tap on If your balance is not sufficient, this option is disabled. Coin value is calculated with Total bet/Number of lines selected. 'AUTOSPIN': You can make use of this feature to choose among the various options for 'hands free' game play. Options available under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will automatically spin for the number of spins selected from the drop-down menu. You can choose any number of games and play until your balance is less than the total bet placed. Spin till win is equal to or exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount selected from the drop down menu. Spin till loss not exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the loss limit is reached. Loss will be calculated with (Loss = Total bets - Total wins) Total bets=accumulated total bets Total wins=accumulated total wins (((Total bets- Total wins) + current game bet) <= Loss limit target) then only next auto spin will be allowed. Spin till feature trigger: The game will automatically spin until the next feature is triggered. To make use of the ‘AUTOSPIN’ feature, tap on the button available when taps on ‘+’ icon under spin icon in game screen. When the autospin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Select from the drop-down menu where applicable. Tap on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Similarly, tap on 'CANCEL' to skip the 'AUTOSPIN' feature and return to the game screen. When playing with multiple 'AUTO SPIN' options, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be ignored. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again, or choose new option(s), and proceed with the 'AUTO SPIN'. Please note: The 'AUTOSPIN' option is not available in play money mode While AUTOSPIN is in progress, you can interrupt the game by tapping on the 'STOP' button If spin is in progress, AUTOSPIN will be stopped after completing the current spin, otherwise AUTOSPIN is stopped immediately and normal game is restored. Tap on the ‘X’ icon to come out from the above options. Tap on menu icon to view the option like Lobby, Paytable, Help, Sound & Cashier. Tap on the ‘Lobby’ option to navigate back to lobby screen. Tap on the 'PAYTABLE' option to view paytable screen. Tap on the ‘Help’ option to view the help screen. Tap on the ‘Sound’ icon to play the game music and vice versa. Tap on the ‘Cashier’ option to navigate to deposit screen. Tap anywhere on the screen to come out from the options. Balance: Your remaining balance, after you have placed the desired bet, is shown in ‘Balance' meter. Game Rules: Player can play the game with 1 to 30 lines. Payouts are made according to the Pay table. SPIN begins the game with the currently selected BET and LINES. MAX BET selects 30 lines and maximum coin value. Payouts are displayed on the PAYTABLE. Payline wins are multiplied by the amount in coin value. Highest win amount is paid on each selected pay line. Coinciding wins on different lines are all added to your total. Scatter wins are multiplied by total bet and added to pay line wins. All symbols pay Left to Right except scattered tiger symbols which pay anywhere in view. The wild ‘Warrior goddess girl’ substitutes for all other symbols except scatter tiger symbols. The wild ‘Warrior goddess girl’ appears only on reels 2, 3, and 4. Malfunctions Voids all Pays and Plays. Warrior Goddess free spin game play: When three or more scatter symbols appear in the game view, player will be awarded to enter the feature game in which user can do free spins. In warrior goddess, player will be allowed to select one amongst 7 free spin choices shown below. Choice 1: Player receives 25 free games. All wins with Wild substituting are multiplied by 2, 3 or 4. Choice 2: Player receives 20 free games. All wins with Wild substituting are multiplied by 3, 4 or 5. Choice 3: Player receives 15 free games. All wins with Wild substituting are multiplied by 4, 5 or 8. Choice 4: Player receives 10 free games. All wins with Wild substituting are multiplied by 5, 8 or 10. Choice 5: Player receives 8 free games. All wins with Wild substituting are multiplied by 8, 10 or 15. Choice 6: Player receives 5 free games. All wins with Wild substituting are multiplied by 10, 15 or 20. Choice 7: Player receives 32x total bet. The Free Spins feature cannot be retriggered during free spins. Once all the free spins are completed, normal game is restored. Free spins are played at the lines and bet of the triggering spin. Pay table: Tap on icon to view the pay table screen by tapping on the icon which is shown in game screen. Pay lines: In paytable screen, scroll up to view the pay lines information. Return to the player: The theoretical return to player (RTP) of this game is 96.01 %. FAQ’s: I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete the game for you. You will be able to find out the result by tapping on the 'Game Logs' button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected after triggering free spin or in the middle of free spin, on reconnection, the software will automatically start the free spin round, if not already started, or resume the game where it was disconnected. After completing the feature, you can continue game play, or you can select another game of your choice. What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Go to the Cashier option and you deposit to your account. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/4/2020