Winata Game Objective: Winata is a five-reel slot game with 35 paylines, a Piñata feature game and a Pure 5-of-a-Kind Bonus. The feature game is triggered when three or more Piñata symbols appear anywhere on the reels. The Chilli symbol is the wild substitute. Paytable Paylines Game Information: Game is played with 35 fixed number of lines. SPIN can be triggered by clicking on the spin button with the current selected BET. Payouts are displayed on the Paytable. Payline wins are multiplied by the amount ‘bet per line’ and gets added to other payline wins. Highest win amount is paid on each selected payline. Coinciding wins on different bet lines are all added to your total. Scatter (represented by Piñata symbol) wins are multiplied by total bet and added to payline wins. All symbols pay from left to right, except the scatter symbol which pays anywhere in view. On the winning line, the winning symbols will slightly animate with bounce in animation and the win line will be colored. The Ticker messages will appear on bottom of game screen. Whenever there is a win, the total BALANCE will update, and the amount won in the spin is shown in the WIN bar at the bottom of the game. The game and game rules are identical in both the real-money and play-money modes and Autospin option will not be available in play-money mode. How to play: SPIN: Tap on SPIN to start spinning the reels. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on all the selected number of lines will be paid according to the Paytable. To calculate the line payout amount, multiply the respective symbol prize with the coin value. Remember, only highest win in a line will be paid. To calculate the payout for scattered symbol, multiply the respective scattered symbol prize with the total bet. Result: Any wins are indicated by their paylines highlighted and symbols animating or, in the case of a scatter win, by their symbols animating the individual payline wins are shown at the end of each winning line. Tap on the ‘+’ icon prior to Spin button to view the options like COIN VALUE, MAX BET & AUTOSPIN. Tap on the ‘X’ to come out from the above options. Setting 'BET': When you enter the game, a default bet value is set for all 35 lines. You can choose to increase or decrease the bet value using ‘+’ and ‘-’ buttons available at COIN VALUE. If you don’t have funds in your account, please go to Cashier option and deposit. LINES: Thirty-five lines are selected by default. Lines are fixed and lines count cannot be changed. COIN VALUE: This is calculated with Total bet / Number of fixed lines. MAX BET: To play with MAX BET, tap on button. If your balance is not sufficient, this option will be disabled. AUTOSPIN: You can make use of this feature to select various options for 'hands free' game play. To make use of the ‘AUTOSPIN’ feature, tap on the button. When the Autospin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Select from the drop-down menu where applicable. Tap on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Similarly, tap on 'CANCEL' to skip the 'AUTOSPIN' feature and return-to view the options like COIN VALUE, MAX BET & AUTOSPIN. Options available under this feature are: Number of spins: Tap on the ‘Number of spins’ check box to view the drop down. The game will automatically spin for the number of spins selected from the drop-down menu. You can choose any number of games and play until your balance is less than the total bet placed. Spin till win is equal to or exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount selected from the drop down menu. Spin till loss not exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the loss limit is reached. Loss will be calculated with (Loss = Total bets - Total wins) Total bets=accumulated total bets Total wins=accumulated total wins (((Total bets - Total wins) + current game bet) <= Loss limit target) then only next auto spin will be allowed. Spin till feature trigger: The game will automatically spin until the next feature is triggered. When playing with multiple 'AUTOSPIN' options, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be ignored. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again, or choose new option(s), and proceed with the 'AUTOSPIN'. 'AUTOSPIN' option is not available in play-money mode (applicable to desktop users only). While AUTOSPIN is in progress, you can interrupt the game by tapping on the 'STOP' button. If spin is in progress, AUTOSPIN will be stopped after completing the current spin, otherwise AUTOSPIN is stopped immediately and normal game is restored. Tap on menu icon to view the option like Lobby, Paytable, Help, Sound & Cashier. Tap on the ‘Lobby’ option to navigate back to lobby screen. Tap on the 'PAYTABLE' option to view Paytable screen. Tap on the ‘Help’ option to view the help screen. Tap on the button on the Paytable or help screen to go back to the game play. Tap on the ‘Sound’ icon to play the game music and vice versa. Tap on the ‘Cashier’ option to navigate to deposit screen. Tap anywhere on the screen to come out from the options. Repeat bet/change bet: The default bet for the next spin will be the same as the amount you wagered on the previous spin. Just tap on 'SPIN' to place the same bet again. To change your bet, increase or decrease the coin value.­ Credits: After you have placed the desired bet, your remaining game balance is shown under ‘BALANCE’. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the ‘BALANCE’ meter and the 'BET' meter. Your game balance is shown at the bottom of the game screen. Game Rules: Winata is a five-reel slot game with 35 paylines. Line wins multiplied by bet per line. Scatter wins are multiplied by total bet. All payouts are made according to the Paytable. All symbols pay left to right, starting with the left-most reel, except for the scattered Chilli symbol, which pays anywhere in view. Only the highest win on each selected payline is paid. Scatter wins are added to line wins. Coinciding or simultaneous wins are added and paid according to the Paytable. FEATURES: PIÑATA FEATURE: The feature game is triggered when three or more Piñata symbols appear anywhere on the reels. When the PIÑATA FEATURE is triggered, the message "Choose a Piñata to win!" appears. One of the following prizes is hidden behind each piñata: 5 free games with all wins multiplied x2. 8 free games with all wins multiplied x3. 10 free games with all wins multiplied x4. 15 free games with all wins multiplied x6. 25 free games with all wins multiplied x10. During free games, the bet per line is the same as the game that triggered the SCATTER FEATURE. During free games, if we get 3 or more scatters, feature game is retriggered again and awards the original number of free games and multipliers. Free spin wins are added to lines and scatter wins. PURE 5 OF A KIND BONUS: Any 5-of-a-Kind of Girl, Bandito, Band, Chihuahua or Cactus without Chilli substituting payline win is multiplied by x3, x4, x6, x11 or x21 randomly. The PURE 5-OF-A-KIND BONUS can be won during the base game and the PIÑATA FEATURE. Return to the player: The theoretical return to player of this game without the jackpot is 93.61%. Game History: Gameplay history can be accessed by logging into your account on the desktop website and choosing menu “Game logs” inside any game. FAQ’s: 1. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game logs' button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected in the middle of the feature round, you will be prompted to complete it after logging back in. After completing the feature round, you can continue game play, or you can select another game of your choice. 2. What should I do if the balance is low to place bet? Go to the Cashier option and deposit. 3. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. 4. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team. Last modification date:30/04/2018.