5 Million Jackpot Introduction Match a WINNING NUMBER to any of YOUR NUMBERS to win a prize. Find a gold, silver or bronze coin to unlock a Jackpot Wheel game. Start the game Once the PLAY £2 button has been selected the stake is deducted from the current balance and the game starts. End of the game At the end of the game, any winnings are displayed. To play again press the PLAY £2? button. How to play Upon pressing play you are presented with 2 play areas labelled WINNING NUMBERS and YOUR NUMBERS. The WINNING NUMBERS section consists of five "£" symbols and the YOUR NUMBERS section consists of fifteen "star" symbols with the word "PRIZE" beneath. Within the WINNING NUMBERS section, press each of the "£" symbols to reveal a number between 1 and 30. Within the YOUR NUMBERS section press each of the "star" symbols to reveal a number between 1 and 30 and a prize amount, or a bronze coin or a silver coin or gold coin. If a Gold, Silver or Bronze coin is revealed in the YOUR NUMBERS section, the corresponding Jackpot Wheel game is unlocked - Revealing a Bronze coin unlocks the Bronze Jackpot Wheel game, revealing a Silver coin unlocks the Silver Jackpot Wheel game and revealing a Gold coin unlocks the Gold Jackpot Wheel game. Jackpot Wheel Game You are presented with a wheel with 16 segments. Each segment has a prize amount on it and there is an arrow at the top of the wheel pointing downwards towards the wheel. To start the game press the SPIN button in the centre of the wheel. Upon pressing SPIN the wheel will start to spin, before gradually coming to a complete stop. Once the wheel has completely stopped the segment that the arrow is pointing at will highlight and the prize within that segment will pulse. The prize on the wheel that the arrow points to at the end of the spin is awarded to the player and all other prizes on the wheel will fade. Winning Wins are achieved by: If you match a number from the WINNING NUMBERS Section to a number in the YOUR NUMBERS Section, you win the Prize for the matched YOUR NUMBERS. If you enter the Bronze Jackpot Wheel game, spin the wheel and win the prize the wheel stops on (the prize the arrow points at once the spin has finished). If you enter the Silver Jackpot Wheel game, spin the wheel and win the prize the wheel stops on (the prize the arrow points at once the spin has finished). If you enter the Gold Jackpot Wheel game, spin the wheel and win the prize the wheel stops on (the prize the arrow points at once the spin has finished). General Information System malfunction voids all pays and all plays. This game is a game of chance. The outcome of a play in the game is pre-determined. Actions or choices made by player do not affect the outcome of the game. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 75.50% . The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 7/1/2020