Big Money Slingo Bonus Introduction Click START and receive up to 4 Joker matches. Click SPIN to match numbers on reels to numbers on grid. Complete a winline and get a SLINGO. SLINGOS mean prizes. Collect 5 Keys to unlock the Wheel Bonus mini game for a guaranteed prize. Start the game Select the stake amount, then to start the game press the PLAY button. Once the PLAY button has been selected the stake is deducted from the current balance and the game starts. End of the game At the end of the game, any winnings are displayed on the WINNINGS panel. To play again press the PLAY button. Once the PLAY button has been selected the stake is deducted from the current balance and the game starts. How to play Pressing the START button places up to 4 jokers on the game board. The reels will spin and display one of the symbols below: - Number - Numbers landing on the reel will mark the corresponding number in the grid - Free spin - Free spin symbols awards an additional spin - Instant Prize amount – This prize is awarded - Key – This fills up 1 slot on BONUS table on the right The player has 6 spins (excluding free spins that may be won) The game will play out the 6 spins automatically by default. The player can change this by toggling the AUTO button below the SPINS button. Bonus game Collect 5 keys to unlock the Wheel Bonus Game. Press START to spin the wheel. Win the prize the wheel stops on. Winning Wins are achieved by: - Filling a horizontal, vertical or diagonal line on the game board. You win the prize shown for that line. - Find an instant prize amount on the reels - Unlock the Wheel Bonus. Spin the wheel and win the prize the wheel stops on General information System malfunction voids all pays and all plays. This game is a game of chance. The outcome of a play in the game is pre-determined. Actions or choices made by player do not affect the outcome of the game. Keys collected within one game do not impact the winning odds of any subsequent games. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 87.53% Last modification date: 12/6/2017