Cash Buster Towers Introduction Spin the reels to destroy the towers to win. Collect symbols from the reels to unlock the Bonus Games or win Instant Prizes. At the end of the game, if you haven’t won you can choose to buy extra spins to win. Set Your Stake Choose your stake by pressing the Stake '+' and '-' buttons. Start of Game "To start the game, press the 'Play' button located below the stake amount. Once the 'Play' button has been selected the stake is deducted from the current balance and the game starts." HOW TO PLAY There are 2 game modes “Normal Play” and “Repeat Play Normal Play The player has 5 spins. After each spin, each of the 6 reels shows one of the following: A number from 1 – 6; this destroys that number of blocks in the tower above that reel Star Symbol; each star fills one segment of the MINI GAME STAR BONUS table. Upon collecting 4 stars, the STAR BONUS game is unlocked Arrow symbol; this refills the tower above the reel and also each arrow fills one segment of the MINI GAME ARROW BONUS table. Upon collecting 4 arrows the ARROW BONUS game is unlocked Circle Symbol; each circle fills one segment of the CIRCLE BONUS table. Upon collecting 4 or more circles player wins the corresponding prize amount. Instant prize; player wins that amount" Repeat Play At the end of a non-winning Normal Play game, the player has the option to buy “1 more Spin”. If they chose to do so they enter Repeat Play Mode. In Repeat Play mode the player has 1 spin. After the spin each of the 6 reels shows one of the following: Number from 1 – 6; this destroys that number of blocks in the tower above that reel Star Symbol; each star fills one segment of the MINI GAME STAR BONUS table. Upon collecting 4 stars the STAR BONUS game is unlocked Arrow symbol; this refills the tower above the reel and also each arrow fills one segment of the MINI GAME ARROW BONUS table. Upon collecting 4 arrows the ARROW BONUS game is unlocked Circle Symbol; each circle fills one segment of the CIRCLE BONUS table. Upon collecting 4 or more circles, the player wins the corresponding prize amount. Instant prize; player wins that amount" End of the game At the end of the game the outcome is displayed on a message panel. Normal Play Mode -after a winning game At the end of a winning game in Normal Play mode, the player can: Play the game again at the same stake amount as the previous game by pressing the 'Play' button located on the message panel. Once the 'Play' button has been selected the stake is deducted from the current balance. This starts the game again in Normal Play Mode. Play the game again at a different stake amount as the previous game by pressing the ‘+’ or ‘-‘ button followed by the 'Play' button located on the message panel. Once the 'Play' button has been selected, the stake is deducted from the current balance. This starts the game again in Normal Play Mode. Normal Play Mode -after a non-winning game At the end of a non-winning game in Normal Play mode, the player can: Buy one more spin at the same stake amount as the previous game by pressing the 'Buy 1 Spin' button. Once the 'Buy 1 Spin' button has been selected the stake is deducted from the current balance. This starts the game again in Repeat Play Mode. Buy one more spin at a different stake amount as the previous game by pressing the ‘+’ or ‘-‘ button followed by the 'Buy 1 Spin'. Once the 'Buy 1 Spin' button has been selected the stake is deducted from the current balance. This starts the game again in Repeat Play Mode. Reset game –This resets the towers and returns the player to the bet select screen" Repeat Play Mode -after a winning game At the end of a winning game in Repeat Play mode, the player can: Play the game again at the same stake amount as the previous game by pressing the 'Play' button located on the message panel. Once the 'Play' button has been selected the stake is deducted from the current balance. This starts the game again in Normal Play Mode. Play the game again at a different stake amount as the previous game by pressing the ‘+’ or ‘-‘ button followed by the 'Play' button located on the message panel. Once the 'Play' button has been selected the stake is deducted from the current balance. This starts the game again in Normal Play Mode." Repeat Play Mode -after a non-winning game At the end of a non-winning game in Repeat Play mode, the player can: Buy one more spin* at the same stake amount as the previous game by pressing the 'Buy 1 Spin' button. Once the 'Buy 1 Spin' button has been selected the stake is deducted from the current balance. This starts the game again in Repeat Play Mode. Buy one more spin* at a different stake amount as the previous game by pressing the ‘+’ or ‘-‘ button followed by the 'Buy 1 Spin'. Once the 'Buy 1 Spin' button has been selected the stake is deducted from the current balance. This starts the game again in Repeat Play Mode. 1 Reset game –This resets the towers and returns the player to the bet select screen * Note : if the player plays 3 non-winning Normal Play mode games in a row, then the player only has the option to play a Normal Game mode game Bonus Games STAR BONUS The player picks one card and wins what is revealed ARROW BONUS The player spins the wheel and wins what the arrow points to once the wheel stops spinning General Information System malfunction voids all pays and all plays. This game is a game of chance. The outcome of play in the game is pre-determined. Actions or choices made by player do not affect the outcome of the game. The odds and RTP are the same across “Normal Play” and “Repeat Play” modes. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 90.04%. Last modification date: 6/9/2017