Cash Buster Spin Introduction Spin the reels to collect the corresponding blocks from the column above. Collect enough blocks to fill a line on the prize table to win! Find 3 BONUS symbols in one spin to unlock the Bonus Game. Start the game Select the stake amount, then to start the game press the PLAY button. Once the PLAY button has been selected the stake is deducted from the current balance and the game starts. How to play There are 2 game modes “Normal Play” and “Repeat Play". Normal play The player has 6 spins. After each spin, each of the 6 reels shows one of the following: 1 of 6 colours – this collects and destroys any blocks of that colour from the column above. New blocks fall from above to replace the destroyed blocks. Column Symbol – this collects and destroys all 6 blocks from the above column. New blocks fall from above to replace the destroyed blocks. BONUS symbol – if 3 are revealed during 1 spin, the Bonus Game is unlocked. Instant prize - player wins that amount. Repeat play At the end of a non-winning Normal Play game, the player has the option to buy “1 more Spin”. If they chose to do so they enter Repeat Play Mode. In Repeat Play mode the player has 1 spin. After the spin each of the 6 reels shows one of the following: 1 of 6 colours – this collects and destroys any blocks of that colour from the column above. New blocks fall from above to replace the destroyed blocks. Column Symbol – this collects and destroys all 6 blocks from the above column. New blocks fall from above to replace the destroyed blocks. BONUS symbol – if 3 are revealed during 1 spin, the Bonus Game is unlocked. Instant prize - player wins that amount. Free Spin symbol – player receives 1 additional spin. At the end of the game the outcome is displayed on a message panel. Normal Play Mode – after a winning game At the end of a winning game in Normal Play mode, the player can: Play the game again at the same stake amount as the previous game by pressing the 'Play' button. Once the 'Play' button has been selected the stake is deducted from the current balance. This starts the game again in Normal Play Mode. Play the game again at a different stake amount as the previous game by pressing Set Bet button. Normal Play Mode – after a non-winning game At the end of a non-winning game in Normal Play mode, the player can: Buy one more spin at the same stake amount as the previous game by pressing the 'Spin' button. Once the 'Spin' button has been selected the stake is deducted from the current balance. This starts the game again in Repeat Play Mode. Buy one more spin at a different stake amount as the previous game by pressing the ‘+’ or ‘-‘ button followed by the 'Spin' button. Once the 'Spin' button has been selected the stake is deducted from the current balance. This starts the game again in Repeat Play Mode. Reset game –This resets the game and returns the player to the bet select screen. Repeat Play Mode At the end of a winning game in Repeat Play mode, the player can: Play the game again at the same stake amount as the previous game by pressing the 'Play' button. Once the 'Play' button has been selected the stake is deducted from the current balance. This starts the game again in Normal Play Mode. Play the game again in Normal Mode at a different stake amount as the previous game by pressing Set Bet button. Bonus Games SUPER SPINS BONUS Spin the 4 Super Reels to reveal 3 colours. Find 3 matching colours in one reel to win the prize displayed to the right of the reel. MEGA WHEEL BONUS Spin the Mega Wheel. After each spin the wheel will stop on a prize amount or a “Collect”. Win any prizes the Mega Wheel stops on. After each prize is landed on it is replaced with a “Collect”. Keep spinning and winning prizes until the Mega Wheel stops on a "Collect" at which point any prizes previously landed on are awarded. General information System malfunction voids all pays and all plays. This game is a game of chance. The outcome of a play in the game is pre-determined. Actions or choices made by player do not affect the outcome of the game. The odds and RTP are the same across “Normal Play” and “Repeat Play” modes. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 87.71%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 7/1/2020