Fluffy Favorites Bonus Introduction Press PLAY and the symbols will fall into place on the game board. Match 5 or more like symbols connected horizontally and/or vertically to create a Cluster and win prizes! Find 6 Clusters in one game round to unlock the Bonus Games! Start the game Select the stake amount, then to start the game press the PLAY button. Once the PLAY button has been selected the stake is deducted from the current balance and the game starts. End of the game At the end of the game, any winnings are displayed. To play again press the PLAY button. Once the PLAY button has been selected the stake is deducted from the current balance and the game starts. How to play Press PLAY and the symbols will fall into place on the game board. Match 5 or more symbols of the same type connected horizontally and/or vertically to create a Cluster*. Find Clusters to win prizes. The prize won per cluster is shown on the in-game Pay Table. Any Clusters are destroyed and result in new symbols falling into place from above. The game continues until no Clusters are present on the game board. FREE GOES Find 3 or more adjacent FREE GO elephant symbols to unlock free goes*. Then spin the wheel to reveal the number of free goes awarded. BONUS GAMES Reveal 6 toy Clusters in 1 game round to unlock the Bonus Games. Once unlocked there is a choice of 2 games to play: BONUS GAME 1 10 toys are displayed. Pick a toy and win the prize shown. Keeping picking toys and winning prizes until you reveal a COLLECT symbol or have revealed 5 prizes. Once COLLECT is revealed or 5 prizes are revealed, all prizes won are awarded. BONUS GAME 2 2 boxes are displayed. Pick 1 of the boxes to win the prize shown. A new box will be dealt each time you find a prize. Keep picking boxes and winning prizes until you reveal a COLLECT card or have revealed 5 prizes. Once COLLECT is revealed or 5 prizes are revealed, all prizes won are awarded. AUTOPLAY "Press the AUTO button to commence automatic play of the game at the currently selected stake. The following settings are available to define how many autospins you would like to play: • Number of plays – total number of games that will be played at the current stake. • Loss limit – autoplay will stop when you hit your loss limit, which can be set as a multiple of your current bet stake. If you don’t want a loss limit, simply select the ‘infinity’ symbol at the end of the row. • Single win limit – autoplay will stop when you hit a single win limit, which is set as a multiple of your current stake. If you don’t want a single win limit, simply select the ‘infinity’ symbol at the end of the row." Press the stop button at anytime to stop any autoplay games once the current round is completed. *symbols must be connected horizontally or vertically. Diagonals do not count. Winning Wins are achieved by: Revealing Gem Clusters on the main game board. BONUS GAME 1 - Pick a card, win prize amounts revealed. BONUS GAME 2 - Spinning the wheel, win the prizes the wheel stops on General information System malfunction voids all pays and all plays. This game is a game of chance. The outcome of a play in the game is pre-determined. Actions or choices made by player do not affect the outcome of the game. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 90.63% The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 7/1/2020