Jungle Tumble Introduction Press PLAY and the coloured block symbols will fall into place on the 3x5 game board. Find a winning pattern of identical symbols to win a prize! Each time a winning pattern is displayed those blocks will be destroyed and new blocks will fall into place from above. Each time new blocks are added within a single go, the multiplier increases. Find 3 BONUS symbols to unlock the WHEEL BONUS game or 3 CHEST symbols to unlock the CHEST BONUS. Find 3 FREE PLAY symbols to be awarded 5 free plays. Start the game Select the stake amount, then press PLAY or press the Space bar on your keyboard to purchase the tickets and start the game. Once the PLAY button has been selected the stake is deducted from the current balance and the game starts. End of the game At the end of the game, any winnings for that go are displayed in the WINNINGS panel. To play again press the PLAY button or press the Space bar on your keyboard. How to play Press PLAY and the coloured blocks will fall into place on the 3x5 game board. If a winning pattern is revealed: Those blocks are destroyed New blocks fall from the top to fill the gaps created The multiplier meter moves up by 1 spot If the new blocks that get added lead to a new winning pattern, the process continues until no winning patterns are present. Once no winning patterns are present, the multiplier is applied to the wins for that go and the total is awarded to the player. Winning patterns Finding 3 or more identical symbols in at least 3 consecutive columns rewards a win. As a minimum, each of the first 3 columns from the left must contain an identical symbol to win. Wins are only awarded from the left to right starting from the far left column. Finding more than 3 identical symbols in at least 3 consecutive columns increases the size of a win. Free Plays Find 3 FREE PLAY symbols to unlock free plays. 5 Free Plays will then play out. Wheel Bonus Game Finding 3 BONUS Symbols on one game board unlocks the WHEEL BONUS. In the WHEEL BONUS, spin the wheel to move along the prize board. Each time the wheel stops on ADVANCE, move one slot along the prize board. If the wheel stops on a COLLECT, the player is awarded the highlighted prize on the prize board and the game ends. If the player reaches the top prize on the prize board, that prize is awarded and the game ends. Chest Bonus Game Finding 3 CHEST Symbols on one game board unlocks the CHEST BONUS. The player is presented with 3 chests. Picking one of the 3 chests opens the chest to reveal a prize. That prize is awarded and the game ends. AUTOPLAY Press the AUTO PLAY button to open the auto play interface. The following settings are available to define how many auto spins you would like to play: Number of plays – total number of games that will be played at the current stake. Loss limit – auto play will stop when you hit your loss limit, which can be set as a multiple of your current bet stake. If you don’t want a loss limit, simply select the ‘infinity’ symbol at the end of the row. Single win limit – auto play will stop when you hit a single win limit, which is set as a multiple of your current stake. If you don’t want a single win limit, simply select the ‘infinity’ symbol at the end of the row. Once you have defined your settings of choice, press 'SET AUTO PLAY' to start your auto play session at the currently selected stake. Press the stop button at any time to stop any auto play games once the current round is completed. Winning Wins are achieved by: Revealing a winning pattern on the main game board. WHEEL BONUS – Hitting COLLECT or reaching the end of the prize board CHEST BONUS – Revealing a prize within a chest General information System malfunction voids all pays and all plays. This game is a game of chance. The outcome of a play in the game is pre-determined. Actions or choices made by player do not affect the outcome of the game. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 93.50% The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 7/1/2020