Looten' Khamun Bonus Introduction Press the rock panels to reveal a prize. Match 3 like amounts to win. Reveal Red Gems to fill the Bonus Game wheel. Collect 9 Red Gems to unlock the Bonus Game for a guaranteed prize! Any Red Gems collected, remain between games, whilst the game is open. Start the game Select the stake amount, then to start the game press the PLAY button. Once the PLAY button has been selected the stake is deducted from the current balance and the game starts. End of the game At the end of the game, any winnings are displayed on the WINNINGS panel. To play again, select the stake amount and press the PLAY button. Once the PLAY button has been selected the stake is deducted from the current balance and the game starts. How to play Press each of the 9 panels to reveal a prize amount. If 3 like prize amounts are revealed, you win one of those amounts. Upon revealing a prize amount, you may also reveal a Red Gem. Any Red Gems revealed fill the slots in the Bonus Game wheel at the top of the screen. Once the 9 slots on the wheel are filled the Bonus Game will open (the Red Gems reset to zero at this point). Any Red Gems collected in a game will remain in the Bonus Game wheel for subsequent games, whilst the game is open. Bonus game Spin the wheel and win the prize the Wheel stops on. Keep spinning the wheel, collecting more prizes until the inner wheel stops on COLLECT. At this point any prizes that have been landed on during previous spins are totalled and collected. Winning Wins are achieved by: - Revealing 3 like prize amounts in the Main game - one of those amounts is awarded. - Any prizes landed on during the spins of the Bonus Game wheel are awarded once the inner wheel stops on COLLECT. General information System malfunction voids all pays and all plays. This game is a game of chance. The outcome of a play in the game is pre-determined. Actions or choices made by player do not affect the outcome of the game. Red Gems collected within one game do not impact the winning odds of any subsequent games. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 89.86% The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 7/1/2020