Rainbow Fortunes Introduction Reveal the 25 symbols on the rainbow. Find 3, 4 or 5 like symbols consecutively in a vertical, horizontal or diagonal line to win a prize! Find a "piece of barrel" to unlock the LUCKY BARREL BONUS or find 3 pots of gold anywhere to unlock the POTS O' GOLD BONUS. Start the game Select the stake amount, then to start the game press the PLAY button. Once the PLAY button has been selected the stake is deducted from the current balance and the game starts. End of the game At the end of the game, any winnings are displayed. To play again press the PLAY button. Once the PLAY button has been selected the stake is deducted from the current balance and the game starts. How to play At the start of the game there are 25 unrevealed symbols on the rainbow. Select each to reveal a symbol. Or press the REVEAL ALL button to reveal all. Find a "piece of barrel" behind a symbol to unlock the LUCKY BARREL BONUS or find 3 pots of gold symbols anywhere to unlock the POTS O' GOLD BONUS. LUCKY BARREL BONUS GAME Spin the barrel which will stop on a prize amount. Every prize the barrel stops on adds to your prize. Keep going until the barrel stops on a COLLECT. At this point all prizes revealed during the game are won. POTS O' GOLD BONUS GAME Select one of the 3 pots to reveal a prize. The prize amount that is revealed is awarded. Winning Wins are achieved by: Finding 3 or more like symbols consecutively in a vertical, horizontal or diagonal line. Win the corresponding prize on the prize table. LUCKY BARREL BONUS GAME - win all prizes the wheel stops on during the game, before the wheel stops on COLLECT. POTS O' GOLD BONUS GAME - win the prize revealed General information System malfunction voids all pays and all plays. This game is a game of chance. The outcome of a play in the game is pre-determined. Actions or choices made by player do not affect the outcome of the game. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 90.96%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 7/1/2020