Super Cash Buster Introduction Roll the dice to remove the blocks of that colour in the CASH BUSTER ZONE. Any adjacent blocks of the same colour will also be removed. Fill the prize table to win. Remove a Mini Game block to play a Mini Game. Set Your Stake Choose your stake by pressing the Stake '+' and '-' buttons. Start The Game To start the game, press the ‘Play’ button located below the wager amount. Once the ‘Play’ button has been selected the stake is deducted from the account balance and the game starts. End of the game At the end of the game the outcome is displayed on a message panel. You can play the game again at the same stake amount as the previous game by pressing the 'Play' button located on the message panel. Once the 'Play' button has been selected the stake is deducted from the current balance. Pressing the 'Set Bet' button will cause the 'Set Bet' interface to appear where you can alter the stake. How to play You have 7 rolls of the dice After each roll of the dice, a colour is shown on the front face of the dice. Any block of that colour in the CASH BUSTER ZONE will be destroyed along with any adjacent blocks of the same colour. After blocks are destroyed the corresponding slots in the prize table are filled. For example if you destroy 5 red blocks, 5 slots will be filled on the red row of the prize table. Destroying an 'Extra Roll' block gains another roll of the dice. Destroying an block with a prize amount on wins that prize. Destroying a MINI GAME block enables you to play a mini game. Winning Ways to win Filling a row on the prize table. You win the prize amount shown for that row. Destroying a block with an instant prize on it. You win the amount shown on the destroyed block. Collecting an instant prize in a mini game. General Information System malfunction voids all pays and all plays. This game is a game of chance. The outcome of a play in the game is pre-determined. Actions or choices made by player do not affect the outcome of the game. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 86.49%. Last modification date: 7/19/2017