Super Gems Introduction Press PLAY and the coloured gems will fall into place on the game board. Match 5 or more like gems connected horizontally and/or vertically to create a Gem Cluster and win prizes! Find 6 Gem Clusters in one game round to unlock the Bonus Games! Start the game Select the stake amount, then to start the game press the PLAY button. Once the PLAY button has been selected the stake is deducted from the current balance and the game starts. End of the game At the end of the game, any winnings are displayed. To play again press the PLAY button. Once the PLAY button has been selected the stake is deducted from the current balance and the game starts. How to play Press PLAY and the coloured gems will fall into place on the game board. Match 5 or more gems of the same colour connected horizontally and/or vertically to create a Gem Cluster*. Find Gem Clusters to win prizes. Any Gem Clusters are destroyed and result in new gems falling into place from above. The game continues until no Gem Clusters are present on the game board. FREE GOES Find 3 or more adjacent FREE GO symbols to unlock free goes*. Then pick 1 of the 6 cards to reveal the number of free goes awarded. BONUS GAMES Reveal 6 Gem Clusters in 1 game round to unlock the Bonus Games. Once unlocked there is a choice of 2 games to play: BONUS GAME 1 2 cards are dealt. Pick 1 of the cards. A new card will be dealt each time a prize is found. Any prize amounts revealed are won. The game continues until a COLLECT card is revealed, at which point any prizes previously revealed are awarded. BONUS GAME 2 Spin the wheel. Any prizes the wheel stops on are won. Keep spinning the wheel until it stops on an empty slot, at which point any prizes previously won on the wheel are awarded. AUTOPLAY Press the AUTO PLAY button to open the auto play interface. The following settings are available to define how many auto spins you would like to play: Number of plays – total number of games that will be played at the current stake. Loss limit – auto play will stop when you hit your loss limit, which can be set as a multiple of your current bet stake. If you don’t want a loss limit, simply select the ‘infinity’ symbol at the end of the row. Single win limit – auto play will stop when you hit a single win limit, which is set as a multiple of your current stake. If you don’t want a single win limit, simply select the ‘infinity’ symbol at the end of the row. Once you have defined your settings of choice, press 'SET AUTO PLAY' to start your auto play session at the currently selected stake. Press the stop button at anytime to stop any auto play games once the current round is completed. *symbols must be connected horizontally or vertically. Diagonals do not count. Winning Wins are achieved by: Revealing Gem Clusters on the main game board. BONUS GAME 1 - Pick a card, win prize amounts revealed. BONUS GAME 2 - Spinning the wheel, win the prizes the wheel stops on. General information System malfunction voids all pays and all plays. This game is a game of chance. The outcome of a play in the game is pre-determined. Actions or choices made by player do not affect the outcome of the game. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 90.63% The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 7/1/2020