Volcano! Introduction Press PLAY and the coloured blocks will fall into place on the game board. Match 5 or more like blocks connected horizontally and/or vertically to create a Block Cluster and win prizes! Find 6 Block Clusters in one game round to unlock the Bonus Games! Start the game Select the stake amount, then to start the game press the PLAY button. Once the PLAY button has been selected the stake is deducted from the current balance and the game starts. End of the game At the end of the game, any winnings are displayed. To play again press the PLAY button. Once the PLAY button has been selected the stake is deducted from the current balance and the game starts. How to play Press PLAY and the coloured blocks will fall into place on the game board. Match 5 or more blocks of the same colour connected horizontally and/or vertically to create a Block Cluster*. Find Block Clusters to win prizes. The prize won per Block Cluster is shown on the in-game Pay Table. Any Block Clusters are destroyed and result in new blocks falling into place from above. The game continues until no Block Clusters are present on the game board. FREE PLAYS Find 3 or more adjacent FREE PLAY symbols to unlock free plays*. Then pick 1 of the 6 coloured lava bubbles to reveal the number of free plays awarded. The free plays then play out automatically. BONUS GAMES Reveal 6 Gem Clusters in 1 game round to unlock the Bonus Games. Once unlocked there is a choice of 2 games to play: HOT LAVA BONUS The player is presented with 6 mini volcanoes each with symbol and a prize. The player rolls the dice to reveal a symbol and wins the prize of the corresponding volcano (based on the symbol is won). The player keeps rolling the dice and winning prizes until the player rolls a symbol that they have previously rolled. At this point COLLECT appears and all prizes previously hit are awarded. TREASURE TOTEM BONUS The player keeps repeatedly tapping the totem until it is destroyed and reveals a prize. At this point the revealed prize is awarded. AUTOPLAY Press the AUTO PLAY button to open the auto play interface. The following settings are available to define how many auto spins you would like to play: Number of plays – total number of games that will be played at the current stake. Loss limit – auto play will stop when you hit your loss limit, which can be set as a multiple of your current bet stake. If you don’t want a loss limit, simply select the ‘infinity’ symbol at the end of the row. Single win limit – auto play will stop when you hit a single win limit, which is set as a multiple of your current stake. If you don’t want a single win limit, simply select the ‘infinity’ symbol at the end of the row. Once you have defined your settings of choice, press 'SET AUTO PLAY' to start your auto play session at the currently selected stake. Press the stop button at anytime to stop any auto play games once the current round is completed. *symbols must be connected horizontally or vertically. Diagonals do not count. Winning Wins are achieved by: Revealing Block Clusters on the main game board. HOT LAVA BONUS - Roll the dice, win the prize shown on the corresponding volcano. TREASURE TOTEM BONUS - Repeatedly tap the Totem to reveal a prize. General information System malfunction voids all pays and all plays. This game is a game of chance. The outcome of a play in the game is pre-determined. Actions or choices made by player do not affect the outcome of the game. The theoretical average return to player (RTP) is 90.63% The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 7/1/2020