Jail Break Game Objective: Jail Break is a five-reel, 50-payline slot game with 'Free Spins Game' features, which award free spins. Here there are two Free Spins Game features: The Jail Break Door feature and The Jail Break Rope feature. The Jail Break Door feature is triggered when three or more Scattered Key symbols appear anywhere in view. The Jail Break Rope feature is triggered when three or more Scattered Rope symbols appear anywhere in view. top Game Information: You can bet on up to fifty lines. top How to play: Setting 'LINES': Fifty lines are selected by default. Lines can be changed by clicking ◄ and ► buttons available to the Left & Right of the 'LINES' indicator on the game screen respectively. Selected lines are lit and unselected lines are not lit. Player can also select/deselect lines by clicking on the desired line number at the end of the lines. Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet of EUR 0.25 per line is set for all 50 lines, resulting in a total bet of EUR 12.50. You can choose to increase or decrease the bet per line by using the ◄ and ► buttons available to the Left & Right of the 'BETS' indicator on the game screen respectively. If your game balance drops below your total bet placed, bet and lines will not get adjusted to the next possible bet instead Re-buy window will appear. If you have no funds in your account, the deposit option will pop up. Max Bet: To play with 50 lines and EUR 50.00 bet per line, click on 'MAX BET'. If your game balance is not sufficient, this option is disabled. The number of selected lines is multiplied by the 'bet per line', and the total bet amount is displayed in the 'TOTAL BET' meter, which is located at the bottom Left of the game screen. 'PAYTABLE': The 'PAYTABLE' can be viewed by clicking on the 'PAYTABLE' button located above the 'TOTAL BET' meter. To calculate the Line win, multiply the respective prize with the bet per line. To calculate the scatter win ,multiple the prize with total bet. You can go back to the game by clicking on the 'BACK TO GAME' button RULES: Game rules can be viewed by clicking on 'HELP' button which is located to the left of the 'PAYTABLE' button. You can go back to the game by clicking on the 'BACK TO GAME' button. SPIN: Click on SPIN to start spinning the reels. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines, or any scatter wins, will be paid according to the paytable. Result: Any wins are indicated by their paylines highlighted and symbols animating or, in the case of a scatter win, by the symbols animating. The individual line wins are shown at the end of each winning line. Also Total win amount is shown in the ticker message area at bottom of the reels Repeat Bet/Change Bet: If you have already bet, the settings selected will be automatically carried over to the subsequent spin if there is sufficient amount. Simply click on 'SPIN' to play with the same bet again. To change your bet, use the ◄ and ► buttons near the 'BETS' or 'LINES' indicators as explained above. Credits: Your remaining game balance, after you have placed the desired bet, is shown in 'CREDITS' meter. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed in the 'CREDITS' meter and the 'TOTAL BET' meter. 'AUTOSPIN': You can make use of this feature to choose amongst the various options for 'hands free' game play. Options available under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will automatically spin for the number of spins selected from the drop-down menu. You can choose any number of games and play until your balance is less than the total bet placed. Spin till win is equal to or exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount selected from the drop down menu. Spin till any win: The game will automatically spin until the next win. Spin till feature trigger: The game will automatically spin until the next feature is triggered. Spin till my balance exceeds or equals to: The game will automatically spin until the game balance is greater than or equal to the amount entered. Note that 'game balance' implies the sum of the amounts given in 'TOTAL CREDITS' meter and 'TOTAL BET' meter. Spin till my balance falls below or equals to: The game will automatically spin until the game balance is less than or equal to the amount entered. Note that 'Game balance' implies the sum of amounts given in 'TOTAL CREDITS' meter and 'TOTAL BET' meter. Play faster: This option lets you play faster than usual by reducing the break time. You must choose at least one of the other available Auto Spin options before selecting 'Play Faster'. To make use of the auto spin feature, click on the 'AUTO SPIN' button at the bottom of the game screen. When the auto spin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Select from the drop-down menu where applicable. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Click on 'CANCEL' to return to the game screen. You can deactivate 'AUTO SPIN' by clicking on the 'STOP SPIN' button. If spin is in progress, 'AUTO SPIN' will be stopped after completing the current spin. Otherwise 'AUTO SPIN' is stopped immediately. When playing with multiple 'AUTO SPIN' options, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be ignored. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again, or choose new option(s), and proceed with the 'AUTO SPIN'. Please note: The 'AUTOSPIN' option is not available in play money mode. Click on 'GAME LOGS' to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on 'GAME RULES' to view the detailed rules of the game as web page. Click on 'REBUY' to buy more credits into the game from your Borgata Online account. Click on 'EXIT GAME' to leave the game and return to the Lobby The game rules are identical in both real money and play money modes. top Rules Play 1 to 50 lines. LINES can be changed by using the ◄ and ► buttons. BET amount can be changed by using the ◄ and ► buttons. SPIN begins the game with the currently selected BET and LINES. MAX BET selects 50 lines and maximum bet per line. Payouts are displayed on the PAYTABLE. Payline wins are multiplied by the amount bet per line. Highest win amount is paid on each selected payline. Coinciding wins on different lit lines are all added to your total. Scatter wins are multiplied by total bet and added to payline wins. All symbols pay Left to Right except scattered symbols which pay anywhere in view. Jail Break Logo substitutes for all other symbols except Scattered Rope and Scattered Key symbols. Jail Break Logo appears only on reels 1, 2, 3, and 4 Jail Break Logo works only in conjunction with other symbols except the Scattered Key and Scattered Rope symbols. Malfunctions Voids all Pays and Plays. top Features Jail Break Free Spins Game: The Jail Break Door feature will be triggered when three or more scattered key symbols appear anywhere in view. The Jail Break Rope feature will be triggered when three or more scattered rope symbols appear anywhere in view. Jail Break Door and Rope features both award free spins and free spins multiplier. The number of free spins and free spins multiplier awarded are random. All prizes during free spins are multiplied by the revealed free spins multiplier. A maximum of 25 free spins and a maximum of 7 free spins multiplier (7x) are awarded in the Jail Break Door feature. A maximum of 50 free spins and a maximum of 10 free spins multiplier (10x) are awarded in Jail Break Rope feature. The Free Spins features cannot be re-triggered. Free spins are played at the same number of lines and bet per line of the triggering game. Free spin wins are added to payline and scatter wins. top Paytable Click on PATABLE button in the main game screen, game will navigate to Paytable screen. The theoretical return to player of this game is 95.01%. Paylines : I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete the game for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game Logs' button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected after triggering or in the middle of the Jail Break Free Spins Game, on reconnection, the software will automatically start the Jail Break Free Spins Game, if not already started, or resume from where it was disconnected. After completing the free spins, you can resume playing the same game, or you can select another game of your choice. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team. top Last modification date: 7/6/2022