Joker Poker Deuces Wild Game Objective Joker Poker Deuces Wild is played against the machine. The objective of the game is to obtain a five-card poker hand containing at least three of a kind or better, to the maximum of 'Four Deuces plus Joker'. See the paytable below for more details. Once you have placed a bet, you get dealt five cards. You then choose the cards you want to hold, and the cards you want to discard. The machine replaces the cards you discard, leaving you with your final hand. You win according to the rank of your hand. top top Game overview All suits (spades, hearts, clubs, and diamonds) have equal rank. The game is played with a 53 card deck. This consists of the 52 regular playing cards and 1 Joker. Joker is wild and substitutes for all other cards except the four Deuces, to complete a final hand. The four Deuces are wild and substitutes for all other cards to complete a final hand. The cards are shuffled at the start of every game. top top How to play The minimum bet is EUR 0.10 and the maximum bet is EUR 400. The total bet amount is shown in the 'Total Bet' box at the left side of the paytable in the game screen. Paytable: The machine pays out as per the 'PAYTABLE' shown at the top of the game screen. The prizes displayed in the 'PAYTABLE' are for a unit bet and are shown as credits. To get the effective payoff amount, multiply the respective prize with the bet amount. Click 'Deal' to receive five cards face up. The built-in Auto Hold feature will automatically select the cards to Hold according to the best strategy. You can choose to de-select a card marked 'HOLD' by clicking on it. Auto Hold option can be turned off. Clicking on a card will place a 'Hold' symbol on it. To remove the 'Hold' symbol, click on the card again. After making your selection, click 'Draw'. The cards that are not held will be replaced, leaving you with your final hand. Your win is based on the combination of the final set of cards, according to the paytable shown at the top of the game screen. Your winnings are shown in a big font blinking over the cards. The type of the winning hand should be shown blinking in the paytable. The Credits are adjusted accordingly with the win amount. The default bet for the next game is the same as the amount bet in the previous one. You can choose to increase or decrease your bet as you wish. Click on 'Rules' button at the bottom left of the game screen to view the game rules. Click on 'GAME LOGS' to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on 'VERSION' to view the current version number & game rules of the game. Click on 'REBUY' to buy more credits into the game from your sportingbet.com account. Click on 'EXIT GAME' to leave the game and return to the Lobby. The game rules are identical in both real money and play money modes. top top Paytable The paytable lists the prizes for winning hands. Only the highest winning hand is paid. All prizes shown in the 'PAYTABLE' are in credits. To calculate the dollar/cents equivalent, multiply the prize by the bet amount. Paytable Poker Hands Win Cards Four Deuces plus Joker 1200 All four deuces and a joker. Royal flush 400 A, K, Q, J, 10 of the same suit. Four Deuces 25 All four deuces, plus one other card. Wild Royal Flush 12 A, K, Q, J, 10 of the same suit using the wild card. Five of a kind 8 Four cards of the same rank, plus a wild card. Straight flush 6 Five cards of the same suit in sequence. Four of a kind 3 Four cards of the same rank. Full house 3 Three of a kind plus a pair. Flush 3 Five cards of the same suit. Straight 2 Five cards in sequence (Ace can be low or high). Three of a kind 1 Three cards of the same rank. The theoretical return to player of this game is 97.14% I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected when the cards are dealt, please log back in to your sportingbet.com account variale and complete the unfinished game which is automatically opened on re-login. If you get disconnected just after the cards are drawn, then the game is treated as complete and on re-login you can check the game details in game logs. If you are unable to play or are experiencing other problems, please contact our Customer Care Team. Malfunctions Voids all Pays and Plays top Last modification date: 3/29/2018