Joker Poker Deuces Wild 100 Game objective: Joker Poker Deuces Wild 100 is played against the machine. It is a 100 hand game and the objective of the game is to obtain a five-card poker hand containing at least three of a kind or better, to the maximum of Four Deuces plus Joker in as many of your 100 hands as possible. You place a bet and the machine gives you five initial cards. You then choose the cards you want to hold and the cards you want to discard. The machine then holds the same cards in each of other 99 “mini-hands”. When you click on “DRAW” the machine replaces the cards you discard in each of your 100 hands, using a fresh deck on every hand. You win according to the rank of your hands. top Game information: All suits (spades, hearts, clubs, and diamonds) have equal rank. The game is played with a 53 card deck. This consists of the 52 regular playing cards and 1 Joker Joker is wild and substitutes for all other cards except the four Deuces, to complete a final hand. The four Deuces are wild and substitutes for all other cards to complete a final hand The cards are shuffled at the start of every game. top How to play The minimum bet is EUR 1 and the maximum bet is EUR 400. 'Credits', 'Total Bet', 'Bet per hand' fields are shown on top left corner of the game screen. 'Bet per hand' is the amount that you bet on each hand. The bets can be changed using the up/down arrow buttons available on either side of 'BET' at the bottom of the game screen. The total bet amount is shown in the 'Total Bet' box at the top left corner in game screen under 'Credits', which is total bet placed on all the hands. Paytable: The machine pays out as per the 'PAYTABLE' shown at left, right and top side of the main hand in the game screen. The prizes displayed in the 'PAYTABLE' are for a unit bet and are shown as credits. To get the effective payoff amount, multiply the respective prize with the 'Bet per hand' amount. Each winning mini hand is highlighted according to the color code of the win type in the paytable. The number of winning hands is shown to the left of each win type in the paytable. Click 'DEAL' to receive five cards face-up. The built-in Auto Hold feature will automatically select the cards to Hold according to the best strategy. You can choose to de-select a card marked 'HOLD' by clicking on it. Auto Hold option can be turned off. Clicking on a card will place a 'HOLD' symbol on that card, to remove the 'HOLD' symbol click on the card again. Each time you hold a card in your main hand, the same card is also held from its own deck in each of the 99 mini hands. After making your selection, click 'DRAW'. The cards that are not held will be replaced in each hand, leaving you with your final hand. Each hand will have cards replaced from its own deck of cards. Your win is based on the combination of the final set of cards in each hand and according to the paytable shown on either side of the main hand. Your winnings are shown in a big font blinking over the game screen. The Credits are adjusted accordingly with the win amount. The default bet for the next game is the same as the bet you placed in the previous game. You can then choose to increase or decrease your bet as you wish. Click on 'RULES' button on the bottom left of the game screen to view the game rules. Click on the 'GAMELOGS' button to view the logs of the games you played. Click on 'VERSION' to view the current version number of the game. Click on 'REBUY' to buy-in more credits to the game balance from your sportingbet.com Account. To exit the game, click on 'EXIT GAME'. The game rules are identical in both real money and play money modes. top Paytable The 'paytable' lists the prizes for winning hands. Only the highest winning hand is paid in each hand. All prizes shown in the 'PAYTABLE' are in credits. To calculate the dollar/cents equivalent, multiply the prize by the 'Bet per hand' amount. Paytable Poker Hands Win Cards Four Deuces plus Joker 1,200 All four deuces and a joker. Royal flush 400 A, K, Q, J, 10 of the same suit. Four Deuces 25 All four deuces, plus one other card. Wild Royal Flush 12 A, K, Q, J, 10 of the same suit using the wild card. Five of a kind 8 Four cards of the same rank, plus a wild card. Straight flush 6 Five cards of the same suit in sequence. Four of a kind 3 Three of a kind plus a pair. Full house 3 Three of a kind plus a pair. Flush 3 Five cards of the same suit. Straight 2 Five cards in sequence (Ace can be low or high). Three of a kind 1 Three cards of the same rank. The theoretical return to player of this game is 97.14% I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected when the cards are dealt, please log back in to your sportingbet.com Account and complete the unfinished game which is automatically opened on re-login. If you get disconnected just after the cards are drawn, then the game is treated as complete and on re-login you can check the game details in game logs. If you are unable to play or are experiencing other problems, please contact our Customer Service team. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. top Last modification date: 3/29/2018