Joystick Generation Game objective: Joystick Generation is a five-reel ‘allways’ slot game with 1,024 possible ways to win in the main game and free spins. Symbols pay from left to right in consecutive combinations including reel 1 except the scattered Joystick Generation Logo symbols which pay anywhere in view. 3 or more scattered Joystick Generation symbols appearing anywhere in view on the reels award the Bucket Head feature. top Game information: The betting limits are shown on the game screen title bar. top How to play: Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet per line is set. You can choose to increase or decrease the total bet by using the ◄ and ► buttons available to the left & right of the ' BET' indicator on the game screen respectively. Max Bet: To play with Max bet , click on 'MAX BET'. If your game balance is not sufficient, this option is disabled. The total bet amount is displayed in the 'TOTAL BET' meter, which is located at the bottom left of the game screen beneath Rules and Paytable buttons. RULES: Game rules screen can be viewed by clicking on 'RULES' button which is located just below the 'PAYTABLE' button. 'PAYTABLE': The 'PAYTABLE' screen can be viewed by clicking on the 'PAYTABLE' button above “RULES” button. WIN AMOUNT CALCULATION: Winning symbol combinations may occur from left to right in All possible Ways on consecutive reels except Joystick Scatter symbol. Only the highest paying combination on each Way is paid which appears left to right on consecutive reels including reel 1 as per the game. E.g. if symbol Ace appears on reels 1, 2, 3, 4 and 5 (positioned at 0,1,2,3 and 4) respectively then the payout will happen for 5 Ace symbols only. The reel structure numbering for winning combinations in main game and free spin game is as below: Main game: 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 Free spin game: 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 If two of the same symbols appear in reel 1, 2 and 3 of that symbol appears on reel 3 then way win does not pay for 5 of those symbol combinations together. But it will pay for 3 separate Way wins using those 3 of the same symbols appearing on reel 3. e.g. If one symbol Ten lands on reel 1 and 2 and three symbols of Ten land on reel 3, then there will be three different Way wins for symbol Ten. Each way would be a win with three consecutive occurrences of symbol Ten. The reel position for the above way wins will be as below: 0, 1, 2 0, 1, 7 0, 1, 12 SPIN: Click on SPIN to start spinning the reels. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the reels, will be paid according to the Paytable. RESULT: If the combination of symbols appearing on the reels forms a way win of 3, 4 or 5 matching symbols (starting from the left) then you win. Any symbols that form part of a win will be highlighted and then animate. Total win amount is shown in the ticker message area at bottom of the reels. Repeat Bet/Change Bet: If you have already bet, the settings selected will be automatically carried over to the subsequent spin if there is sufficient amount. Simply click on 'SPIN' to play with the same bet again. To change your bet, use the ◄ and ► buttons near the 'BETS' indicator as explained above. TOTAL CREDITS: Your remaining game balance, after you have placed the desired bet, is shown in 'TOTAL CREDITS' meter i.e. the current game balance minus the total bet placed. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed in the 'TOTAL CREDITS' meter and the 'TOTAL BET' meter. 'AUTOSPIN': You can make use of this feature to choose amongst the various options for 'hands free' game play. Options available under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will automatically spin for the number of spins selected from the drop-down menu. You can choose any number of games and play until your balance is less than the total bet placed. Spin till win is equal to or exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount selected from the drop down menu. Spin till any win: The game will automatically spin until the next win. Spin till feature trigger: The game will automatically spin until the next feature is triggered. Spin till my balance exceeds or equals to: The game will automatically spin until the game balance is greater than or equal to the amount entered. The entered amount should always be greater than or equal to the game balance for the “START” button on the auto spin window to get enabled. Note that 'game balance' implies the sum of the amounts given in 'TOTAL CREDITS' meter and 'TOTAL BET' meter. Spin till my balance falls below or equals to: The game will automatically spin until the game balance is less than or equal to the amount entered. The entered amount should always be less than or equal to the game balance for the “START” button on the auto spin window to get enabled. Note that 'Game balance' implies the sum of amounts given in 'TOTAL CREDITS' meter and 'TOTAL BET' meter. Play faster: This option lets you play faster than usual by reducing the break time. You must choose at least one of the other available Auto Spin options before selecting 'Play Faster'. To make use of the ‘AUTOSPIN’ feature, click on the 'AUTOSPIN' button available at the bottom right of the game screen. On the screen that opens up, select the checkboxes against the option/s of your choice. Select from the drop-down menu where ever applicable. If your current Game balance is not sufficient to support your choice of option/s, the ‘BUY-IN’ Window pops up allowing you to buy-in more credits from your Account. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Similarly, click on 'CANCEL' to skip the ‘AUTOSPIN’ feature and get back to the game screen. You can deactivate 'AUTO SPIN' by clicking on the 'STOP SPIN' button. If spin is in progress, 'AUTO SPIN' will be stopped after completing the current spin. Otherwise 'AUTO SPIN' is stopped immediately. When playing with multiple 'AUTO SPIN' options, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be ignored. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again, or choose new option(s), and proceed with the 'AUTO SPIN'. Please note: The 'AUTOSPIN' option is not available in play money mode. Click on 'GAME LOGS' to view the logs of the games you've played. Always the logs of the previous games can be viewed but not for the last game. Click on 'GAME RULES' to view the detailed rules of the game as web page. Click on 'REBUY' to buy more credits into the game from your Account. Click on 'EXIT GAME' to leave the game and return to the Lobby. Click on 'QUICK DEPOSIT' button to deposit money into your Account. The game rules are identical in both real money and play money modes. The “GAME LOGS” and “REBUY” functionality is applicable only for the real money game play. top Game rules: No payline – always slot – 1,024 ways in main game and free spins. 5 reel slot 4 x 5 slot view in main game and in free spins Payouts are made according to the paytable. Bet amount can be changed by using the ◄ and ► buttons. SPIN begins the game with the currently selected BET. MAX BET selects maximum bet for the game. Payouts are displayed on the PAYTABLE. Way wins are multiplied by total bet amount. Only the highest win on each possible way will be paid. Coinciding wins on different Ways are all added to the total. All possible winning combinations are added to your total. All wins occur on Ways, except for scattered Joystick Generation Logo which pays anywhere in view. All symbols pay from left to right only except for scattered Joystick Generation Logo which pays anywhere in view. Wild symbols substitutes for all other symbols and works only in conjunction with all other symbols, except the scattered Joystick Generation logo symbol. Wild symbol expansion can also occur during free spins. Way wins are paid only after WILD expansion. Malfunctions Voids all Pays and Plays. top Wild symbol: There are 5 expanding wilds Reginald B. Munch, Ba Boom, Veronica the Cow Superdom and Squid pig. They will appear on reel one to Five in that respective order. Wild symbols will turn any of the symbols into Wild after the expansion including scatter symbol. Reginald B wild symbol appears only on Reel1. When Reginald B appears anywhere on Reel1, he will move over the reels in a random pattern, eating up some of the symbols and turning them wild. Ba Boom symbol appears only on Reel2. When Ba Boom symbol appears anywhere on Reel2, he will move to the symbol at the top left of Reel1 turning it wild. He will then roll watermelons down the screen that will follow a random pattern. These watermelons will stop on certain symbols, turning them wild. Veronica the Cow symbol appears only on Reel3. When Veronica the Cow symbol appears anywhere on Reel3, a spaceship will appear at the top of reel three and 'beam' her up. On her way to space ship Veronica will turn the square she appeared on and ALL the symbols above her in the REEL SHE APPEARS in to Wild. Superdom symbol appears only on Reel4. When Super Dom symbol appears anywhere on Reel4, Superdom will move over the reels in a random pattern, hitting some of the symbols and turning them wild. Squid pig appears only on Reel5. When Squid pig appears on Reel5, he will rise to the top of reel five and fly across the screen. On his way across squid pig will drop ink bombs that will land on random symbols and turning them wild. Only one of the 5 wild symbols can land in a spin. Minimum number of wild symbols before expansion is only 1. When Reginald B. Munch, Ba Boom, Superdom and Squid pig appears on the reels, minimum number of symbols that can be turned in to Wild INCLUDING ORIGINAL WILD is 2 and the maximum number of symbols that can be turned in to Wild INCLUDING ORIGINAL WILD is 16, during base game and free spins. When Veronica the Cow symbol appears on the reel3 minimum number of symbols that can be turned in to Wild INCLUDING ORIGINAL WILD is 1 and the maximum number of symbols that can be turned in to Wild INCLUDING THE ORIGINAL WILD is 4, during base game and free spins. When Veronica the Cow symbol appears on the top position of reel3 then maximum number of symbols that can be turned in to Wild is 1. top Bucket Head feature: 3 or more scattered Joystick Generation symbols appearing anywhere in view on the reels award the Bucket Head feature. Bucket Head Feature screen is shown. Bucket Head feature will occur in any of the random 5 levels. Five levels are Daytime, Night time, Desert, Underwater and space. On the feature screen use the left and right arrow keys on your keyboard to move super Dom across the screen to bag the booty in his bucket. If player catches the booty successfully EACH TIME the SUPER DOM catches booty successfully then it will award a RANDOM number of free spins or a multiplier. Free spins or free spin multipliers will be accumulated for each successful catch of booty. Once the bucket Head feature is completed then free spins game will start. the cow Melanie will come and then Super Dom makes a fast exit to escape and the next screen will display with the total number of free spins and multipliers awarded. Then the player can start free spins by clicking on the 'Continue' button Free spins are played with multiplier awarded in Bucket Head Feature. The player is then taken to the free spins round. Free spins are displayed in the 4 X 5 slot view. All Way wins during free spins are multiplied by the free spins multiplier awarded. The Free Spins feature cannot be retriggered during free spins. Once all the free spins are completed, normal game is restored. Free spins are played at the same bet of the triggering game. The number of free spins and free spins multiplier denoted are random. Number of free spins awarded with each trigger range from 6 to 30 and the multiplier awarded with each trigger ranges from 2 to 8. Wins during free spins are added to the game balance and also the total free spins win is displayed in the ticker area at the end of free spins.. All symbols pay from left to right in any consecutive combination including reel 1 except scattered symbols which pay anywhere in view. Expanding wilds will appear in free spins. Malfunctions void all pay and play. top PAYTABLE: Click on the PAYTABLE button in the main game screen and the game will navigate to the paytable screen. The paytable consists of two different pages. When clicked on the NEXT/ PREVIOUS button available in the paytable page it slides from left to right and right to left accordingly. RULES: Click on “RULES” button in the main game screen, game will navigate to Rules screen. The Rules page consists of 7 separate pages. When clicked on the NEXT/ PREVIOUS button available in the rules page it slides from left to right and right to left accordingly. When another Rules page is selected from the interface that page closes in on top of the other one. The theoretical return to player of this game is 94.08% . Adding funds to your account To add funds to your Account, click on 'DEPOSIT' in the 'Cashier' menu, then select the desired deposit option (Play Anywhere clients) or click on 'DEPOSIT' in the 'Cashier' option on left panel in Main Lobby, then select the desired deposit option (Download clients). You can also add funds to your account by clicking on 'REBUY' on the game screen and then clicking on 'DEPOSIT NOW'. The time taken to transfer funds and the fees charged will vary depending on which deposit option you choose. What do I do if I reach my betting limits? If your game balance drops below the minimum bet, Buy-In window will be automatically presented. To add funds to your Account, click on the 'DEPOSIT' option in the 'Cashier' menu in the Main Lobby (Play Anywhere clients) or click on 'DEPOSIT' in the 'Cashier' option on left panel in Main Lobby, then select the desired deposit option (Download clients), or click the 'DEPOSIT NOW' button in the 'Buy-In' window of any game. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete the game for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game Logs' button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected after triggering or in the middle of the Free Spins Game, on reconnection, the software will automatically start the Free Spins Game, if not already started, or resume from where it was disconnected. After completing the free spins, you can resume playing the same game, or you can select another game of your choice. If you get disconnected after a Wild symbol appears and before the expansion, on reconnection Wild symbol expansion occurs and the Way wins are displayed. However if you get disconnected after the expansion, on reconnection the Way wins are not shown and the player has to find out the result in Game Logs. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Service team. top Last modification date: 1/31/2017