King Kong Game Objective: King Kong is a five-reel, twenty-five-line Non Jackpot slot game with 'The King Kong Goes Ape Feature' and 'The King Kong Smash Feature' that gives you the chance to win extra prizes. The King Kong Goes Ape Feature is awarded when King Kong appears anywhere on Reel 3. The King Kong Smash Feature is awarded when 3 or more Scattered Logos appear anywhere from left to right. top Game Information: The minimum bet amount is EUR 0.01 and the maximum bet amount is EUR 800. You can bet on up to twenty five lines. top How to play: Setting 'LINES': Twenty Five lines are selected by default. Lines can be changed by clicking ↑ and ↓ arrow button available to the right side of the 'LINES' indicator on the game screen respectively. Selected lines are lit, and unselected lines are not lit. Player can select/deselect lines by clicking on desired line number at the end of lines. Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet of EUR 0.10 per line is set for all 25 lines, resulting in a total bet of EUR 2.50. You can choose to increase or decrease the bet per line by using the ↑ and ↓ arrows available beside the 'BET' indicator. If your game balance is less than EUR 2.50, the system will automatically adjust the bet to the next highest possible amount. Max Bet: To play with 25 lines and EUR 32.00 bet per line, click on 'BETMAX'. If your game balance is not sufficient, this option is disabled. The number of selected lines is multiplied by the 'bet per line', and the total bet amount is displayed under the 'TOTAL BET' meter, which is located at the bottom right of the game screen. 'PAYTABLE': The 'PAYTABLE' can be viewed by clicking on the 'PAYTABLE' button located on the bottom left of the main console screen. To calculate the payout amount, multiply the respective prize with the bet per line. Note that to calculate the payout for scattered logo symbol, multiply the respective prize with the total bet. You can go back to the game by clicking on the 'GAME' button. SPIN: Click on SPIN to start spinning the reels. Player can spin the reels by clicking Space bar on keyboard. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines, or any scatter wins, will be paid according to the paytable. Result: Any wins are indicated by their paylines highlighted and symbols animating or, in the case of a scatter win, by their symbols animating. The Free games feature win amount is shown at the top of the reels as a message. The individual line wins are shown at the end of each winning line. PAID: Any Line win/ Scatter win which are paid in Normal spin, The King Kong Goes Ape Feature and The King Kong Smash Feature are also shown in 'PAID' field. The King Kong Goes Ape Feature: The King Kong Goes Ape Feature is awarded when King Kong appears anywhere on Reel 3. All positions on Reel 3 become substitutes and the reel 3 expands with a King Kong animation played after paying winning combination from the base game. Additional substitutes are added to Reels 2 and 4 randomly. Payouts are calculated and awarded. The King Kong Goes Ape Feature is played at the lines and bet of the triggering game. The King Kong Goes Ape Feature payline prizes are multiplied by the wager per payline. The King Kong Goes Ape Feature wins are added to payline and scatter wins. The King Kong Smash Feature: The King Kong Smash Feature is awarded when 3 or more Scattered Logos appear anywhere left to right. Player can select SMASH LEFT/ SMASH RIGHT buttons for King Kong to destroy the planes. Once King Kong misses smashing 3 planes, the player may choose to take any 1 of the 3 mystery credit prizes or Free Games. Continue Button: A Continue button will be presented during the Free Games feature. This button allows the player to bypass the display of winning paylines and associated symbol animations and continues to next free game. The keyboard shortcut for the Continue button is the spacebar. Repeat Bet/Change Bet: If you have already bet, the settings selected will be automatically carried over to the subsequent spin. Simply click on 'SPIN' to play with the same bet again. To change your bet, use the Up-arrow and Down-arrow buttons near the 'BET' or 'LINES' indicators as explained above. Credits: Your remaining game balance, after you have placed the desired bet, is shown under 'CREDIT'. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the 'CREDIT' meter and the 'TOTAL BET' meter. 'AUTOPLAY': You can make use of this feature to choose 'hands free' game play for selected number of spins. To increase or decrease the auto spin count choose Left (-) and Right (+) arrows displayed in the bottom left of the game screen. Maximum number of Auto Play games can be selected is 99. Click on 'SPIN' to activate the selected option and start the spins. Click on 'STOP' to deactivate the AUTOPLAY options. While 'AUTO PLAY' is in progress you can interrupt the game by clicking on the 'STOP' button. If spin is in progress, 'AUTO PLAY' will be stopped after completing the current spin other wise 'AUTO PLAY' is stopped immediately and normal game is restored. Click on 'GAME LOGS' to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on 'GAME RULES' to view the current version number & game rules of the game. Click on 'REBUY' to buy more credits into the game from your bwin account. Click on 'EXIT GAME' to leave the game and return to the Lobby. The game rules are identical in both real money and play money modes. top Rules Play 1 to 25 lines LINES can be changed by using the ↑ and ↓ arrows BET amount can be changed by using the ↑ and ↓ arrows SPIN begins the game with the current BET and LINES BET MAX selects 25 lines and maximum bet per line. Payouts are displayed on the PAYTABLE Payline wins are multiplied by the amount bet per line Highest win amount is paid on each selected payline Scatter wins are multiplied by total bet and added to payline wins. All wins occur on selected pay lines, except for scattered Logo. Feature wins are added to scatter and payline wins Win combinations pay from left to right including Scattered Logo King Kong appears on Reels 2, 3 and 4 only and substitutes for all symbols except Scattered Logo Paid amount at the end of The King Kong Goes Ape feature shows cumulative of slot base game and The King Kong Goes Ape feature win. Malfunctions Voids all Pays and Plays. Coinciding wins on different lit lines are all added to your total. top Features KING KONG GOES APE FEATURE The King Kong Goes Ape Feature is awarded when King Kong symbol appears anywhere on Reel 3 Only. After paying winning combinations from the base game, all positions on Reel 3 become substitutes and the reel 3 expands with a King Kong animation played. Additional substitutes are added to Reels 2 and 4 randomly and payouts are recalculated and awarded. King Kong Goes Ape Feature payline prizes are calculated and awarded on the wager per payline. The King Kong Goes Ape Feature is played at the lines and bet of the triggering game. KING KONG SMASH FEATURE The King Kong Smash Feature is awarded when 3 or more Scattered Logos appear anywhere from left to right. Player can select SMASH LEFT/ SMASH RIGHT buttons for King Kong to destroy the planes. Keep smashing planes until King Kong misses 3 times. The last selection that the player makes will always result in a miss. Once King Kong misses smashing 3 planes, the player may choose to take any 1 of the 3 mystery credit prizes or Free Games. Win up to 150 Free Games with all prizes doubled. If the mystery credit prize is selected, all Free Games are forfeit. The mystery credit prize is based on random multipliers multiplied by the total bet and is awarded in random. King Kong Smash Feature wins are added to payline and scatter wins When 3 or more Scattered Logos appear left to right during Free Games, the same number of Free Games are awarded without repeating the Feature. Free Games are played at the lines and bet of the triggering game The King Kong Goes Ape Feature cannot be triggered during Free Games Free Game Feature More numbers of Planes destroyed by King Kong during the King Kong Smash Feature accordingly results the number of Free Games. All prizes during free spins will be doubled. The Free Spins number doesn't change if free spins are re-triggered. The Free games are awarded as follows. Planes Hit No of Free Games 6 150 5 100 6 150 4 75 3 50 2 25 1 15 top Paytable Click on PAYTABLE button in the main game, game will navigate to Paytable screen. In PAYTABLE screen, on selection of RULES button game rules screen will be displayed. In RULES screen, on selection of NEXT button feature game rules screen will be displayed. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete the game for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game Logs' button once you have logged back in. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team. If you are disconnected after triggering or in the middle of the feature round (except the King Kong Goes Ape feature), on reconnection, the software will automatically start the feature round, if not already started, or resume from where it was disconnected. If player gets disconnected in middle of the King Kong Goes Ape feature (with or without substitutes on Reel 2 & 4), then software will automatically complete the feature. Note: Players can continue the game on re-login if they got disconnected before King Kong expanded. After completing the feature round, you can resume playing the same game, or you can select another game of your choice. top Last modification date: 7/6/2022