Adorned Peacock BASIC GAME RULES Minimum bet is 45 credits, which includes 1 credit wagered per line (30 credits) plus additional features. All pays are on selected lines only from the left most reel to the right on adjacent reels. Highest win only on each lit line. Wins on different lit lines are added. All wins are shown in credits. Line wins are multiplied by credits wagered per line. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. A player cannot influence the result of a game by stopping the reel spins. Player is responsible for ensuring correct credits are registered before play. The game display does not indicate how close you were to winning, and cannot necessarily be used to determine your chances of winning or losing if you continue to play. Each reel contains a number of adjacent positions that are randomly replaced with one of the following symbols: JEWEL, WOMAN, ZITHER, BLUE LILY, PEACH LILY, A, K, Q, J, 10 and 9, before the reel spin is initiated. All replacement positions are filled with the same symbol. PEACOCK appears on reels 2, 3, 4 & 5 only. PEACOCK substitutes for JEWEL, WOMAN, ZITHER, BLUE LILY, PEACH LILY, A, K, Q, J, 10 and 9. FREE GAME FEATURE 3 or more JEWEL wins trigger 5 free games. During the free games, reels with PEACOCK fully appearing on them are nudged until all positions on that reel are PEACOCK. Wins are paid after nudging. Different reels are used during the free games. Additional free games can be won during the free games. Credits bet and lines played are the same as the game that triggered the feature. BALANCE OF FORTUNE TM The balance of fortune feature is offered to the player when free games are triggered. The player may commence playing free games by selecting FREE GAME or exchange the free games by selecting SUPER FREE GAME. Every 5 free games are converted into 1 super free game. During super free games, all pays are 3x, 5x or 10x. During super free games, 3x, 5x or 10x are randomly chosen for each winning spin. If awarded, the number of additional free games will be displayed in the same box as the number of awarded super free games on the balance of fortune screen. Additional free games can be won during the super free games. Additional free games will start after the super free games finish. The same reel strips are used for both free games and super free games. Credits bet and lines played are the same as the game that triggered the feature. When playing the free games, the player may exchange the balance of their free games for SUPER FREE GAME by pressing BALANCE OF FORTUNE BUTTON provided the player has 5 or more free games remaining. The Theoretical Return To Player (RTP) is 94%. Last modification date: 10/29/2025