China Mystery with Quick Strike Online BASIC GAME RULES Minimum bet is 30 credits. All pays are on selected lines only from the left most reel to the right on adjacent reels. Highest win only on each lit line. Wins on different lit lines are added. All wins are shown in currency. Line wins are multiplied by credits wagered per line. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Player is responsible for ensuring correct credits are registered before play. The game display does not indicate how close you were to winning, and cannot necessarily be used to determine your chances of winning or losing if you continue to play. A player cannot influence the result of a game by stopping the reel spins. WOMAN appears on reels 2, 3, 4 & 5 only. WOMAN substitutes for COIN, MARK, TURTLE, POT, LANTERN, A, K, Q, J, 10 and 9 and appears on reels 2, 3,4 & 5 only. COIN pays are on activated lines only from the left most reel to the right on adjacent reels. Trigger wins are multiplied by the bet per line. ACTION STACKED SYMBOLS Each reel contains a number of adjacent positions that are randomly replaced with one of the following symbols: COIN, MARK, TURTLE, POT, LANTERN, A, K, Q, J, 10 and 9 before the reel spin is initiated. All replacement positions are filled with the same symbol. BALANCE OF FORTUNE When the free game feature is triggered the player may commence playing free games by selecting FREE GAME or exchange the free games by selecting CREDIT PRIZE. The CREDIT PRIZE is a random amount that, on average, is greater when more free games are exchanged. When playing free games the player may exchange the balance of their free games for a CREDIT PRIZE by pressing button, provided the player has more than 20 free games remaining. FREE GAME FEATURE 3, 4 or 5 COIN wins trigger 8, 10 or 15 free games respectively. All wins during the feature are doubled. Free games can be triggered again during the feature. During the feature, all pays are on 30 lines. Credits bet remain the same as the game that triggered the feature. Quick Strike Online Quick Strike Online is a two-level linked mystery progressive that is won randomly during game play. The mystery progressive win will occur within the range indicated below the progressive amount. The more a player bets the higher the chance of hitting a progressive. The chance of hitting the progressive is proportional to the amount wagered. Last modification date: 10/9/2024