Sands of Mystery BASIC GAME RULES Minimum bet is 135 credits. All wins are shown in currency. Only highest winner paid for each winning combination. Line pays occur on adjacent reels starting with the leftmost reel. All wins are added. Scatter wins are multiplied by the lines played times the bet per line. Each reel contains a number of adjacent positions that are randomly replaced with symbols from the pay table except PYRAMID or SCARAB. All replacement positions are filled with the same symbol. A player cannot influence the result of a game by stopping the reel spins. Player is responsible for ensuring correct credits are registered before play. The game display does not indicate how close you were to winning, and cannot necessarily be used to determine your chances of winning or losing if you continue to play. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. PYRAMID appear(s) on reels 2, 3 & 4 only and substitutes for all pay table symbols except SCARAB. SCARAB pays in any position. Only highest scatter win pays. STRIKE ZONETM This game uses a special reel area on reels 2, 3, & 4 during primary and free game play: Each PYRAMID that appears on a reel in the special area changes to 2XPYRAMID. Each 2XPYRAMID will multiply the pay for that line win 2X. When more than one multiplier is involved in a line win, the line win is multiplied by the product of these multipliers. FADE AWAY FEATURETM The Fade Away Feature is randomly triggered after reel spin and wins are paid for the initial game screen. During the Fade Away Feature, if A, K, Q, J, 10 or 9 appear on the game screen, they are eliminated and new symbols appear on the screen. If 2 stacked 2XPYRAMID appear on the same reel in the strike zone, then each 2XPYRAMID on that reel becomes 3XPYRAMID. If 3 stacked 3XPYRAMID appear on the same reel in the strike zone, then each 3XPYRAMID on that reel becomes 4XPYRAMID. The eliminations continue until all positions are filled with PYRAMID, 2XPYRAMID, 3XPYRAMID, 4XPYRAMID, SCARAB, WOMAN, SPHINX, EYE or ANKH. Each 2XPYRAMID, 3XPYRAMID and 4XPYRAMID will multiply the pay for that line win 2X, 3X and 4X respectively. When more than one multiplier is involved in a line win, the line win is multiplied by the product of these multipliers. Wins are paid when eliminations are complete. Credits bet and lines played are the same as the game that triggered the feature. FREE GAME FEATURE Any 3, 4 or 5 SCARAB trigger 10, 15 or 50 free games respectively. The Fade Away Feature occurs more frequently during the free games. Different reels are used during the free games. Additional free games can be won during the Free Game Feature. Credits bet and lines played are the same as the game that triggered the feature. Last modification date: 2/14/2023