Quest for Riches BASIC GAME RULES Minimum bet is 45 credits, which includes 1 credit wagered per line (30 credits) plus additional features.. All pays are on selected lines only from the left most reel to the right on adjacent reels. Highest win only on each lit line. Wins on different lit lines are added. All wins are shown in currency. Line wins are multiplied by credits wagered per line. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. A player cannot influence the result of a game by stopping the reel spins. Player is responsible for ensuring correct credits are registered before play. The game display does not indicate how close you were to winning, and cannot necessarily be used to determine your chances of winning or losing if you continue to play. Two symbols appear in each frame on reel 3. For each lit line passing through reel 3, the symbols in each frame are evaluated separately when part of a winning combination. WOMAN appears on reels 2, 3, 4 & 5 only. Substitutes for COMPASS, IDOL, GOLDBARS, DONKEY, MAP, A, K, Q, J, 10 and 9. TRIGGER pays are on activated lines only from the left most reel to the right on adjacent reels. ACTION STACKED SYMBOLS Each reel contains a number of adjacent positions that are randomly replaced with one of the following symbols: COMPASS, IDOL, GOLDBARS, DONKEY, MAP, A, K, Q, J, 10 and 9 before the reel spin is initiated. All replacement positions are filled with the same symbol. FREE GAME RULES 3, 4 or 5 COMPASS wins trigger 8, 10 or 15 free games respectively. All wins during the free games are 2X. Additional free games can be won during the free games. Credits bet and lines played are the same as the game that triggered the feature. BALANCE OF FORTUNE RULES The BALANCE OF FORTUNE feature is offered to the player when free games are triggered. The player may commence playing free games by selecting FREE GAME or exchange the free games by selecting SUPER FREE GAME. SUPER FREE GAME: Every 5 free games are converted into 1 super free game. During super free games, all pays are 7X, 12X or 18X. During super free games, 7X, 12X or 18X are randomly chosen for each winning spin. In addition to super free games, free games may be awarded at the free game multiplier. If awarded, the number of additional free games will be displayed in the same box as the number of awarded super free games on the BALANCE OF FORTUNE screen. Additional free games can be won during the super free games. Additional free games will start after the super free games finish. The same reel strips are used for both free games and super free games. Credits bet and lines played are the same as the game that triggered the feature. When playing the free games, the player may exchange the balance of their free games for SUPER FREE GAME by pressing ACTIVATE button provided the player has 5 or more free games remaining. Last modification date: 6/6/2024