Bull Mystery BASIC GAME RULES Minimum bet is 30 credits. All pays are on selected lines only from the left most reel to the right on adjacent reels. Highest win only on each lit line. Wins on different lit lines are added. All wins are shown in currency. Line wins are multiplied by credits wagered per line. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Player is responsible for ensuring correct credits are registered before play. The game display does not indicate how close you were to winning, and cannot necessarily be used to determine your chances of winning or losing if you continue to play. Each reel contains a number of adjacent positions that are randomly replaced with one of the following symbols: COIN, BULL, TROPHY, SHOES, HAT, A, K, Q, J, 10 and 9 before the reel spin is initiated. Additionally reels 2, 3, 4 & 5 contain a second set of adjacent positions that are randomly replaced with one of the following symbols: COIN, BULL, TROPHY, SHOES, HAT, A and K before the reel spin is initiated. Each set of Action Stacked Symbols is filled with the same symbol. All replacement positions may be filled with the same symbol of the following: COIN, BULL, TROPHY, SHOES, HAT, A and K before the reel spin is initiated. FLOWER appears on reels 2, 3, 4 & 5 only and substitutes for COIN, BULL, TROPHY, SHOES, HAT, A, K, Q, J, 10 and 9. COIN pays are on activated lines only from the left most reel to the right on adjacent reels. FEATURE GAME RULES 3, 4 or 5 COIN wins trigger 8, 10 or 12 free games respectively. All wins during the free games are doubled. Additional free games can be won during the free games. During the feature, all pays are on 30 lines. Credits bet remain the same as the game that triggered the feature. BALANCE OF FORTUNE RULES The BALANCE OF FORTUNE feature is triggered when the number of free games awarded is more than 7 free games. The player may commence playing free games by selecting FREE GAME or exchange the free games by selecting SUPER FREE GAME. SUPER FREE GAME: Every 7 free games is converted into 1 super free game. During super free games, all pays are 8x,18x or 28x. During super free games, 8x,18x or 28x are randomly chosen for each winning spin. In addition to super free games, free games may be awarded at the free game multiplier. If awarded, the number of additional free games will be displayed in the same box as the number of awarded super free games on the BALANCE OF FORTUNE screen. Additional free games can be won during the super free games. Additional free games will start after the super free games finish. The same reel strips are used for both free games and super free games. Credits bet and lines played are the same as the game that triggered the feature. When playing the free games, the player may exchange the balance of their free games for SUPER FREE GAME by pressing button provided the player has 7 or more free games remaining. Last modification date: 5/3/2024