Astronomical Magic BASIC GAME RULES Minimum bet is 45 credits, which includes 1 credit wagered per line (30 credits) plus additional features. All pays are on selected lines only from the left most reel to the right on adjacent reels except scatters. Highest win only on each lit line. Only highest scatter win pays. Wins on different lit lines are added. Scatter wins are added to line wins. All wins are shown in credits. Line wins are multiplied by credits wagered per line. Scatter wins are multiplied by the lines played times the bet per line. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Player is responsible for ensuring correct credits are registered before play. The game display does not indicate how close you were to winning, and cannot necessarily be used to determine your chances of winning or losing if you continue to play. MAN substitutes for TELESCOPE, BALANCE, CLOCK, BOOK, A, K, Q, J, 10 and 9. GEAR can only appear during the Lucky Frame feature. ACTION STACKED SYMBOLS Each reel contains a number of adjacent positions with FRAME that are randomly replaced with one of the following symbols: TELESCOPE, BALANCE, CLOCK, BOOK, A, K, Q, J, 10 and 9 before the reel spin is initiated. All positions with FRAME are filled with the same symbol. LUCKY FRAME FEATURE FRAME in any position on 3 or more reels triggers the Lucky Frame feature. Any reels with FRAME appearing on them are nudged until all positions on that reel have FRAME. Any reels with MAN appearing on them are nudged until all positions on that reel are MAN. All symbols in FRAME are randomly replaced with one of the following symbols: MAN, GEAR, TELESCOPE, BALANCE, CLOCK, BOOK, A, K, Q, J, 10 and 9. All positions with FRAME are filled with the same symbol. The initial symbol in FRAME can be selected for the replacement. The Lucky Frame feature cannot be triggered again during the Lucky Frame feature. Credits bet and lines played are the same as the game that triggered the feature. FREE GAME FEATURE The Free Game feature can only be triggered during the Lucky Frame feature. GEAR on any 3, 4 or 5 reels triggers 8, 18 or 88 free games respectively. During each free game, a reel is randomly chosen to have all positions on that reel replaced with the symbol with FRAME. Lucky Frame feature can be triggered during the Free Game feature where additional free games can be won. Different reels are used during the free games. Credits bet and lines played are the same as the game that triggered the feature. The Theoretical Return To Player (RTP) is 96%. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 5/10/2022