Chili Chili Fire BASIC GAME RULES Minimum bet is 45 credits, which includes 1 credit wagered per line (30 credits) plus additional features. All pays are on selected lines only from the left most reel to the right on adjacent reels except scatters. Highest win only on each lit line. Only highest scatter win pays. Wins on different lit lines are added. Scatter wins are added to line wins. All wins are shown in credits. Line wins are multiplied by credits wagered per line. Scatter wins are multiplied by the lines played times the bet per line. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Player is responsible for ensuring correct credits are registered before play. The game display does not indicate how close you were to winning, and cannot necessarily be used to determine your chances of winning or losing if you continue to play. Player cannot influence the result of a game by stopping the reels. MAN appears on reels 2, 3, 4 & 5 only. MAN substitutes for WOMAN, TREASURE, BIRD, GUITAR, A, K, Q, J, 10 and 9. The theoretical return to player for this game is 96% ACTION STACKED SYMBOLSTM Each reel contains a number of adjacent positions that are randomly replaced with one of the following symbols: WOMAN, TREASURE, BIRD, GUITAR, A, K, Q, J, 10 and 9 before the reel spin is initiated. All replacement positions are filled with the same symbol. FADE AWAY FEATURE The Fade Away feature is randomly triggered after reel spin and wins are paid for the initial game screen. During the Fade Away feature, if A, K, Q, J, 10 and 9 appear on the game screen, they are eliminated and new symbols appear on the screen. The eliminations continue until all positions are filled with MAN, CHILIES, WOMAN, TREASURE, BIRD or GUITAR. Wins are paid when eliminations are complete. Credits bet and lines played are the same as the game that triggered the feature. FREE GAME FEATURE Any 3, 4 or 5 CHILIES trigger 10, 12 or 25 free games respectively. Fade Away feature can frequently occur during the free games. Different reels are used during the free games. Additional free games can be won during the free games. Credits bet and lines played are the same as the game that triggered the feature. Last modification date: 5/17/2022