Sparkling Roses BASIC GAME RULES Minimum bet is 45 credits, which includes 1 credit wagered per line (30 credits) plus additional features. All pays are on selected lines only from the left most column to the right on adjacent columns except scatters. Highest win only on each lit line. Only highest scatter win pays. Wins on different lit lines are added. Scatter wins are added to line wins. All wins are shown in credits. Line wins are multiplied by credits wagered per line. Scatter wins are multiplied by the lines played times the bet per line. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. A player cannot influence the result of a game by stopping the reel spins. Player is responsible for ensuring correct credits are registered before play. The game display does not indicate how close you were to winning, and cannot necessarily be used to determine your chances of winning or losing if you continue to play. GEM appears on columns 2, 3, 4 and 5. GEM substitutes for WOMAN, PURSE, PERFUME, KEY, A, K, Q, J and 10. The theoretical return to player for this game is 96% ACTION STACKED SYMBOLS TM Each reel contains a number of adjacent positions that are randomly replaced with one of the following symbols: WOMAN, PURSE, PERFUME, KEY before the reel spin is initiated. All replacement positions are filled with the same symbol. WOMAN, PURSE, PERFUME and KEY can only appear on the reels when selected as the Action Stacked Symbol. MYSTERY MULTIPLIER Mystery Multiplier Feature occurs randomly during the primary game. At the beginning of the feature, the multipliers and their positions are selected randomly. The randomly selected multipliers are only applied to WOMAN, PURSE, PERFUME or KEY and will only be displayed if WOMAN, PURSE, PERFUME or KEY lands in any of the randomly selected positions. All multipliers appearing after the reels stop will be multiplied together. Any WOMAN, PURSE, PERFUME or KEY wins are multiplied by the total multiplier. The range of the total multiplier is x1 to x144. Different reels are used during the feature. GEM does not appear during the feature. FREE GAME FEATURE Any 3, 4 or 5 ROSE trigger 5, 8 or 12 free games respectively. Any 6 or more ROSE trigger 20 free games. Mystery Multiplier Feature is always active during the Free Game Feature. Additional free games can be won during the free games. Different reels are used during the feature. GEM does not appear during the feature. Credits bet and lines played are the same as the game that triggered the feature. Last modification date: 6/2/2022