Wealthy Monkey BASIC GAME RULES Minimum bet is 45 credits, which includes 1 credit wagered per line (30 credits) plus additional features. All pays are on selected lines only from the left most reel to the right on adjacent reels except scatters. Highest win only on each lit line. Only highest scatter win pays. Wins on different lit lines are added. Scatter wins are added to line wins. All wins are shown in credits. Line wins are multiplied by credits wagered per line. Scatter wins are multiplied by the lines played times the bet per line. A player cannot influence the result of a game by stopping the reel spins. Player is responsible for ensuring correct credits are registered before play. The game display does not indicate how close you were to winning, and cannot necessarily be used to determine your chances of winning or losing if you continue to play. Malfunction voids all pays and plays ACTION STACKED SYMBOLSTM Each reel contains a number of adjacent positions that are randomly replaced with one of the following symbols: BULL, BAT, FISH, GOURD, FLOWER, A, K, Q, J, 10 and 9 before the reel spin is initiated. All replacement positions are filled with the same symbol. FREE GAME FEATURE Any 3, 4 or 5 PEACH trigger 7, 15 or 30 free games respectively. Any 2, 3, 4 or 5 PEACH award additional 2, 7, 15 or 30 free games respectively during the free games. Randomly, MONKEY can upgrade to MONKEY 5X, MONKEY 3X or MONKEY 2X when part of a winning combination. If more than 1 MONKEY appears on a reel, then each MONKEY on that reel, when part of a winning combination, will upgrade to the same multiplier. MONKEY 5X, MONKEY 3X and MONKEY 2X substitute for BULL, BAT, FISH, GOURD, FLOWER, A, K, Q, J, 10 and 9. Each MONKEY 5X in a line win will multiply the pay for that line win X5. Each MONKEY 3X in a line win will multiply the pay for that line win X3. Each MONKEY 2X in a line win will multiply the pay for that line win X2. The range of the total multiplier is from X2 to X45. Different reels are used during the free games. Credits bet and lines played are the same as the game that triggered the feature. Last modification date: 6/21/2022