Kooka Keno Poker Kooka Keno Poker is played between you and our computer. The objective of the game is to obtain a five-card poker hand that contains a hand of at least Two Pair (without using a joker) or better, to the maximum of a Royal Flush using the wild card. See the 'paytable' below for more details. Once you have placed a bet, our computer will deal you five cards. You then choose the cards you want to hold and the cards you want to discard. Our computer will replace the cards you discard. You win according to the rank of your best possible hand. top Information The betting limits are shown on the game screen title bar. All suits (spades, hearts, diamonds, and clubs) have equal rank. The game is played with a single deck of 52 cards, plus one joker. The joker is the wild card, and substitutes for any other card to make the maximum winning hand available. The cards are shuffled at the start of every game. top How to play There is a default bet when you enter the game. You can choose to increase or decrease this bet by clicking the up and down arrows to the left and right of the 'BET' button. The bet amount is shown under 'BET' at the top of the game screen. Paytable: Our computer pays out according to the paytable shown at the top of the game screen. The prizes displayed in the paytable are per unit bet, and are shown as credits. To get the payout amount, multiply the respective prize with the bet amount. Click 'DEAL' to receive five cards face-up. The inbuilt 'autohold' system will automatically select the cards to hold according to their best mathematical return. You can choose to deselect a card marked 'HOLD' by clicking on it. Similarly, click on another card to hold it. You can hold up to five cards this way. After making your selection, click 'DRAW'. The cards that are not held will be replaced, leaving you with your final hand. Your win is based on the combination of cards in your final hand, according to the paytable shown at the top of the game screen. Your winnings are shown as dollars and cents under 'WIN' at the top of the game window. Your game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the 'CREDITS' meter and the 'BET' meter. A Full House or better will trigger the keno feature. Any Kooka Keno Poker win amount from the base game is shown under 'WIN' on the game screen. Any feature win from the Kooka Keno feature is shown under 'WIN' on the feature screen. After the feature is over, the amount under 'WIN' on the game screen shows the total of your wins from the base game and the feature game. If a feature game is triggered, any Kooka Keno Poker win from the regular game will be reflected under 'WIN', and a change to the amount under 'CREDITS' will also take place before the start of the feature game. The default bet amount for the next game will be the same amount as the bet you placed in the previous game. You can then choose to increase or decrease your bet as you wish. If your game balance falls below the amount of the last bet placed, the system will automatically decrease your bet to allow you to continue playing. If your game balance falls below the minimum bet allowed, the 'Buy-in' window pops up, allowing you to buy more credits into the game from your account.. The game rules can be viewed by clicking on the 'RULES' button in the bottom left of the game screen. Clicking on the 'RULES' button will open the rules screen. You can go back to the game at any time by clicking on the 'GAME' button. Click on the 'GAMELOGS' button to view the logs of the games you have played. Click on 'VERSION' to view the current version number of the game. Click on 'REBUY' to buy more credits into the game from your account. To exit the game, click on 'EXIT GAME'. top Feature game play A Full House or better will trigger the keno feature. Four Egg symbols will be displayed. You then select one. The Egg symbol will reveal up to five keno games. Pick 10 numbers, or press 'AUTOPICK' to select the numbers for you automatically. After you have picked the 10 numbers, you can still choose to select a new set of numbers by clicking on 'CLEAR'. Once the previous set of numbers has been cleared, you can pick a new set of 10 numbers using the methods given above. Click on selected lines to deselect them. In each keno bonus game, 20 balls are drawn from a pool of 80. Prizes are paid according to the number of hits you get (please see the feature game paytable). Prizes are multiplied by the triggering bet. Wins from the base game and each round of the feature are immediately credited to your game balance. Click on 'COMPLETE' to be taken back to the main game. top Paytable Payout rules: The paytable lists the prizes for winning hands. Only the highest winning hand is paid. All prizes shown in the paytable are in credits. To calculate the dollar and cents equivalent, multiply the prize by the bet amount. If the feature round is triggered, the base game win will be credited to your account before you are taken to the feature round. The joker increases the prize when appearing in a hand with a Straight or better. Natural Joker Royal Flush 250 A, K, Q, J, and 10 of the same suit, without using the joker. 500 A, K, Q, J, and 10 of the same suit using the joker. Five of a Kind 100 Four cards of the same rank, plus the joker. Straight Flush 15 Five cards of the same suit in sequence, without using the joker. 25 Five cards of the same suit in sequence, using the joker. Four of a Kind 7 Four cards of the same rank, without using the joker. 10 Four cards of the same rank, using the joker. Full House 5 Three of a Kind and another Pair, without using the joker. 6 Three of a Kind and a Pair, using the joker. Flush 4 Five cards of the same suit, without using the joker. 5 Five cards of the same suit, using the joker. Straight 3 Five cards in sequence, without using the joker (an Ace can be the lowest or the highest). 4 Five cards in sequence, using the joker (an Ace can be the lowest or the highest). Three of a Kind 2 Three cards of the same rank, without using the joker. 2 Three cards of the same rank, using the joker. Two Pair 1 Two pairs of different rank, without using the joker. top I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Gamelogs' button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected in the middle of the feature round, you will be prompted to complete it after logging back in. After completing the feature round, you can resume playing the same base game, or you can select another game of your choice. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. top Last modification date: 3/29/2018