Kung Food Game Objective: Kung Food is a five-reel, thirty- line slot game with 'Fight! Feature'. When Bruce Pea lands anywhere on reel one and at least one of the four characters Jean Claude Van Ham, Crispy Duck Norris, Jet Leek, Jackie Clam lands anywhere on reels 2, 3, 4, 5 respectively then the feature is triggered. top Game Information: You can bet on up to thirty lines. top How to play: Setting 'LINES': Thirty lines are selected by default. Lines can be changed by clicking ' ' buttons available to the Left & right side of the 'LINES' indicator on the game screen respectively. Selected lines are lit, and unselected lines are not lit. Player can select/deselect lines by clicking on desired line number at the beginning of the lines. Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet of EUR 0.25 per line is set for all 30 lines, resulting in a total bet of EUR 7.50. You can choose to increase or decrease the bet per line by clicking ' ' buttons available beside the 'BET' indicator. If your game balance is less than EUR 7.50, the system will automatically adjust the bet to the next highest possible amount. Max Bet button is available towards the right of the BET meter in the game window. Clicking on Max Bet button it will enable the maximum lines and bet per line that can be played. If your game balance is not sufficient, this option is disabled. The number of selected lines is multiplied by the 'bet per line', and the total bet amount is displayed in the 'TOTAL BET' meter, which is located at the bottom left of the game screen. 'RULES' and 'PAYTABLE': The 'RULES' and 'PAYTABLE' can be viewed by clicking on the 'Rules' & 'Paytable ' button respectively located on the bottom left of the main game screen. To calculate the line win, multiply the respective prize with the bet per line. You can go back to the game by clicking on the 'BACK TO GAME' button. SPIN: Click on SPIN to start spinning the reels. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines, or any scatter wins, will be paid according to the paytable. Result: Any wins are indicated by their paylines highlighted and symbols animating or, in the case of a scatter win, by their symbols animating. The individual line wins are shown at the end of each winning line. Total win amount is shown at the bottom of the reels as a message. Fight Feature: Kung Food Fight! Feature is activated when Bruce Pea lands anywhere on reel one and at least one of the four characters Jean Claude Van Ham, Crispy Duck Norris, Jet Leek, Jackie Clam lands anywhere on reels 2, 3, 4, 5 respectively. Bruce Pea will fight all characters in view in the order they appear. Repeat Bet/Change Bet: If you have already bet, the settings selected will be automatically carried over to the subsequent spin if there is sufficient amount. Simply click on 'SPIN' to play with the same bet again. To change your bet, use the ' ' buttons near the 'BET' or 'LINES' indicators as explained above. Credits: Your remaining game balance, after you have placed the desired bet, is shown under 'TOTAL CREDITS'. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed under the 'TOTAL CREDIT' meter and the 'TOTAL BET' meter. AUTO SPIN: You can make use of this feature to choose amongst the various options for 'hands free' game play. Options available under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will automatically spin for the number of spins selected from the drop-down menu. Spin till win is equal or exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount selected from the drop-down menu. Spin till any win: The game will automatically spin until your next win. Spin till feature trigger: The game will automatically spin until the next feature or bonus round is triggered. Spin till my balance exceeds or equals to: The game will automatically spin until the game balance is greater than or equal to the amount entered. Note that 'game balance' implies the sum of the amounts given in 'TOTAL CREDITS' meter and 'TOTAL BET' meter. Spin till my balance falls below or equals to: The game will automatically spin until the game balance is less than or equal to the amount entered. Note that 'game balance' implies the sum of amounts given in 'TOTAL CREDITS' meter and 'TOTAL BET' meter. Play faster: This option lets you play faster than usual by reducing the break time. You must choose at least one of the other available options before selecting 'Play Faster'. To make use of the auto spin feature, click on the 'AUTO SPIN' button at the bottom of the game screen. When the auto spin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Select from the drop-down menu where applicable. Click on 'Start' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Similarly, click on 'Cancel' to skip the auto spin feature and return to the game screen. When playing with multiple 'AUTO SPIN' options, the option that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected options will be disabled. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again, or choose new option(s), and proceed with the game. Click on 'STOP SPIN' to deactivate the AUTOPLAY options. While 'AUTO PLAY' is in progress you can interrupt the game by clicking on the 'STOP SPIN' button. If spin is in progress, 'AUTO PLAY' will be stopped after completing the current spin other wise 'AUTO PLAY' is stopped immediately and normal game is restored. Please note: The 'AUTOSPIN' option is not available in play money mode. Click on 'GAME LOGS' to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on 'GAME RULES' to view the current version number & game rules of the game. Click on 'REBUY' to buy more credits into the game from your Borgata Online account. Click on 'EXIT GAME' to leave the game and return to the Lobby. Click on 'QUICK DEPOSIT' button to deposit money into your Borgata Online account. The game rules are identical in both real money and play money modes. top Rules Play 1 to 30 lines. Payouts are made according to the Paytable. Payline wins are multiplied by the amount staked per payline. LINES can be changed by using the ' ' buttons. BET amount can be changed by using the buttons. SPIN begins the game with the currently selected BET and LINES. Payouts are displayed on the PAYTABLE. Highest win amount is paid on each selected payline. Bruce Pea, Jean Claude Van Ham, Crispy Duck Norris, Jet Leek, Jackie Clam are called Fight Feature symbols. Kung Food Logo Wild appears only on reels 1, 2, 3, and 4 and substitutes for all other symbols except the following: Bruce Pea Jean Claude Van Ham Crispy Duck Norris Jet Leek Jackie Clam All symbols pay Left to Right except the following symbols do not pay left to right: Bruce Pea: pays anywhere on reel 1 Jean Claude Van Ham: pays anywhere on reel 2 Crispy Duck Norris: pays anywhere on reel 3 Jet Leek: pays anywhere on reel 4 Jackie Clam: pays anywhere on reel 5 Only 1 character symbol will appear on each reel. Bruce pea only appears on reel 1 Jean Claude Van Ham: appears only on reel 2 Crispy Duck Norris: appears only on reel 3 Jet Leek: appears only on reel 4 Jackie Clam: appears only on reel 5 Bruce Pea can lose the fight but still get the accumulated winnings. Wild only combinations do not pay (e.g. Wild, Wild, Wild, Wild, Jackie clam). Feature wins are added to payline wins. Malfunctions Voids all Pays and Plays. Coinciding wins on different lit lines are all added to your total. Scatter Symbols: Jean Claude Van Ham Crispy Duck Norris Jet Leek Jackie Clam Bruce Pea top Features Kung Food Fight! Feature When Bruce Pea lands anywhere on reel 1 AND at least one of four characters (Jean Claude Van Ham, Crispy Duck Norris, Jet Leek, Jackie Clam) lands anywhere on reels 2, 3, 4, 5 respectively, the Kung Food Fight! Feature is triggered. Jean Claude Van Ham character only appears on reel 2. Crispy Duck Norris character only appears on reel 3. Jet Leek character only appears on reel 4. Jackie Clam character only appears on reel 5. The Bruce Pea gets to fight as many characters as have landed in view in the order they appear in a separate fight scene for each character. A fight is split into a number of attacks. The player is given 3 weapons to choose from the 5 possible weapons (Kick, Nunchuck, Punch, Sword and 'Special Move'). The 3 weapons are picked at random for the player to choose. Player makes his/her choice and Bruce Pea attacks his opponent. The 'Special Move' is available randomly, awarding a better prize. The number of attacks in a fight is random. Each hit awards a part of the total prize to be awarded. The prize for each hit will be accumulating. Feature prizes are based on random multipliers, multiplied by the total bet. The maximum multiplier that can be awarded in this feature is 500 and minimum multiplier that can be awarded is 8. There is a 6th move, which happens randomly. It happens irrespective of what weapon the player has chosen and replaces that chosen weapon. Bruce Pea will cause the “death” of his opponent. There is no extra bonus for killing an opponent. Bruce Pea can be defeated as well. When Bruce Pea is defeated, he can still play the next fights if any. top Paytable Click on Rules & Paytable buttons in the main game screen, game will navigate to Rules & Paytable screen accordingly. In Paytable screen select RULES button then game will zoom into the RULES screen. In the RULES I screen click on '>' which will navigate to the next RULES screen. The theoretical return to player of this game is 95.02%. Paylines: I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete the game for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game Logs' button once you have logged back in. If you get disconnected after triggering the Feature or in the middle of the Feature, on reconnection the software will automatically start the Feature, if not already started, or resume from where it was disconnected. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team. Last modification date: 7/6/2022