20,000 Leagues Game Objective: 20,000 Leagues Slot is a five-reel, twenty-line slot game with a 'free game' feature. The feature is triggered when 1 or more Submarine appears any where on reel 1, 2, 4 & 5 with a "20,000 Leagues" symbol any where on reel 3. 10 Free Games are awarded for each Submarine in the triggering spin. During the free games all prizes are doubled. If during free games any one or more Submarine appear with a "20000 Leagues" symbol 10 additional free games are awarded for each Submarine appearing any where on Reel 1,2,4,5. The Submarine only appears on reels 1, 2, 4 and 5 and substitutes for all other symbols except "20,000 Leagues" "20,000 Leagues" only appears on reel 3 and substitutes for all other symbols top Game Information: You can bet on up to twenty lines. The paylines are shown under the Paylines section located on the Paytable (Help) screen. top How to play: Setting 'LINES': Twenty lines are selected by default. You can decrease or increase the number of lines by clicking on the '+' button or '-' button available under the 'LINES' indicator on the game screen respectively. Selected lines are lit, and unselected lines are not lit. You can also select/deselect Lines by clicking on desired line image at the end of lines. Max Lines: To play with 20 lines, click on 'MAX' under 'LINES'. If your game balance is not sufficient, this option is disabled. Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet of EUR 0.25 per line is set for all 20 lines, resulting in a total bet of EUR 5.00. You can choose to increase or decrease the bet per line by clicking the '+' button or '-' button available under the 'BET' indicator. If your game balance drops below your total bet placed, bet and lines will not get adjusted to the next possible bet instead Re-buy window will appear. If you have no funds in your account, the deposit option will pop up. Max Bet: To play with 50.00 bet per line, click on 'MAX BET' under 'BET'. If your game balance is not sufficient, this option is disabled. The number of selected lines is multiplied by the 'bet per line', and the total bet amount is displayed in the 'TOTAL BET' meter, which is located at the bottom center of the game screen. 'RULES': The game rules can be viewed by clicking on the 'PAY TABLE' button on the bottom left of the screen, then 'RULES' button on 'PAY TABLE' screen. You can go back to the game by clicking on the 'GAME' button on the 'RULES' screen. 'PAYTABLE': The 'PAYTABLE' can be viewed by clicking on the 'PAYTABLE' button located on the game rules screen. To calculate the payout amount, multiply the respective prize with the bet per line. You can go back to the game by clicking on the 'GAME' button. Spin: After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines, will be paid according to the paytable. Result: Any wins are indicated by their paylines highlighted and symbols animating. The total win amount is shown at the bottom of the reels as a message and PAID meter is updated with winning amount. The individual line wins are shown at the right end or left end of each winning line. Repeat Bet/Change Bet: If you have already bet, the settings selected will be automatically carried over to the subsequent spin. Simply click on 'SPIN' to play with the same bet again. To change your bet, use the '+' and '-' buttons under the 'BET' or 'LINES' indicators as explained above. Credits: Your remaining game balance, after you have placed the desired bet, is shown in 'CREDIT' meter. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed in the 'CREDIT' meter and the 'TOTAL BET' meter. 'AUTOSPIN': You can make use of this feature to choose amongst the various options for 'hands free' game play. Options available under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will automatically spin for the number of spins selected from the drop-down menu. You can choose any number of games and play until your balance is less than the total bet placed. Spin till win is equal to or exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount selected from the drop down menu. Spin till any win: The game will automatically spin until the next win. Spin till feature trigger or bonus round: The game will automatically spin until the next feature or bonus round is triggered. Spin till my balance exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the game balance is greater than or equal to the amount entered. Note that 'game balance' implies the sum of the amounts given in 'CREDITS' meter and 'TOTAL BET' meter. Spin till my balance falls below: The game will automatically spin until the game balance is less than or equal to the amount entered. Note that 'Game balance' implies the sum of amounts given in 'CREDITS' meter and 'TOTAL BET' meter. Play faster: This option lets you play faster than usual by reducing the break time. You must choose at least one of the other available Auto Spin options before selecting 'Play Faster'. To make use of the autospin feature, click on the 'AUTO SPIN' button in the bottom left of the game screen. When the autospin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Select from the drop-down menu where applicable. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Click on 'CANCEL' to return to the game screen. You can deactivate 'AUTO SPIN' by clicking on the 'STOP SPIN' button. If spin is in progress, 'AUTO SPIN' will be stopped after completing the current spin. Otherwise 'AUTO SPIN' is stopped immediately. When playing with multiple 'AUTO SPIN' options, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be ignored. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again, or choose new option(s), and proceed with the 'AUTO SPIN'. Please note: The 'AUTO SPIN' option is not available in play money mode. Click on 'GAME LOGS' to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on 'VERSION' to view the current version number of the game. Click on 'REBUY' to buy more credits into the game from your bwin account. Click on 'EXIT GAME' to leave the game and return to the Lobby. The game rules are identical in both real money and play money modes. top Game rules: Play 1 to 20 lines Payouts are made according to the Paytable Payline wins are multiplied by the amount staked per payline Highest win only on each selected payline Coinciding wins on different paylines are added All symbols pay Left to Right only All wins occur on selected lines only. Submarine only appears on reels 1,2,4 and 5 and substitutes for all other symbols except "20,000 Leagues" "20,000 Leagues" only appears on reel 3 and substitutes for all other symbols top Free Games Feature: The feature is triggered when 1 or more Submarine appears any where on reel 1,2,4,5 with a "20,000 Leagues" symbol any where on reel 3. 10 free games are awarded for each Submarine appearing in the trigger combination A maximum of 40 free games are awarded when Submarine appears any where on 1,2,4,5 reels along with 20,000 Leagues any where on reel 3. All wins during free games are doubled The feature can be retriggered with in free games when 1 or more Submarine appears any where on reel 1,2,4,5 with a "20,000 Leagues" symbol any where on reel 3.and rules for award of free games and payoff remains same as above All Free Games are played with same number of lines and bet per line of the trigger game top Paytable top The theoretical return to player of this game is 93.45% I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, the software will automatically complete play for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Gamelogs' button once you have logged back in. You can also find out the result from your bwin account balance. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care Team. If you are disconnected in the middle of the feature round, you will be prompted to complete it after logging back in. After completing the feature round, you can resume playing the same base game, or you can select another game of your choice. Malfunctions void all pays and plays Last modification date: 1/31/2017