Fishtastic SPECIAL SYMBOLS AND FEATURES FISH SYMBOLS The game starts with one fish unlocked on each available stake. A new fish is immediately and permanently added to the reels with each FREE SPINS round until all fish symbols have been unlocked. The order in which the fish symbols are unlocked is: Green Fish, Blue Fish, Orange Fish, Pink Fish, Gold Fish. In addition to participating in win lines the fish symbols also hold STAKE MULTIPLIER prizes that are awarded if the Diver or the Golden Diver lands together with fish symbols. The possible prizes held by each fish symbol are as follows: Green Fish – 0.3x, 0.5x, 0,7x, 1x, 2x Blue Fish – 0.5x, 0.7x, 1x, 2x, 5x Orange Fish – 0.7x, 1x, 2x, 5x, 10x Pink Fish – 1x, 2x, 5x, 10x, 20x Gold Fish – 2x, 5x, 10x, 20x, 30x. The newly added fish symbols are only available on the stake on which they have been unlocked. DIVER The Diver is a 1x3 scatter symbol which only lands on the 1st reel. It collects and awards the prizes from all fish symbols and the WILD if any have landed in the same spin. GOLDEN DIVER The Golden Diver is a 1x3 Scatter symbol which only lands on the 1st reel. It triples the overall prize collected from fish symbols and the Wild before awarding it. WILD The WILD symbol is unlocked after all fish symbols in the same manner as them. The WILD substitutes for all paying symbols and counts as the symbol which forms the longest paying combination on a single win line. If a win line consists only of Wild symbols it counts as the highest paying symbol. The WILD also holds instant cash prizes that may be collected and awarded if it lands together with the Diver or the Golden Diver. The possible prizes are: 5x, 10x, 20x, 30x, 50x FREE SPINS 3 or more FREE SPINS scatters anywhere on the reels award 5 FREE SPINS. Upon entering the bonus round the next fish in line is added to the reels and is possible to land in the same bonus round. The new fish symbol is also possible to land in all future spins after FREE SPINS. During FREE SPINS the Diver or the Golden Diver lands on every spin. BONUS Once all fish symbols and the WILD have been unlocked, the next FREE SPINS round will unlock the bonus. The progress bar above the reels will be replaced by 4 STAKE MULTIPLIER prizes, awarded when 4 or more FREE SPINS scatters land in a spin. The prizes are as follows: 4 FREE SPINS scatters: 50x 5 FREE SPINS scatters: 250x 6 FREE SPINS scatters: 1000x 7 or more FREE SPINS scatters: 5000x. In the FREE SPINS round that unlocked the bonus, only a retrigger is possible to award one of the bonus prizes. HOW TO PLAY FISHTASTIC Game Progress Any progress features in the game, including symbols locked onto the reels which affect subsequent spins, are saved for your game at the stake level you are playing at. You can have different progress levels at different stakes on the same game, and move between them by changing the stake. If you are awarded free spins from a promotional campaign any progress in the main game including any locked symbols, will be saved and be available to continue playing at the same stake once the free spins have been completed. Please note that this stateful game saves its state forever. FEATURE BUY The feature starts automatically after your confirmation. If you refresh the game during the feature you will receive the end result. The Buy Feature is activated immediately after clicking the "buy" button. The cost of each feature is displayed in the Feature Buy pop-up and is based on the currently selected stake. Buying a feature does NOT contribute towards any Jackpots. The calculated overall RTP in Feature Buy is 95.7%. Total Stake The Total Stake is the total of stakes per line. You can adjust it at any time, using the + or – buttons. Spin the Reels If you are playing on desktop, click the Spin button or press the spacebar to spin. Speed up each reel spin by pressing spacebar again, or by clicking on the reels. For TURBO SPIN, hold down the spacebar or the Spin button. Press the TURBO button to speed up the game! Autoplay Press the AUTO button to commence automatic play of the game at the currently selected stake. Select how many spins to play via the Total Spins Dropdown menu. More Autoplay settings Select the loss limit: The Autoplay will stop at the last spin before the loss limit is reached. The Аutoplay loss limit should be higher than your stake. Expand the AUTOPLAY dialog by choosing MORE AUTOPLAY SETTINGS. Here you can select additional criteria for the AUTOPLAY stop including - Stop if single win exceeds certain amount; Stop on Bonus Feature. Jackpot Game Win one of the offered jackpot tiers when three or more jackpot symbols appear on the reels or the jackpot is triggered by а game feature. Spin the jackpot wheel to determine which of the offered jackpot tiers will be won. The size of the segments on the jackpot wheel do not correlate to the odds of winning each jackpot tier represented. The chances of winning a jackpot increase in correlation with the size of the stake played. Jackpot prizes are not affected by any game features e.g. multipliers are never applied to jackpots. Тhe jackpot is triggered randomly and can be won by playing any of the linked jackpot games. To win the jackpot, the player is not required to make any decision other than to spin the reels. The stake value cannot be changed during free spins. Internet connectivity issues may cause delays in jackpot messages or updates, but they do not affect actual jackpot wins. It is not possible for two players to win the same jackpot. In the event two jackpot winnings occur close to one another the jackpot will be assigned in their respective order. Due to connectivity issues the jackpot value displayed may differ from the effective jackpot value. The jackpot could be temporary deactivated, when this occurs all contributions are paused. The jackpot amount available upon reactivation will be the same as before the deactivation. The rules for Jackpot discontinuation and Jackpot fund allocation are defined by each Operator at their own discretion. Progressive Jackpot The progressive jackpot is accumulated by all stakes on games offering these jackpots and, in some cases, the jackpots may be offered on multiple websites. A percentage of each total bet is added to a common pot. Part of this contribution is used to form the progressively increasing jackpot amounts, and the other part, contributes to a seed fund, which is the minimum amount of money guaranteed to be made available to players after a jackpot is won by qualifying players. Once the jackpot has been won, a new progressive jackpot will be made available and the process repeats. The jackpot can be triggered and won by a single spin from a single user only. The jackpot does not have a ceiling value. The odds of winning the jackpot increases with the size of the jackpot and can be won at any time. When the jackpot is won by another player, a notification appears in the jackpot panel. Once won, the amount is transferred directly to the user wallet, even if it is won during a bonus spin. Time Jackpot The time jackpot is a progressive jackpot which is guaranteed to pay out before a set date and time. The prize pot grows with the contributions from the stake of each spin on a jackpot game, and the closer the prize pot gets to the advertised guaranteed latest payout time, the greater the odds of winning it. Оdds increase up to 100% when the guaranteed latest payout time is reached. Once the jackpot has been won, a new time jackpot will be made available and the process repeats with a new deadline for the next guaranteed payout. The jackpot can be triggered and won by a single spin from a single user only. This jackpot does not have a ceiling but must be won before the date and time specified. When the jackpot is won by another player, a notification appears in the jackpot panel. Once won, the amount is transferred directly to the user wallet, even if it is won during a bonus spin. Dynamic Jackpot Allocation Only the first $2 of a stake is eligible to win the time jackpot. Stake amounts in excess of $2 are contributed directly to the progressive jackpot. Daily drop (time) Current starting value is: $1,500.00, Next minimum starting value is: $1,500.00 Mega drop (progressive) Current starting value is: $25,000.00, Next minimum starting value is: $25,000.00 General types of games Check the pays menu in the game paytable if you are not sure of the game type. The values related to each symbol, shown either on the slot scene or on the dedicated Symbol Wins pages of the Pays menu, represent stake multipliers and not credits. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. If you are playing a Lines game, the prize value from one payline is equal to the total stake multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the Paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple win lines, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same payline, the largest win is paid. Each individual payline can pay only once per spin. If you are playing a Ways or a Cluster game, the prize value from one way or winning cluster is equal to the payout advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple ways or clusters, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same way or cluster, the largest win is paid. If there is a Scatter Symbol in the game, all wins will be paid in addition to any other symbol wins occurring on the same spin. If you are playing a Scatter Pays game only the highest winning combination is paid per symbol. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. In case of an incomplete game round due to connection loss where the result has not yet occurred, the game will generate an outcome for the round, which will be shown upon restoring of connection and the result will be visible in the Game History after refreshing the game. In case of an incomplete game round due to connection loss where the result has occurred, but the player could not be informed of this fact, the game will inform the player of the outcome upon refreshing of the game and the result will be visible in the Game History. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The RTP is ≈ 93.06% which includes base game RTP and jackpot contribution. Minimum stake: $0.10 Maximum stake: $50 Last modification date: 8/19/2025