Genie Nights SPECIAL SYMBOLS AND FEATURES RESPIN When 3 Respin symbols land in a line they will pay and trigger a Respin. Up to 4 Respins can be triggered in a row, with each Respin having an increased chance of another Respin or a Wish bonus! On the 4th Respin, only Respin, Wish and Great Wish symbols can land on the reels! MAGIC LAMP BONUS Triggered by the 3x3 Magic Lamp bonus symbol which only appears in the normal game. The Magic Lamp triggers Magic Draw for the chance of an INSTANT WIN MULTIPLIER of 5x, 10x, 20x or 50x stake or 1 of the 3 WISH BONUSES! WISH Triggered by 3 Wish symbols in a line or by the Magic Lamp bonus. It awards 8 FREE SPINS! On the last bonus spin, Wish or Great Wish symbols may land in a line to retrigger 8 EXTRA FREE SPINS! GREAT WISH Triggered by 3 Great Wish symbols in a line or by the Magic Lamp bonus. It awards 8 FREE SPINS! During Great Wish there is a HIGHER CHANCE OF WINS! On the last bonus spin, Great Wish symbols may land in a line to retrigger 8 EXTRA FREE SPINS! MEGA WISH Triggered by the Magic Lamp bonus or a random upgrade on the last spin of a Wish bonus. All symbols are replaced by 1x3 Genie super symbols for the chance of HUGE WINS! Mega Wish continues for as long as each spin results in a win. Once the spin ends without a win, the game returns to the previous mode. If the Mega Wish is awarded during a Wish bonus round you will be awarded the Wish or Great Wish that landed in a line before the upgrade. NUDGE If the last spin of any Wish bonus does not result in a win, there is a chance that a reel will be nudged to make it a win! HOW TO PLAY GENIE NIGHTS Total Stake The Total Stake is the total of stakes per line. You can adjust it at any time, using the + or – buttons. Spin the Reels If you are playing on desktop, click the Spin button or press the spacebar to spin. Speed up each reel spin by pressing spacebar again, or by clicking on the reels. For TURBO SPIN, hold down the spacebar or the Spin button. Autoplay Press the AUTO button to commence automatic play of the game at the currently selected stake. Select how many spins to play via the Total Spins Dropdown menu. More Autoplay settings Select the loss limit: The Autoplay will stop at the last spin before the loss limit is reached. The Аutoplay loss limit should be higher than your total stake. Expand the AUTOPLAY dialog by choosing MORE AUTOPLAY SETTINGS. Here you can select additional criteria for the AUTOPLAY stop including - Stop if single win exceeds certain amount; Stop on Bonus Feature. General types of games Check the pays menu in the game paytable if you are not sure of the game type. The values related to each symbol, shown either on the slot scene or on the dedicated Symbol Wins pages of the Pays menu, represent stake multipliers and not credits. The prize value from one payline is equal to the total stake divided by the number of paylines, multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple win lines, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same payline, the largest win is paid. Each individual payline can pay only once per spin. Example: Total stake is 2. Total paylines are 20. Symbol multiplier for length of 5 is 300. The win for 1 payline with this symbol and length would be calculated as such: 2 / 20 * 300 = 30. The prize value from one payline in a Multiline game is equal to the stake multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple win lines, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same payline, the largest win is paid. Example: Stake is 2. Symbol multiplier for length of 5 is 20. The win for 1 payline with this symbol and length would be calculated as such: 2 * 20 = 40. The prize value from one way or cluster in a Ways or Winning Clusters game is equal to the stake multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple ways or clusters, the total win values are summed. Example: Total stake = 2. Symbol win multiplier = 2. Win = 2x2 = 4. During the Free Spins bonus rounds, the game uses a different set of reel strips. If there is a Scatter Symbol in the game, all wins will be paid in addition to any other symbol wins occurring on the same spin. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. RTP ≈ 92.7% Minimum stake: $0.10 Maximum stake: $400. Last modification date: 7/26/2022