Hammer Gods SPECIAL SYMBOLS AND FEATURES SUPER SYMBOLS 1x2 non-paying SUPER SYMBOLS activate a feature for the duration of the current spin when only one of the symbols appears on the reels. The RED HAMMER only appears on the second reel and the BLUE HAMMER only appears on the fourth reel. Landing only the RED HAMMER on the reels triggers the BROKKR FEATURE up to three times. Landing only the BLUE HAMMER on the reels triggers the SINDRI FEATURE up to three times. Wins will only be evaluated after all triggers are complete. SUPER SYMBOLS that have activated a feature turn into WILD SUPER SYMBOLS. Both RED & BLUE HAMMERS on the reels will instead activate FREE SPINS. BROKKR FEATURE Turns all low-paying symbols into a single high-paying symbol type when triggered. It may be retriggered up to two more times in which case each following execution turns one high-paying symbol type into a better high-paying symbol type. SINDRI FEATURE Turns one high-paying symbol type into WILD symbols when triggered. It may be retriggered up to two more times in which case each following execution turns another high-paying symbol type into WILD symbols. FRЕЕ SPINS 10 FREE SPINS are triggered when both SUPER SYMBOLS appear on the reels in a single spin. SUPER SYMBOLS do not appear in FREE SPINS and thus no bonus spins will be awarded during the bonus round. Instead, one, two, or three feature activations are guaranteed on each spin during FREE SPINS. HOW TO PLAY HAMMER GODS Total Stake The Total Stake is the total of stakes per line. You can adjust it at any time, using the + or – buttons. Spin the Reels If you are playing on desktop, click the Spin button or press the spacebar to spin. Speed up each reel spin by pressing spacebar again, or by clicking on the reels. For TURBO SPIN, hold down the spacebar or the Spin button. Press the TURBO (fast-forward) button to speed up the game! Autoplay Press the AUTO button to commence automatic play of the game at the currently selected stake. Select how many spins to play via the Total Spins Dropdown menu. More Autoplay settings Select the loss limit: The Autoplay will stop at the last spin before the loss limit is reached. The Аutoplay loss limit should be higher than your stake. Expand the AUTOPLAY dialog by choosing MORE AUTOPLAY SETTINGS. Here you can select additional criteria for the AUTOPLAY stop including - Stop if single win exceeds certain amount; Stop on Bonus Feature. General types of games Check the pays menu in the game paytable if you are not sure of the game type. The values related to each symbol, shown either on the slot scene or on the dedicated Symbol Wins pages of the Pays menu, represent stake multipliers and not credits. The prize value from one payline is equal to the total stake divided by the number of paylines, multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple win lines, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same payline, the largest win is paid. Each individual payline can pay only once per spin. Example: Total stake is 2. Total paylines are 20. Symbol multiplier for length of 5 is 300. The win for 1 payline with this symbol and length would be calculated as such: 2 / 20 * 300 = 30. The prize value from one payline in a Multiline game is equal to the stake multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple win lines, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same payline, the largest win is paid. Example: Stake is 2. Symbol multiplier for length of 5 is 20. The win for 1 payline with this symbol and length would be calculated as such: 2 * 20 = 40. The prize value from one way or cluster in a Ways or Winning Clusters game is equal to the stake multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple ways or clusters, the total win values are summed. Example: Total stake = 2. Symbol win multiplier = 2. Win = 2x2 = 4. During the Free Spins bonus rounds, the game uses a different set of reel strips. If there is a Scatter Symbol in the game, all wins will be paid in addition to any other symbol wins occurring on the same spin. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. RTP ≈ 92.71% The calculated max multiplier of the game is 793.3. Minimum stake: $0.10 Maximum stake: $500 Last modification date: 6/7/2022