Jack in a Pot SPECIAL SYMBOLS AND FEATURES JACK A lucky leprechaun who activates features to help you win big! WILDS There are 4 types of WILD - BEER, PIPE, RAINBOW and HAT. They act as normal WILD symbols and each one activates a different feature when part of a winning cluster. MAGIC PIPE When it forms part of a winning cluster, the Pipe Wild triggers Jack to blow his pipe. One or more high-paying symbols then expand to become MEGA TILES (2x2, 3x3, 4x4). High-paying symbols are the four symbols in the upper row of the Symbol Wins paytable. BEER REELS When it forms part of a winning cluster, the Beer Wild triggers Jack to drink his beer. Taps then start pouring beer on random reels! The selected BEER REELS will be covered in identical symbols for the chance of bigger clusters! RAINBOW SWAPS When it forms part of a winning cluster, the Rainbow Wild triggers a giant rainbow which lands on the reels swapping random tiles for identical symbols! HAT TRICK When it forms part of a winning cluster, the Hat Wild triggers Jack to throw his hat in the air. It then sucks low-paying symbols from the reels for the chance of bigger wins! Low-paying symbols are the five symbols in the lower row of the Symbol Wins paytable. CLOVER SYMBOL Scatter symbol which can land on any reel during the normal game. FREE SPINS Collect 4 CLOVER symbols in one spin or in consecutive respins to activate 10 FREE SPINS. FEATURE FRENZY IN FREE SPINS All WILDS collected during FREE SPINS are activated one after the other once the last spin has taken place. HOW TO PLAY JACK IN A POT Total Stake The Total Stake is the total of stakes per line. You can adjust it at any time, using the + or – buttons. Spin the Reels Click the Spin button to spin the reels. Speed up each reel spin by pressing spacebar again, or by clicking on the reels. For TURBO SPIN, hold down the spacebar or the Spin button. Press the TURBO ( fast_forward ) button to speed up the game! Autoplay Press the AUTO button to commence automatic play of the game at the currently selected stake. Select how many spins to play via the Total Spins Dropdown menu. More Autoplay settings Select the loss limit: The Autoplay will stop at the last spin before the loss limit is reached. The Аutoplay loss limit should be higher than your total stake. Expand the AUTOPLAY dialog by choosing MORE AUTOPLAY SETTINGS. Here you can select additional criteria for the AUTOPLAY stop including - Stop if single win exceeds certain amount; Stop on Bonus Feature. General types of games Check the pays menu in the game paytable if you are not sure of the game type. The values related to each symbol, shown either on the slot scene or on the dedicated Symbol Wins pages of the Pays menu, represent stake multipliers and not credits. The prize value from one payline is equal to the total stake divided by the number of paylines, multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple win lines, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same payline, the largest win is paid. Each individual payline can pay only once per spin. Example: Total stake is 2. Total paylines are 20. Symbol multiplier for length of 5 is 300. The win for 1 payline with this symbol and length would be calculated as such: 2 / 20 * 300 = 30. The prize value from one payline in a Multiline game is equal to the stake multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple win lines, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same payline, the largest win is paid. Example: Stake is 2. Symbol multiplier for length of 5 is 20. The win for 1 payline with this symbol and length would be calculated as such: 2 * 20 = 40. The prize value from one way or cluster in a Ways or Winning Clusters game is equal to the stake multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple ways or clusters, the total win values are summed. Example: Total stake = 2. Symbol win multiplier = 2. Win = 2x2 = 4. During the Free Spins bonus rounds, the game uses a different set of reel strips. If there is a Scatter Symbol in the game, all wins will be paid in addition to any other symbol wins occurring on the same spin. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. RTP ≈ 93.11% The calculated max multiplier of the game is 1743.2. Minimum stake: $0.10 Maximum stake: $200 Last modification date: 9/28/2021