Doggy Riches Megaways SPECIAL SYMBOLS AND FEATURES MEGAWAYS™ Each spin awards a different ways to win combination depending on the total number of symbols which land on the reels. Landing a maximum of 7 symbols on each of the 6 reels offers a potential 117,649 MegaWays™ to win! CHAIN REACTION Symbols forming wins disappear, giving way for new symbols to drop in that may form new wins. ROYAL CORGIS The Royal Corgis are Super symbols which always land in their full size and cover a whole reel. The Royal Corgis have a ways multiplier of 2x applied to all win ways which the WILD participates in. If both Corgis participate in a win way, their multipliers are multiplied by each other. There are two types of Corgis. A male Corgi that only lands on the 2nd reel and а female Corgi that only lands on the 5th reel. The Royal Corgis are not destroyed when participating in a win way. Corgis can also land after a cascade if all tiles on the corresponding reels have been destroyed. The win ways are awarded before the QUEEN SPINS are triggered. QUEEN SPINS Landing both Royal Corgis in the same spin triggers 10 QUEEN SPINS. The Royal Corgis will lock for the duration of QUEEN SPINS. No retriggers of QUEEN SPINS are available during the bonus round. RISING MULTIPLIER Each win during QUEEN SPINS will increase a Rising Multiplier that applies to all wins up to 20x. The multiplier resets at the end of the bonus round. BABY CORGIS During QUEEN SPINS, the Baby Corgis bonus may be randomly triggered. The male and female Royal Corgis may send kisses and hearts to each other and spawn a random amount of between 2 and 5 Baby Corgis between them. The Baby Corgis are WILDS that substitute for all paying symbols. The Baby Corgis will not lock and they will disappear if they participate in a win way. HOW TO PLAY DOGGY RICHES MEGAWAYS™ Total Stake The Total Stake is the total of stakes per line. You can adjust it at any time, using the + or – buttons. Spin the Reels If you are playing on desktop, click the Spin button or press the spacebar to spin. Speed up each reel spin by pressing spacebar again, or by clicking on the reels. For TURBO SPIN, hold down the spacebar or the Spin button. Autoplay Press the AUTO button to commence automatic play of the game at the currently selected stake. Select how many spins to play via the Total Spins Dropdown menu. More Autoplay settings Select the loss limit: The Autoplay will stop at the last spin before the loss limit is reached. The Аutoplay loss limit should be higher than your total stake. Expand the AUTOPLAY dialog by choosing MORE AUTOPLAY SETTINGS. Here you can select additional criteria for the AUTOPLAY stop including - Stop if single win exceeds certain amount; Stop on Bonus Feature. General types of games Check the pays menu in the game paytable if you are not sure of the game type. The values related to each symbol, shown either on the slot scene or on the dedicated Symbol Wins pages of the Pays menu, represent stake multipliers and not credits. The prize value from one payline is equal to the total stake divided by the number of paylines, multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple win lines, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same payline, the largest win is paid. Each individual payline can pay only once per spin. Example: Total stake is 2. Total paylines are 20. Symbol multiplier for length of 5 is 300. The win for 1 payline with this symbol and length would be calculated as such: 2 / 20 * 300 = 30. The prize value from one payline in a Multiline game is equal to the stake multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple win lines, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same payline, the largest win is paid. Example: Stake is 2. Symbol multiplier for length of 5 is 20. The win for 1 payline with this symbol and length would be calculated as such: 2 * 20 = 40. The prize value from one way or cluster in a Ways or Winning Clusters game is equal to the stake multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple ways or clusters, the total win values are summed. Example: Total stake = 2. Symbol win multiplier = 2. Win = 2x2 = 4. During the Free Spins bonus rounds, the game uses a different set of reel strips. If there is a Scatter Symbol in the game, all wins will be paid in addition to any other symbol wins occurring on the same spin. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. RTP ≈ 92.7% Minimum stake: $0.10 Maximum stake: $100.