Tiki Fruits Totem Frenzy SPECIAL SYMBOLS AND FEATURES TIKI MASKS Four Tiki Mask symbols remain static on the reels at all times. They do not move, even if there is an empty space underneath. If there is an adjacent cluster win, these symbols will turn WILD, and the nearest Totem head will also be activated. WILD symbols substitute for all paying symbols. TOTEM FRENZY - COLLECT When 2 Totems on the same side of the reels are active, they may gather one type of fruit symbol from the reels. That fruit will not appear from the new symbols that fall during that spin. During TIKI SPINS, the fruit symbols gathered will be used to fill the progress bars. TOTEM FRENZY - REMOVE When 2 Totems from the same side of the reels are active, they may remove all symbols from the reels, and new ones will fall in to replace them. TOTEM FRENZY - GENEROSITY When 3 Tiki Masks are WILD but there is no win, there is a chance that the active totem will hit the slot and turn the final mask WILD, activating TIKI SPINS. TIKI SPINS Turning all sleeping Tiki Masks WILD awards 10 TIKI SPINS. The large Tiki mask may bump the number of TIKI SPINS to 15. Tiki mask symbols stay WILD during TIKI SPINS. Fruit symbols that form a win will contribute to their corresponding progress bar. 35 fruits are needed to fill the bar, and will be removed from the reels when the bar is filled. HOW TO PLAY TIKI FRUITS TOTEM FRENZY Total Stake The Total Stake is the total of stakes per line. You can adjust it at any time, using the + or – buttons. Spin the Reels If you are playing on desktop, click the Spin button or press the spacebar to spin. Speed up each reel spin by pressing spacebar again, or by clicking on the reels. For TURBO SPIN, hold down the spacebar or the Spin button. Autoplay Press the AUTO button to commence automatic play of the game at the currently selected stake. Select how many spins to play via the Total Spins Dropdown menu. More Autoplay settings Select the loss limit: The Autoplay will stop at the last spin before the loss limit is reached. The Аutoplay loss limit should be higher than your total stake. Expand the AUTOPLAY dialog by choosing MORE AUTOPLAY SETTINGS. Here you can select additional criteria for the AUTOPLAY stop including - Stop if single win exceeds certain amount; Stop on Bonus Feature. General types of games Check the pays menu in the game paytable if you are not sure of the game type. The values related to each symbol, shown either on the slot scene or on the dedicated Symbol Wins pages of the Pays menu, represent stake multipliers and not credits. The prize value from one payline is equal to the total stake divided by the number of paylines, multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple win lines, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same payline, the largest win is paid. Each individual payline can pay only once per spin. Example: Total stake is 2. Total paylines are 20. Symbol multiplier for length of 5 is 300. The win for 1 payline with this symbol and length would be calculated as such: 2 / 20 * 300 = 30. The prize value from one payline in a Multiline game is equal to the stake multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple win lines, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same payline, the largest win is paid. Example: Stake is 2. Symbol multiplier for length of 5 is 20. The win for 1 payline with this symbol and length would be calculated as such: 2 * 20 = 40. The prize value from one way or cluster in a Ways or Winning Clusters game is equal to the stake multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple ways or clusters, the total win values are summed. Example: Total stake = 2. Symbol win multiplier = 2. Win = 2x2 = 4. During the Free Spins bonus rounds, the game uses a different set of reel strips. If there is a Scatter Symbol in the game, all wins will be paid in addition to any other symbol wins occurring on the same spin. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. RTP ≈ 92.73% Minimum stake: $0.10 Maximum stake: $300. Last modification date: 2/15/2022