Fa Fa Babies SPECIAL SYMBOLS AND FEATURES FORTUNE PRIZES At the start of the game four FORTUNE PRIZES will be visible with a set amount. Each FORTUNE PRIZE can increase by a specific amount up to a set maximum amount. Only one FORTUNE PRIZE can be won from a single FORTUNE BONUS. BIG FORTUNE starts at 25x and can increase up to a maximum of 38x. Upon winning the BIG FORTUNE the value will reset to 18x. LUCKY COINS can increase the prize by 0.1x, 0.2x or 0.3x during the normal game and by 1x, 2x or 3x during FREE SPINS. SUPER FORTUNE starts at 50x and can increase up to a maximum of 138x. Upon winning the SUPER FORTUNE the value will reset to 38x. LUCKY COINS can increase the prize by 0.1x, 0.2x, 0.3x, 0.4x or 0.5x during the normal game and by 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x or 5x during FREE SPINS. MEGA FORTUNE starts at 200x and can increase up to a maximum of 388x. Upon winning the MEGA FORTUNE the value will reset to 188x. LUCKY COINS can increase the prize by 0.2x, 0.4x, 0.6x, 0.8x or 1x during the normal game and by 2x, 4x, 6x, 8x or 10x during FREE SPINS. DIVINE FORTUNE starts at 888x and can increase up to a maximum of 1888x. Upon winning the INE FORTUNE the value will reset to 888x. LUCKY COINS can increase the prize by 0.5x, 1x, 1.5x, 2x or 2.5x during the normal game and by 5x, 10x, 15x, 20x or 25x during FREE SPINS. FORTUNE COINS FORTUNE COINS are only gathered from symbols participating in a win line. The game starts with 38 coins already in the pot on each stake. Gathering 138 coins triggers the FORTUNE BONUS. Gathering over that amount will trigger the bonus for 138 coins and the excess coins will roll over for the next FORTUNE BONUS. Triggering the FORTUNE BONUS with no excess amount of coins will reset the progress to 0. One random symbol type can appear with FORTUNE COINS. During FREE SPINS all symbols that appear have a FORTUNE COIN. WILD SYMBOLS Substitute for all paying symbols and always appear with a coin. FORTUNE BONUS When triggered the player can pick from 16 possible coins. Picking a coin will reveal the back of the coin which will have one of the four FORTUNE PRIZE colours. Picking three coins of the same colour will award the corresponding FORTUNE PRIZE. Each time the Bonus is triggered all coins will be randomly positioned. LUCKY ENVELOPE The LUCKY ENVELOPE symbol is a scatter. Each LUCKY ENVELOPE that lands on the reels will open to reveal a LUCKY COIN. Up to 10 LUCKY ENVELOPES can land in a single spin and each of them will reveal a random LUCKY COIN. There are four LUCKY COIN colours which increase the corresponding FORTUNE PRIZE with a corresponding amount. FREE SPINS The FREE SPINS symbol is a scatter. Three FREE SPINS symbols on reels 1, 3 & 5 award 8 FREE SPINS. During FREE SPINS all symbols will appear with a FORTUNE COIN. The FORTUNE BONUS can be triggered during FREE SPINS. FREE SPINS symbols do not appear in FREE SPINS and thus no bonus spins will be awarded during the bonus round. HOW TO PLAY FA FA BABIES Total Stake The Total Stake is the total of stakes per line. You can adjust it at any time, using the + or – buttons. Spin the Reels If you are playing on desktop, click the Spin button or press the spacebar to spin. Speed up each reel spin by pressing spacebar again, or by clicking on the reels. For TURBO SPIN, hold down the spacebar or the Spin button. Press the TURBO (fast_forward) button to speed up the game! Autoplay Press the AUTO button to commence automatic play of the game at the currently selected stake. Select how many spins to play via the Total Spins Dropdown menu. More Autoplay settings Select the loss limit: The Autoplay will stop at the last spin before the loss limit is reached. The Аutoplay loss limit should be higher than your stake. Expand the AUTOPLAY dialog by choosing MORE AUTOPLAY SETTINGS. Here you can select additional criteria for the AUTOPLAY stop including - Stop if single win exceeds certain amount; Stop on Bonus Feature. Jackpot Game Win one of the offered jackpot tiers when three or more jackpot symbols appear on the reels or the jackpot is triggered by а game feature. Spin the jackpot wheel to determine which of the offered jackpot tiers will be won.The size of the segments on the jackpot wheel do not correlate to the odds of winning each jackpot tier represented.The chances of winning a jackpot increase in correlation with the size of the stake played. Тhe jackpot is triggered randomly and can be won by playing any of the linked jackpot games. To win the jackpot, the player is not required to make any decisionother than to spin the reels. The stake value cannot be changed during free spins. Internet connectivity issues may cause delays in jackpot messages or updates, but they do not affect actual jackpot wins. It is not possible for two players to win the same jackpot. In the event two jackpot winnings occur close to one another the jackpot will be assigned in their respective order. Due to connectivity issues the jackpot value displayed may differ from the effective jackpot value. The jackpot could be temporary deactivated, when this occurs all contributions are paused. The jackpot amount available upon reactivation will be the same as before the deactivation. The rules for Jackpot discontinuation and Jackpot fund allocation are defined by each Operator at their own discretion. Progressive Jackpot The progressive jackpot is accumulated by all stakes on games offering these jackpots and, in some cases, the jackpots may be offered on multiple websites. A percentage of each total bet is added to a common pot. Part of this contribution is used to form the progressively increasing jackpot amounts, and the other part, contributes to a seed fund, which is the minimum amount of money guaranteed to be made available to players after a jackpot is won by qualifying players. Once the jackpot has been won, a new progressive jackpot will be made available and the process repeats. The jackpot can be triggered and won by a single spin from a single user only. This jackpot does not have a ceiling value and can be won at any time. When the jackpot is won by another player, a notification appears in the jackpot panel. Once won, the amount is transferred directly to the user wallet, even if it is won during a bonus spin. Time Jackpot The time jackpot is a progressive jackpot which is guaranteed to pay out before a set date and time. The prize pot grows with the contributions from the stake of each spin on a jackpot game, and the closer the prize pot gets to the advertised guaranteed latest payout time, the greater the odds of winning it. Оdds increase up to 100% when the guaranteed latest payout time is reached. Once the jackpot has been won, a new time jackpot will be made available and the process repeats with a new deadline for the next guaranteed payout. The jackpot can be triggered and won by a single spin from a single user only. This jackpot does not have a ceiling but must be won before the date and time specified. When the jackpot is won by another player, a notification appears in the jackpot panel. Once won, the amount is transferred directly to the user wallet, even if it is won during a bonus spin. Dynamic Jackpot Allocation Only the first $2 of a stake is eligible to win the time jackpot. Stake amounts in excess of $2 are contributed directly to the progressive jackpot. Daily Drop (time) Current starting value is: $2,000.00, Next minimum starting value is: $2,000.00 Mega Drop (progressive) Current starting value is: $25,000.00, Next minimum starting value is: $25,000.00 General types of games Check the pays menu in the game paytable if you are not sure of the game type. The values related to each symbol, shown either on the slot scene or on the dedicated Symbol Wins pages of the Pays menu, represent stake multipliers and not credits. The prize value from one payline is equal to the total stake divided by the number of paylines, multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple win lines, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same payline, the largest win is paid. Each individual payline can pay only once per spin. Example: Total stake is 2. Total paylines are 20. Symbol multiplier for length of 5 is 300. The win for 1 payline with this symbol and length would be calculated as such: 2 / 20 * 300 = 30. The prize value from one payline in a Multiline game is equal to the stake multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple win lines, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same payline, the largest win is paid. Example: Stake is 2. Symbol multiplier for length of 5 is 20. The win for 1 payline with this symbol and length would be calculated as such: 2 * 20 = 40. The prize value from one way or cluster in a Ways or Winning Clusters game is equal to the stake multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple ways or clusters, the total win values are summed. Example: Total stake = 2. Symbol win multiplier = 2. Win = 2x2 = 4. If there is a Scatter Symbol in the game, all wins will be paid in addition to any other symbol wins occurring on the same spin. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The RTP is ≈ 93.09% which includes base game RTP and jackpot contribution. Minimum stake: $0.10 Maximum stake: $100 Last modification date: 5/2/2023