Crazy Coin Flip Game Objective Crazy Coin Flip is a unique fusion of the slots and live gaming experience, blending the best of both into one exciting game. Crazy Coin Flip features three game phases — Qualification, Top Up and Coin Flip Bonus round. To enjoy the Coin Flip Bonus round, players must qualify by spinning the Qualification slot and collecting three Scatter symbols. Additionally, players have an option to boost their multipliers in Top Up before heading to the Coin Flip Bonus round for the chance to collect the big win. Game Rules The game features three phases: Qualification Top Up Coin Flip Bonus round Qualification When you join the game, it begins with qualification which is played using a five-reel, three-row slot with 10 fixed winlines, one Scatter symbol and seven paying symbols. The goal is to land three Scatter symbols in one spin to qualify for the Coin Flip Bonus round. The Scatter symbols may be with or without multipliers. Once you have successfully qualified, all Scatter multipliers are added together and used in the Coin Flip Bonus round to calculate the final multipliers. Scatter symbol multiplier values range up to 10x. You may still get payouts for winning combinations which are paid out according to the pay table. View the pay table and winline info at any time by simply clicking/tapping the information icon or in How To Play. The Qualification slot has three spin modes: Normal spin (set by default) XXXtreme Spin Super XXXtreme Spin To spin the Qualification slot, select your bet amount and click/tap SPIN. The bet selected in Normal mode becomes your base bet and will be used for calculating your winnings. Activating any of the two XXXtreme spin modes will help you to qualify faster by guaranteeing one or two Scatter symbols each spin at the cost of an increased spin bet amount. Activating XXXtreme spin mode costs five times your base bet for one guaranteed Scatter symbol and increases the chance of getting Scatter multipliers. Activating Super XXXtreme spins costs 50 times the base bet for two guaranteed Scatter symbols and increases the chance of getting multipliers even more. Payouts will be calculated using the base bet. Top Up After you have qualified for the Coin Flip Bonus round and wait for it to begin, spin the Top Up slot for an extra cost to boost your multipliers. The Top Up phase features a three-reel, three-row slot, with red and blue coin symbols having various multiplier values. To get the extra multipliers, collect three same-colored coin symbols in the middle row. To spin the Top Up slot, the minimum Top Up bet amount equals the bet you qualified with (base bet) and the values displayed on the coin symbols are the initial multipliers. The initial multipliers on each coin symbol range from 1x up to 50x. By choosing to increase your Top Up bet amount, you will also increase the value of multipliers on the coin symbols. If you collect three coin symbols of the same color in the middle row, the values of the acquired multipliers are then summed together and added to the total Top Up multiplier for the corresponding coin color. Once the time runs out the player is transferred to the Coin Flip Bonus round. If you join the Top Up phase a certain time before the Coin Flip Bonus round is about to begin, a pop-up message will appear on the screen. COIN FLIP BONUS ROUND BEGINS! Join Bonus round or continue topping up? Click/tap BONUS to join the Coin Flip Bonus or TOP UP to stay in Top Up and wait for the next Bonus round. If no decision is made, you will be transferred to the Coin Flip Bonus round automatically. Coin Flip Bonus round Once the Coin Flip Bonus round starts, sit back and enjoy a show led by a game host. The Coin Flip multiplier for each coin side will be randomly generated to contribute to your total winnings. Coin Flip multiplier values range from 5x up to 100x. These multipliers will be common for all players. After receiving the Coin Flip multipliers, all multipliers (Scatter multiplier, Top Up multipliers and Coin Flip multipliers), will be calculated together and displayed as final multipliers separately on the blue and red side of the coin. The game host then pulls a Coin Flip machine lever to flip the coin. After the coin lands, whichever coin side is facing up is considered the Coin Flip Bonus round result and each player will be paid out according to the multiplier on the winning coin side. Payouts Qualification slot winlines are paid out immediately, unless the player qualifies. If a player qualifies and gets one or more winlines in the same spin, then the payout for the winlines is processed after the Coin Flip Bonus round. Qualification slot winlines The Qualification slot has 10 fixed winlines. Winlines pay if the symbols on them match the pattern in succession from the leftmost reel to the rightmost reel. Only the highest win per winline is paid. There can be one or more winlines in the same spin. Simultaneous wins on different winlines are added together. The amount paid out using the base bet is based on the type and count of collected symbols and is displayed on the screen immediately after the spin. Coin Flip Bonus round payout The Coin Flip Bonus round payout is calculated based on your base bet and final multiplier on the winning side of the coin. Your final multiplier is calculated in the following way: Your total Scatter multiplier gets multiplied with Coin Flip multiplier (examples: 8 × 15x = 120x, 8 × 25x = 200x) Then the total Top Up multipliers get added (examples: 120x + 4x = 124x, 200x + 12x = 212x). Now you see the final multiplier on the blue and red coin sides. When the Coin Flip Bonus round result is determined, the final multiplier on the winning coin side will be multiplied by your base bet amount. Any winnings from the Qualification slot are then added to the Coin Flip Bonus round payout. The game has a theoretical payout cap defined and player’s Top Up bets are checked against it before each Top Up spin. If this Payout cap is reached, certain bet values might not be available. MAX PAYOUT ⁦⁦$⁩1,000⁩ Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Return to Player The optimal theoretical Return to Player (RTP) is 96.05%. Bet RTP Normal Spin 96.05% XXXtreme Spin 96.00% Super XXXtreme Spin 96.05% Top Up 95.06% Place Bets The BET LIMITS panel shows the minimum and maximum allowed bet limits at the table, which may change from time to time. Open the Bet Limits to check your current limits. Crazy Coin Flip ⁦⁦⁦$⁩0.10⁩ – 500⁩ To participate in the game, you must have sufficient funds to cover your bets. You can see your current BALANCE on your screen. BALANCE⁦⁦$⁩100,000⁩ To make a spin, select your bet amount. Click/tap “+” or “-” to increase or reduce your bet or click/tap on the bet amount in the middle and select a bet amount from a scrollable list. Please note that the selected bet will be applied to each spin. If your balance becomes insufficient to place your selected bet, your bet will be automatically reduced to the highest available bet amount. If you wish to enjoy the game at a faster pace, click/tap the TURBO button to accelerate the speed and shorten the spin time. The TOTAL BET indicator displays the total amount of all bets placed in the current round. TOTAL BET⁦⁦$⁩10 The BONUS BET indicator displays the bet amount the player qualified with (base bet), which will be used to calculate the Coin Flip Bonus round payout. BONUS BET⁦⁦$⁩1⁩ Live Support Contact Live Support for game-related inquiries. Chat Chat with other players and/or with a game presenter. Tipping Tipping lets you show gratitude to the game presenters for their good service. Game Number Each game round is identified by a unique GAME NUMBER. This number reflects when the game round began in terms of GMT by hour: minute: second. Please use this game number for the reference (or take a screenshot of the game number) if you wish to contact Customer Service regarding a particular round. Sound Sound controls all sounds in the game. Game History Game History displays your Evolution game rounds and results Settings Settings let you customize user preferences that are saved to your profile. Responsible Gaming The RESPONSIBLE GAMING button allows you to access the page outlining the Responsible Gaming policy. This page provides useful information and links regarding responsible online gaming behavior and how to set limitations to your game sessions. Error Handling If there is an error in the game, system, or game procedure, the game round will be temporarily paused while the game host notifies the service manager. You and other players will be notified via Chat, or by an on-screen pop-up message, that the issue is being investigated. If the manager can immediately resolve the error, the game round will continue as normal. If immediate resolution is not possible, the game round will be canceled, and the initial bets will be refunded to all the players who participated in the game round. Disconnection Policy If you are disconnected from a game round, any placed bets remain valid and are settled in your absence. Upon reconnecting, you can view the bet outcomes in the History window. More Games Evolution Lobby — easy game selection without exiting your current game until a new game is chosen. Lobby Multi-Game Play If you enjoy non-stop action, you can join more than one game table — then view and play them simultaneously, all in the same browser window! After you have joined at least one game table, click on LOBBY. In the lobby or game, click the +TABLE button associated with that table to join it. Certain tables may be unavailable for multi-game play and will therefore not display a +TABLE button. After you have joined multiple tables, you will be able to resize your browser window as a whole, but you will not be able to resize each game table window separately. You can exit any table without affecting your presence at other tables you have joined. To exit a table, click the X button. Please note: You will automatically exit a table if you join the same table through a different device/browser. If you click directly on a table icon instead of the +TABLE button, you will merely switch tables instead of joining the chosen table in addition to the table you joined previously. We kindly advise you to join only as many tables as your screen can accommodate while still allowing you to place bets deliberately and accurately. Shortcut Keys Shortcut keys can be used to quickly perform useful game functions. Key Function ESC When applicable, the ESC key can be used to: Exit the full-screen mode Close an open pop-up window (History, How To Play, Settings, etc.) SPACEBAR Used to SPIN the slot (Qualification and Top Up slot). Last modification date: 3/18/2026