Bass Boss Megaways SPECIAL SYMBOLS AND FEATURES MEGAWAYS™ The number of possible win ways varies per spin according to the total number of individual symbols which land on the reels, with a maximum potential of 117,649 MegaWays™ to win! CHAIN REACTION Symbols forming wins disappear, making way for new symbols to drop in that may form new wins. There is no limit to the possible chain reactions. CATCH! A fisherman sits above the reels and randomly casts his fishing line into the water during or after a spin in an attempt to catch fish. The float of his fishing line will be placed over a random reel and collect every fish on that same reel. Randomly at the end of a spin or chain reaction where no win occurred, the fisherman may cast the fishing line over a reel with fish symbols or special symbols to catch them. FISH SCATTERS The Fish scatters can land anywhere on the reels except on the horizontal reel. They do not participate in win ways and they each hold an INSTANT WIN prize representing a monetary value based on a stake MULTIPLIER. The fish and their corresponding stake MULTIPLIERS are: Grey Fish holding either 0.5x, 1x, 2x or 3x Blue Fish holding either 5x, 6x, 7x or 10x When a fish is caught by the fisherman, its INSTANT WIN prize is immediately paid out. GROUNDBAIT Randomly, before casting his fishing line, the fisherman may throw groundbait in the water and many Grey and/or Blue fish will land on the reels, with at least one fish guaranteed per reel. IMPROVED FLOAT Random MULTIPLIERS may be applied to the float of the fishing line during the normal game. Any fish caught when there is a MULTIPLIER on the float will have its INSTANT WIN prize multiplied by the specified amount. Possible multipliers : x2, x3, x5, x10 HORIZONTAL REEL There is a horizontal reel below the standard reels. All paying symbols are possible to land on that reel, but additionally the following symbols appear exclusively on that reel: Green Fish: 1x2 in size, holding either 15x, 20x, 25x or 30x Orange Fish: 1x3 in size, holding either 50x, 75x, 100x or 200x Golden Catfish: 1x4 in size, holding either 500x, 750x, 1,000x or 2,000x Fish School scatter Underwater Mine scatter Instant CONTEST SPINS scatter FISH SCHOOL When caught by the fisherman, the Fish School scatter transforms all symbols of the vertical reel above it, including itself into a Grey or Blue Fish symbols randomly. All fish symbols placed by the Fish School are then caught by the fisherman. UNDERWATER MINE When caught by the fisherman, the Underwater Mine scatter explodes and the prizes of all fish symbols on the reels are collected by the fisherman and awarded. INSTANT CONTEST SPINS When caught by the fisherman, the Instant CONTEST SPINS scatter immediately triggers CONTEST SPINS by itself. CONTEST SPINS Landing 3 or more CONTEST SPINS scatters anywhere on the reels except the horizontal reel will trigger a bonus round, which awards a number of CONTEST SPINS based on the total count of scatters landed: 3 CONTEST SPINS scatters = 10 free spins 4 CONTEST SPINS scatters = 15 free spins 5 CONTEST SPINS scatters = 20 free spins 6 CONTEST SPINS scatters = 25 free spins Additionally, if the fisherman catches an INSTANT CONTEST SPINS symbol, 10 CONTEST SPINS are triggered. During CONTEST SPINS the fisherman will cast his fishing line in the water on every spin. A progress bar appears during CONTEST SPINS and tracks the number of fish caught. The progress bar has 4 milestones that require a number of caught fish to be reached. Reaching each milestone awards 8 additional CONTEST SPINS and a float MULTIPLIER as follows: Level 1: 12 fish caught, x2 MULTILPIER Level 2: 13 fish caught, x3 MULTILPIER Level 3: 14 fish caught, x5 MULTILPIER Level 4: 15 fish caught, x10 MULTILPIER The MULTIPLIER remains until the end of the bonus round. HOW TO PLAY BASS BOSS MEGAWAYS FEATURE BUY The feature starts automatically after your confirmation. If you refresh the game during the feature you will receive the end result. The Buy Feature is activated immediately after clicking the "buy" button. The cost of each feature is displayed in the Feature Buy pop-up and is based on the currently selected stake. Buying a feature does NOT contribute towards any Jackpots. Total Stake The Total Stake is the total of stakes per line. You can adjust it at any time, using the + or – buttons. Spin the Reels If you are playing on desktop, click the Spin button or press the spacebar to spin. Speed up each reel spin by pressing spacebar again, or by clicking on the reels. For TURBO SPIN, hold down the spacebar or the Spin button. Press the TURBO (fast_forward) button to speed up the game! Autoplay Press the AUTO button to commence automatic play of the game at the currently selected stake. Select how many spins to play via the Total Spins Dropdown menu. More Autoplay settings Select the loss limit: The Autoplay will stop at the last spin before the loss limit is reached. The Аutoplay loss limit should be higher than your stake. Expand the AUTOPLAY dialog by choosing MORE AUTOPLAY SETTINGS. Here you can select additional criteria for the AUTOPLAY stop including - Stop if single win exceeds certain amount; Stop on Bonus Feature. Jackpot Game Win one of the offered jackpot tiers when three or more jackpot symbols appear on the reels or the jackpot is triggered by а game feature. Spin the jackpot wheel to determine which of the offered jackpot tiers will be won.The size of the segments on the jackpot wheel do not correlate to the odds of winning each jackpot tier represented.The chances of winning a jackpot increase in correlation with the size of the stake played. Тhe jackpot is triggered randomly and can be won by playing any of the linked jackpot games. To win the jackpot, the player is not required to make any decision other than to spin the reels. The stake value cannot be changed during free spins. Internet connectivity issues may cause delays in jackpot messages or updates, but they do not affect actual jackpot wins. It is not possible for two players to win the same jackpot. In the event two jackpot winnings occur close to one another the jackpot will be assigned in their respective order. Due to connectivity issues the jackpot value displayed may differ from the effective jackpot value. The jackpot could be temporary deactivated, when this occurs all contributions are paused. The jackpot amount available upon reactivation will be the same as before the deactivation. The rules for Jackpot discontinuation and Jackpot fund allocation are defined by each Operator at their own discretion. Progressive Jackpot The progressive jackpot is accumulated by all stakes on games offering these jackpots and, in some cases, the jackpots may be offered on multiple websites. A percentage of each total bet is added to a common pot. Part of this contribution is used to form the progressively increasing jackpot amounts, and the other part, contributes to a seed fund, which is the minimum amount of money guaranteed to be made available to players after a jackpot is won by qualifying players. Once the jackpot has been won, a new progressive jackpot will be made available and the process repeats. The jackpot can be triggered and won by a single spin from a single user only. The jackpot does not have a ceiling value. The odds of winning the jackpot increases with the size of the jackpot and can be won at any time. When the jackpot is won by another player, a notification appears in the jackpot panel. Once won, the amount is transferred directly to the user wallet, even if it is won during a bonus spin. Time Jackpot The time jackpot is a progressive jackpot which is guaranteed to pay out before a set date and time. The prize pot grows with the contributions from the stake of each spin on a jackpot game, and the closer the prize pot gets to the advertised guaranteed latest payout time, the greater the odds of winning it. Оdds increase up to 100% when the guaranteed latest payout time is reached. Once the jackpot has been won, a new time jackpot will be made available and the process repeats with a new deadline for the next guaranteed payout. The jackpot can be triggered and won by a single spin from a single user only. This jackpot does not have a ceiling but must be won before the date and time specified. When the jackpot is won by another player, a notification appears in the jackpot panel. Once won, the amount is transferred directly to the user wallet, even if it is won during a bonus spin. Dynamic Jackpot Allocation Only the first $2 of a stake is eligible to win the time jackpot. Stake amounts in excess of $2 are contributed directly to the progressive jackpot. Daily drop (time) Current starting value is: $1,500.00, Next minimum starting value is: $1,500.00 Mega drop (progressive) Current starting value is: $25,000.00, Next minimum starting value is: $25,000.00 General types of games Check the pays menu in the game paytable if you are not sure of the game type. The values related to each symbol, shown either on the slot scene or on the dedicated Symbol Wins pages of the Pays menu, represent stake multipliers and not credits. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. If you are playing a Lines game, the prize value from one payline is equal to the total stake multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the Paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple win lines, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same payline, the largest win is paid. Each individual payline can pay only once per spin. If you are playing a Ways or a Cluster game, the prize value from one way or winning cluster is equal to the payout advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple ways or clusters, the total win values are summed. If there is a Scatter Symbol in the game, all wins will be paid in addition to any other symbol wins occurring on the same spin. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 6/18/2025