Cash Goddess SPECIAL SYMBOLS AND FEATURES EXPANDING WILD SYMBOLS The WILD symbol can land on all reels and expands to the entire reel on landing. The WILD substitutes for all paying symbols except Scatter and counts as the symbol which forms the longest winning combination on a single win line. CASH SYMBOLS & BONUS PRIZES CASH symbols appear on all reels and hold cash prizes or bonus prizes representing a stake MULTIPLIER, based on the current stake. The possible prizes are: 1x, 2x, 3x, 5x, 10x, 15x The possible bonus prizes are: MINI – 20x MINOR – 100x MAJOR – 500x MEGA – 10,000x All of these prizes may only be won during the Hold & Respin feature. Each CASH symbol with the text "MINI", "MINOR", "MAJOR" or "MEGA" awards the value of the respective bonus prize at the end of a Hold & Respin feature. Only 1 "MEGA" bonus prize can be won in a single Hold & Respin feature. HOLD & RESPIN 6 or more CASH symbols trigger a Hold & Respin bonus round. All CASH symbols are held and 3 respins are initially awarded. Each symbol position is turned into a separate reel. It is only possible for empty symbols or CASH symbols to land on the reels. The number of remaining respins is reset to 3 each time a new CASH symbol lands. The bonus round ends if no symbols land for a duration of 3 respins or if the entire grid is filled with symbols. The total value of all the landed CASH symbols is awarded at the end of the bonus round. FREE SPINS Landing 3, 4 or 5 FREE SPINS scatters anywhere on the reels triggers 10 FREE SPINS. Each FREE SPINS scatter on the middle 3 reels during the bonus awards 10 more FREE SPINS. In FREE SPINS the SCATTER, WILD and CASH symbols can only land on the middle 3 reels. Cash prizes containing the MINI, MINOR, MAJOR or MEGA bonus prizes cannot land in FREE SPINS. Any WILD that lands on the middle 3 reels expands to a 3x3 size MEGA WILD on the entire middle 3 reels. If 2 or 3 WILD symbols land on the middle 3 reels, they expand to a MEGA WILD, holding x2 or x3 MULTIPLIERS respectively. The MULTIPLIER is applied to all win lines in which the WILD participates. During FREE SPINS, any CASH symbol on the middle 3 reels expands to a 3x3 size MEGA CASH symbol. The initial value of the landed CASH symbol is multiplied by 9 and applied to the MEGA CASH symbol. If more than 1 CASH symbol has landed on the middle 3 reels their values are first added up. Then the sum, multiplied by 9, is applied to the resulting MEGA CASH symbol. The MEGA CASH symbol is then held and a Hold & Respin feature is triggered. If there are any remaining FREE SPINS they are played out after the Hold & Respin feature ends. If win lines have occurred, any expanding happens after they have been awarded. HOW TO PLAY CASH GODDESS FEATURE BUY The feature starts automatically after your confirmation. If you refresh the game during the feature you will receive the end result. The Buy Feature is activated immediately after clicking the "buy" button. The cost of each feature is displayed in the Feature Buy pop-up and is based on the currently selected stake. Buying a feature does NOT contribute towards any Jackpots. The calculated overall RTP in Feature Buy is 95.68%. Total Stake The Total Stake is the total of stakes per line. You can adjust it at any time, using the + or – buttons. Spin the Reels If you are playing on desktop, click the Spin button or press the spacebar to spin. Speed up each reel spin by pressing spacebar again, or by clicking on the reels. For TURBO SPIN, hold down the spacebar or the Spin button. Press the TURBO button to speed up the game! Autoplay Press the AUTO button to commence automatic play of the game at the currently selected stake. Select how many spins to play via the Total Spins Dropdown menu. More Autoplay settings Select the loss limit: The Autoplay will stop at the last spin before the loss limit is reached. The Аutoplay loss limit should be higher than your stake. Expand the AUTOPLAY dialog by choosing MORE AUTOPLAY SETTINGS. Here you can select additional criteria for the AUTOPLAY stop including - Stop if single win exceeds certain amount; Stop on Bonus Feature. General types of games Check the pays menu in the game paytable if you are not sure of the game type. The values related to each symbol, shown either on the slot scene or on the dedicated Symbol Wins pages of the Pays menu, represent stake multipliers and not credits. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. If you are playing a Lines game, the prize value from one payline is equal to the total stake multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the Paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple win lines, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same payline, the largest win is paid. Each individual payline can pay only once per spin. If you are playing a Ways or a Cluster game, the prize value from one way or winning cluster is equal to the payout advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple ways or clusters, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same way or cluster, the largest win is paid. If there is a Scatter Symbol in the game, all wins will be paid in addition to any other symbol wins occurring on the same spin. If you are playing a Scatter Pays game only the highest winning combination is paid per symbol. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. In case of an incomplete game round due to connection loss where the result has not yet occurred, the game will generate an outcome for the round, which will be shown upon restoring of connection and the result will be visible in the Game History after refreshing the game. In case of an incomplete game round due to connection loss where the result has occurred, but the player could not be informed of this fact, the game will inform the player of the outcome upon refreshing of the game and the result will be visible in the Game History. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. RTP ≈ 92.74% Minimum stake: $0.20 Maximum stake: $30 Last modification date: 6/11/2025