Monopoly Rent Rush SPECIAL SYMBOLS AND FEATURES WILD WILDS substitute for all paying symbols and count as the symbol which forms the longest winning combination on a single win line. HOUSES House symbols may land on reels 1, 2, 3 and 4. MR. MONOPOLY Mr. Monopoly is a 1x4 super symbol that can land only on the last reel. RENT PRIZES A property card is placed above each of the first 4 reels. Landing House symbols together with Mr. Monopoly in a spin awards the respective RENT PRIZES in the property card for the reels where House symbols landed. The RENT PRIZES are cash prizes representing a stake MULTIPLIER and they depend on the number of House symbols that landed on the reel. The RENT PRIZES for each reel are as follows: First reel: 1 House: 2x 2 Houses: 4x 3 Houses: 6x 4 Houses: 8x Second reel: 1 House: 3x 2 Houses: 5x 3 Houses: 7.5x 4 Houses: 10x Third reel: 1 House: 4x 2 Houses: 6x 3 Houses: 10x 4 Houses: 15x Fourth reel: 1 House: 5x 2 Houses: 7.5x 3 Houses: 17.5x 4 Houses: 25x NUDGE Randomly in a spin where House symbols have landed on the reels but Mr. Monopoly did not land, the last reel may nudge to reveal Mr. Monopoly. HOUSE FOR RENT Randomly when Mr. Monopoly lands, he may throw his top hat adding 1 or more House symbols on random positions. GENEROUS HAND Randomly when Mr. Monopoly lands together with House symbols in a spin, he may award either a MULTIPLIER ROLL or a PROPERTY UPGRADE. MULTIPLIER ROLL When a MULTIPLIER ROLL is triggered the player rolls 2 dice. A MULTIPLIER lane with 12 sectors appears on the right side of the reels with random MULTIPLIERS on each sector. The sum of the dice thrown shows the number of steps that will be moved on the MULTIPLIER lane. The corresponding MULTIPLIER to the step reached is awarded and applies to any RENT PRIZES won. The possible MULTIPLIERS are: x2, x3, x4, x5, x6, x7, x8, x9, x10, x12. PROPERTY UPGRADE When a PROPERTY UPGRADE is awarded Mr. Monopoly will add 1 additional House to each reel where House symbols have landed. If 4 Houses have landed on a single reel, they will be upgraded to a Hotel super symbol, 1x4 in size, instead. Hotels award an exceptional RENT PRIZE, as follows: First reel: 50x Second reel: 100x Third reel: 350x Fourth reel: 1000x FREE SPINS The Diamond symbol is a scatter. Landing a Diamond symbol on the last reel has a chance to randomly trigger the FREE SPINS bonus round with 3 spins. At the start of FREE SPINS Mr. Monopoly will appear on the last reel and remain locked for the duration of the bonus round. Only House or empty symbols may land on the reels in FREE SPINS. House symbols lock for the duration of the bonus round. Landing a new House symbol resets the number of spins back to 3. Randomly during the bonus round on the last spin left, if a House symbol did not land, Mr. Monopoly can trigger House for Rent, adding 1 or more House symbols on random positions and resetting the spins back to 3. The FREE SPINS feature ends after 3 spins without landing new House symbols, or on full grid. At the end of the bonus round the generous hand of Mr. Monopoly will always award randomly either a MULTIPLIER ROLL, a PROPERTY UPGRADE or both! After that the respective RENT PRIZES in the property cards for the reels where House and Hotel symbols are present are awarded. HOW TO PLAY MONOPOLY RENT RUSH FEATURE BUY The feature starts automatically after your confirmation. If you refresh the game during the feature, you will receive the end result. The Buy Feature is activated immediately after clicking the "buy" button. The cost of each feature is displayed in the Feature Buy pop-up and is based on the currently selected stake. Buying a feature does NOT contribute towards any Jackpots. The calculated overall RTP in Feature Buy is 96.16%. Total Stake The Total Stake is the total of stakes per line. You can adjust it at any time using the + or – buttons. Spin the Reels If you are playing on desktop, click the Spin button or press the space bar to spin. Speed up each reel spin by pressing space bar again, or by clicking on the reels. For TURBO SPIN, hold down the space bar or the Spin button. Press the TURBO button to speed up the game! Autoplay Press the AUTO button to commence automatic play of the game at the currently selected stake. Select how many spins to play via the Total Spins Dropdown menu. More Autoplay settings Select the loss limit: The Autoplay will stop at the last spin before the loss limit is reached. The Аutoplay loss limit should be higher than your stake. Expand the AUTOPLAY dialog by choosing MORE AUTOPLAY SETTINGS. Here you can select additional criteria for the AUTOPLAY stop including - Stop if single win exceeds certain amount; Stop on Bonus Feature. Jackpot Game Win one of the offered jackpot tiers when the jackpot is triggered by а game feature. Spin the jackpot wheel to determine which of the offered jackpot tiers will be won. The size of the segments on the jackpot wheel do not correlate to the odds of winning each jackpot tier represented. The chances of winning a jackpot increase in correlation with the size of the stake played. Jackpot prizes are not affected by any game features e.g. multipliers are never applied to jackpots. Тhe jackpot is triggered randomly and can be won by playing any of the linked jackpot games. To win the jackpot, the player is not required to make any decision other than to spin the reels. The stake value cannot be changed during free spins. Internet connectivity issues may cause delays in jackpot messages or updates, but they do not affect actual jackpot wins. It is not possible for two players to win the same jackpot. In the event two jackpot winnings occur close to one another the jackpot will be assigned in their respective order. Due to connectivity issues the jackpot value displayed may differ from the effective jackpot value. The jackpot could be temporary deactivated, when this occurs all contributions are paused. The jackpot amount available upon reactivation will be the same as before the deactivation. The rules for Jackpot discontinuation and Jackpot fund allocation are defined by each Operator at their own discretion. Progressive Jackpot The progressive jackpot is accumulated by all stakes on games offering these jackpots and, in some cases, the jackpots may be offered on multiple websites. A percentage of each total bet is added to a common pot. Part of this contribution is used to form the progressively increasing jackpot amounts, and the other part contributes to a seed fund, which is the minimum amount of money guaranteed to be made available to players after a jackpot is won by qualifying players. Once the jackpot has been won, a new progressive jackpot will be made available and the process repeats. The jackpot can be triggered and won by a single spin from a single user only. The jackpot does not have a ceiling value. The odds of winning the jackpot increases with the size of the jackpot and can be won at any time. When the jackpot is won by another player, a notification appears in the jackpot panel. Once won, the amount is transferred directly to the user wallet, even if it is won during a bonus spin. Time Jackpot The time jackpot is a progressive jackpot that is guaranteed to pay out before a set date and time. The prize pot grows with the contributions from the stake of each spin on a jackpot game, and the closer the prize pot gets to the advertised guaranteed latest payout time, the greater the odds of winning it. Оdds increase up to 100% when the guaranteed latest payout time is reached. Once the jackpot has been won, a new time jackpot will be made available and the process repeats with a new deadline for the next guaranteed payout. The jackpot can be triggered and won by a single spin from a single user only. This jackpot does not have a ceiling but must be won before the date and time specified. When the jackpot is won by another player, a notification appears in the jackpot panel. Once won, the amount is transferred directly to the user wallet, even if it is won during a bonus spin. Dynamic Jackpot Allocation Only the first $2 of a stake is eligible to win the time jackpot. Stake amounts in excess of $2 are contributed directly to the progressive jackpot. Daily Drop (time) Current starting value is: $2,000.00, Next minimum starting value is: $2,000.00 Mega Drop (progressive) Current starting value is: $25,000.00, Next minimum starting value is: $25,000.00 General types of games Check the pays menu in the game paytable if you are not sure of the game type. The values related to each symbol, shown either on the slot scene or on the dedicated Symbol Wins pages of the Pays menu, represent stake multipliers and not credits. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. If you are playing a Lines game, the prize value from one payline is equal to the total stake multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the Paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple win lines, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same payline, the largest win is paid. Each individual payline can pay only once per spin. If you are playing a Ways or a Cluster game, the prize value from one way or winning cluster is equal to the payout advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple ways or clusters, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same way or cluster, the largest win is paid. If there is a Scatter Symbol in the game, all wins will be paid in addition to any other symbol wins occurring on the same spin. If you are playing a Scatter Pays game, only the highest winning combination is paid per symbol. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. In case of an incomplete game round due to connection loss where the result has not yet occurred, the game will generate an outcome for the round, which will be shown upon restoring of connection and the result will be visible in the Game History after refreshing the game. In case of an incomplete game round due to connection loss where the result has occurred, but the player could not be informed of this fact, the game will inform the player of the outcome upon refreshing of the game and the result will be visible in the Game History. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The RTP is ≈ 93.05%, which includes base game RTP and jackpot contribution. The calculated max multiplier of the game is 17497. Minimum stake: $0.10 Maximum stake: $20 Last modification date: 1/20/2026