Over the Moon Over the Moon Help Introducing the game Over the Moon is a six-reel video slot with reacting wins featuring Megaways™ and Megascatter Enhanced Free Spins. How to play Select your stake by clicking the left and right arrow buttons on the stake. The stake value is displayed in the stake display. All payouts are multiplied by the stake of each individual spin. Auto play To set up Auto play press the Auto button. This will display Auto play panel which the player can use to modify the number of spins, set a loss limit or set a win limit. When a loss limit has been set the player can select Start to commence auto play. When Auto play is on, the Play button will change to a Stop button. The remaining Auto plays will be displayed in the Stop button. The player can cancel Auto play by clicking the Stop button. Auto play will stop automatically if any of the limits set is reached or anything occurs that requires player intervention. Auto play may not be available in your jurisdiction. Start the spin Press the Play button to start the spin at the stake displayed. The reels will spin and then come to stop, displaying the result. Bonus Buy Press the Bonus Buy button to access the Bonus Buy menu. You may buy 12 Free Spins for 70 times the Free Spins Stake, or 12 Enhanced Free Spins for 140 times the Free Spins Stake. The Free Spins Stake can be changed by pressing the plus and minus buttons on the Free Spins Stake display. The Free Spins Stake will apply to each Free Spin. Press the price to buy the bonus for that price. The price will be deducted from your balance. Bonus Buy may be limited or unavailable in your jurisdiction. Win Exchange™ Whenever you win 80 times stake or more, you have the option to exchange 80 times your stake for 12 Free Spins. Press COLLECT to keep your win without performing an exchange. Press EXCHANGE to exchange 80 times your stake for 12 Free Spins. Whenever you win between 25 and 80 times stake, you have the option to exchange the entire win for the chance to be awarded 12 Free Spins. The chance of winning the gamble is shown in green on a wheel. Press COLLECT to keep your win without performing a gamble. Press GAMBLE to exchange your win and spin the wheel for a chance to be awarded 12 Free Spins. If the gamble is successful then 12 Free Spins are awarded. An unsuccessful gamble results in no Free Spins being awarded. Whenever Free Spins are awarded, either Enhanced Free Spins or regular Free Spins will be awarded, at random. The chance of winning Enhanced Free Spins is shown in purple on a second wheel. Win Exchange is not offered if the Free Spins have been triggered. Symbol Wins A win is matching consecutive symbols, regardless of height, from left to right starting from left most reel. Highest win paid per winning combination. All winning combinations are added together. See PAYS for further information. Reactions All winning symbols, including Meteors and the Battery symbol, but excluding Scatters, are part of a reaction and are replaced by symbols coming from above. Wild Wild substitutes for all symbols except Scatters, Meteor and Battery. Wild occurs on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 only Rocket Each spin or reaction, a Rocket may appear onscreen. In the base game, Rockets may display a x1, x5 or x10 multiplier. Rockets may have up to three fuel cells lit. After each reaction, any Rocket with no fuel cells lit is removed, and any other Rocket loses one fuel cell. Up to three Rockets can be onscreen at one time. All Rockets are removed from the screen at the end of each base game and at the end of the Free Spins. Meteor Prizes Every Meteor symbol that occurs will reveal a Meteor Prize. Meteor Prizes will be awarded for each Rocket onscreen. All Meteor Prizes are multiplied by any multipliers displayed on Rockets. If no Rockets are onscreen, Meteor Prizes are not awarded. Meteor Prize amounts are random, based on the number of visible symbols on the reel where it occurs: If the reel has 2 or 3 symbols, each Meteor Prize appearing on the reel can be up to 100 times stake amount. If the reel has 4 or 5 symbols, each Meteor Prize appearing on the reel can be up to 1.5 times stake amount If the reel has 6 or 7 symbols, each Meteor Prize appearing on the reel can be up to 0.75 times stake amount. Scatter There are two Scatters: The regular Scatter and the Megascatter. 3 or more Scatters in any position award 12 Free Spins, plus 2 for each Scatter beyond the third. If one or more of the triggering Scatters is a Megascatter, Enhanced Free Spins are awarded. In the base game regular Scatters can appear in reels 1 to 5 and the Megascatter can appear in reel 6 only. Free Spins The first Rocket in the Free Spins has a Rocket Multiplier of x1, the second Rocket has a Rocket Multiplier of x2, and so on. Meteor Prizes are multiplied by all displayed Rocket Multipliers. If no Rockets are onscreen, Meteor Prizes are not awarded. After each reaction and after each Free Spin, any Rocket with no fuel cells lit is removed, and any other Rocket loses one fuel cell. A Battery symbol may occur on Reel 6 only. Each Battery symbol causes all Rockets onscreen to gain three lit fuel cells. Battery does not occur in the base game. Free Spins (continued) 3 or more Scatters in any position award an additional 4 Free Spins, plus 2 for each Scatter beyond the third. In the Free Spins, regular Scatters can appear in any of the six reels and the Megascatter does not occur. The stake that was used to trigger the Free Spins will be used for the Free Spins duration. At the end of the Free Spins, the total winnings for the spins will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited into the players account and regular play then resumes. Enhanced Free Spins During Enhanced Free Spins, Rocket Multipliers start at x2 and increase by two for each Rocket that occurs. Return to Player (RTP) The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Values are calculated initially by dividing the total payouts by the total bets from a simulation of numerous game rounds. Values reflect the maximum expected RTP and do not change. The RTP is defined at different stages or modes of the game. Overall RTP: 96.55% Bonus Buy RTP: 96.55% General Information In the event of a non-responsive game or problem during a spin, the game will repeat the incomplete spin and display the result to the player when the game is next launched. Incomplete games will be automatically resolved after 30 minutes. Any winnings resulting from automatic resolve shall be paid to player's account. System malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 9/26/2023