Piggy Riches Begins SPECIAL SYMBOLS AND FEATURES WILD SYMBOL WILD symbols land on reels 2, 3 and 4 and substitute for all paying symbols. The WILD symbol's size is 1x1 on starting the game on a new bet. After each Hold and Respin feature, WILD symbols increase in size vertically with one position, until reaching a size of 1x4 in the 4th level. COLLECTOR The COLLECTOR scatter may land on reel 5 during the base spins. No more than 1 may land in a base spin. It collects the value of all CASH scatters and all PRIZE scatters on the reels on landing, if their number is less than 6 in total. In case of 6 or more CASH and PRIZE symbols, first the Hold and Respin bonus is entered, and then the CASH symbols only are collected by the COLLECTOR. It stays in its place until the end of the feature, collecting all the CASH symbols that land, to free their space for new symbols. The COLLECTOR does not collect PRIZE symbols during the Hold and Respin feature. CASH SCATTER CASH scatters hold a random cash value depending on the progression level. During the base spin, the value can be awarded to the player when collected by a COLLECTOR. During the Hold and Respin feature, the value is given to the current COLLECTORS. If there are no COLLECTORS, the value is awarded to the player at the end of the feature. MULTIPLIER SYMBOL MULTIPLIER scatters may land on the last reel only. The symbol reveals a random MULTIPLIER depending on the progression level on landing. The MULTIPLIER multiplies the win ways' wins only. It does not affect the CASH and PRIZE symbols awards. The MULTIPLIER cannot land in a base spin with the COLLECTOR. No more than 1 may land in a spin. HOLD AND RESPIN BONUS 6 or more CASH and PRIZE symbols trigger the Hold and Respin bonus. All CASH, PRIZE and COLLECTOR symbols are held. 3 respins are awarded initially. Each position on the columns operates as a separate reel, spinning independently. Only CASH scatters, PRIZE scatters, COLLECTORS and blank positions may land during the feature. Each new non-blank symbol resets the number of the remaining respins to 3. Each COLLECTOR collects the values of all CASH symbols on landing to free their positions for new symbols to land. The PRIZE symbols are not collected before the end of the feature. The COLLECTOR sticks to its landing position, remaining there until the end of the feature. It collects all new CASH symbols as they land. New COLLECTORS may land too. If there is more than 1 COLLECTOR, each collects all CASH symbols. The feature ends on 3 respins without a new CASH or PRIZE or COLLECTOR scatter, or on a full grid. At the end of the bonus all CASH scatters or COLLECTOR scatters and the prizes of all PRIZE scatters are paid to the player. It is not possible to land more than 1 MEGA PRIZE scatter per 1 base spin and its Hold and Respin bonus. PROGRESSION There are 4 levels of progression in the game. When the game is initiated for the first time on a new bet, it starts on the 1st level. Each Hold and Respin feature, during the first 3 levels, raises the level. The 1st level starts with WILD symbols at size 1x1. The CASH scatters' possible values are 1x, 2x and 3x. The MULTIPLIER scatters' possible values are x2, x3, x4, x5, x6, x8, x10. At the 2nd level WILD symbols are size 1x2. The CASH scatters' possible values are 1x, 2x, 3x, 5x and 10x. The MULTIPLIER scatters' possible values are x2, x3, x4, x5, x6, x8, x10, x12, x15, x20, x25. At the 3rd level WILD symbols are size 1x3. The CASH scatters' possible values are 1x, 2x, 3x, 5x, 10x, 15x, 20x. The MULTIPLIER scatters' possible values are x2, x3, x4, x5, x6, x8, x10, x12, x15, x20, x25, x50, x100. At the 4th level WILD symbols are size 1x4. The CASH scatters' possible values are 1x, 2x, 3x, 5x, 10x, 15x, 20x. 4 PRIZE scatters are added at this level – MINI (25x), MINOR (250x), MAJOR (1000x), MEGA (20000x). The MULTIPLIER scatters' possible values are x2, x3, x4, x5, x6, x8, x10, x12, x15, x20, x25, x50, x100, x250, x500, x1000. The Hold and Respin bonus on level 4 does not affect the level or game features. HOW TO PLAY PIGGY RICHES BEGINS Game Progress Any progress features in the game, including symbols locked onto the reels that affect subsequent spins, are saved for your game at the stake level you are playing at. You can have different progress levels at different stakes on the same game, and move between them by changing the stake. If you are awarded free spins from a promotional campaign, any progress in the main game, including any locked symbols, will be saved and be available to continue playing at the same stake once the free spins have been completed. Please note that this stateful game saves its state forever. FEATURE BUY The feature starts automatically after your confirmation. If you refresh the game during the feature, you will receive the end result. The Buy Feature is activated immediately after clicking the "buy" button. The cost of each feature is displayed in the Feature Buy pop-up and is based on the currently selected stake. Buying a feature does NOT contribute towards any Jackpots. The calculated overall RTP in Feature Buy is 96.12%. Total Stake The Total Stake is the total of stakes per line. You can adjust it at any time using the + or – buttons. Spin the Reels If you are playing on desktop, click the Spin button or press the space bar to spin. Speed up each reel spin by pressing space bar again, or by clicking on the reels. For TURBO SPIN, hold down the space bar or the Spin button. Press the TURBO button to speed up the game! Autoplay Press the AUTO button to commence automatic play of the game at the currently selected stake. Select how many spins to play via the Total Spins Dropdown menu. More Autoplay settings Select the loss limit: The Autoplay will stop at the last spin before the loss limit is reached. The Аutoplay loss limit should be higher than your stake. Expand the AUTOPLAY dialog by choosing MORE AUTOPLAY SETTINGS. Here you can select additional criteria for the AUTOPLAY stop including - Stop if single win exceeds certain amount; Stop on Bonus Feature. Jackpot Game Win one of the offered jackpot tiers when the jackpot is triggered by а game feature. Spin the jackpot wheel to determine which of the offered jackpot tiers will be won. The size of the segments on the jackpot wheel do not correlate to the odds of winning each jackpot tier represented. The chances of winning a jackpot increase in correlation with the size of the stake played. Jackpot prizes are not affected by any game features e.g. multipliers are never applied to jackpots. Тhe jackpot is triggered randomly and can be won by playing any of the linked jackpot games. To win the jackpot, the player is not required to make any decision other than to spin the reels. The stake value cannot be changed during free spins. Internet connectivity issues may cause delays in jackpot messages or updates, but they do not affect actual jackpot wins. It is not possible for two players to win the same jackpot. In the event two jackpot winnings occur close to one another the jackpot will be assigned in their respective order. Due to connectivity issues the jackpot value displayed may differ from the effective jackpot value. The jackpot could be temporary deactivated, when this occurs all contributions are paused. The jackpot amount available upon reactivation will be the same as before the deactivation. The rules for Jackpot discontinuation and Jackpot fund allocation are defined by each Operator at their own discretion. Progressive Jackpot The progressive jackpot is accumulated by all stakes on games offering these jackpots and, in some cases, the jackpots may be offered on multiple websites. A percentage of each total bet is added to a common pot. Part of this contribution is used to form the progressively increasing jackpot amounts, and the other part contributes to a seed fund, which is the minimum amount of money guaranteed to be made available to players after a jackpot is won by qualifying players. Once the jackpot has been won, a new progressive jackpot will be made available and the process repeats. The jackpot can be triggered and won by a single spin from a single user only. The jackpot does not have a ceiling value. The odds of winning the jackpot increases with the size of the jackpot and can be won at any time. When the jackpot is won by another player, a notification appears in the jackpot panel. Once won, the amount is transferred directly to the user wallet, even if it is won during a bonus spin. Time Jackpot The time jackpot is a progressive jackpot that is guaranteed to pay out before a set date and time. The prize pot grows with the contributions from the stake of each spin on a jackpot game, and the closer the prize pot gets to the advertised guaranteed latest payout time, the greater the odds of winning it. Оdds increase up to 100% when the guaranteed latest payout time is reached. Once the jackpot has been won, a new time jackpot will be made available and the process repeats with a new deadline for the next guaranteed payout. The jackpot can be triggered and won by a single spin from a single user only. This jackpot does not have a ceiling but must be won before the date and time specified. When the jackpot is won by another player, a notification appears in the jackpot panel. Once won, the amount is transferred directly to the user wallet, even if it is won during a bonus spin. Dynamic Jackpot Allocation Only the first $2 of a stake is eligible to win the time jackpot. Stake amounts in excess of $2 are contributed directly to the progressive jackpot. Daily drop (time) Current starting value is: $1,500.00, Next minimum starting value is: $1,500.00 Mega drop (progressive) Current starting value is: $25,000.00, Next minimum starting value is: $25,000.00 General types of games Check the pays menu in the game paytable if you are not sure of the game type. The values related to each symbol, shown either on the slot scene or on the dedicated Symbol Wins pages of the Pays menu, represent stake multipliers and not credits. If you are playing a Lines game, the prize value from one payline is equal to the total stake divided by the number of paylines, multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple win lines, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same payline, the largest win is paid. Each individual payline can pay only once per spin. Example: Total stake is 2. Total paylines are 20. Symbol multiplier for length of 5 is 300. The win for 1 payline with this symbol and length would be calculated as such: 2 / 20 * 300 = 30. If you are playing a Ways, a MegaWays or a Cluster game, the prize value from one way or cluster in a Ways or Winning Clusters game is equal to the stake multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple ways or clusters, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same way or cluster, the largest win is paid. Example: Total stake = 2. Symbol win multiplier = 2. Win = 2x2 = 4. If there is a Scatter Symbol in the game, all wins will be paid in addition to any other symbol wins occurring on the same spin. If you are playing a Scatter Pays game, only the highest winning combination is paid per symbol. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. In case of an incomplete game round due to connection loss where the result has not yet occurred, the game will generate an outcome for the round, which will be shown upon restoring of connection and the result will be visible in the Game History after refreshing the game In case of an incomplete game round due to connection loss where the result has occurred, but the player could not be informed of this fact, the game will inform the player of the outcome upon refreshing of the game and the result will be visible in the Game History. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended Malfunction voids all pays and plays The RTP is ≈ 93.15%, which includes base game RTP and jackpot contribution. Minimum stake: $0.10 Maximum stake: $15 Last modification date: 11/18/2025