Narcos Mexico SPECIAL SYMBOLS AND FEATURES WIN EXCHANGE™ When you win 100x your stake or more, you have the option to exchange 100x your stake for a CARTEL SPINS bonus round while collecting any remaining winnings. When you win between 30x and 100x your stake, you have the option to exchange the entire win amount for the chance to be awarded the CARTEL SPINS bonus round. The chance of winning the gamble is shown in green on a wheel. The bigger the green segments, the higher your chance to win. If you land on a red segment, you lose. CARTEL SPINS 3 CARTEL SPINS scatters on reels 1, 3 and 5 trigger the bonus round with 3 initial cartel spins. CARTEL SPINS starts with the Cartel Leaders (2x2 Super Tiles) locked in the 4 corners of the slot. During the bonus round the slot scene is size 10x10 and only Mystery Territory, The Phone and The Plane symbols appear on the reels. During CARTEL SPINS each Cartel Leader will have a territory that expands when Mystery Territory symbols land adjacent to a Leader or Marked Territory symbols. If the The Phone or The Plane symbols are activated or any Mystery Territory symbols are locked during a spin, the CARTEL SPINS are reset to the initial 3 CARTEL SPINS. Each Marked Territory symbol will increase a global stake multiplier by the amount displayed on the symbol. The maximum possible total multiplier is 10,500x. At the end of the bonus round the total accumulated multiplier will be paid out. When the screen has been filled and no more Mystery Territory symbols can land, the bonus round will end. MYSTERY TERRITORY SYMBOL Only appears during CARTEL SPINS. Mystery Territory symbols that land adjacent to a Cartel Leader become Marked territory symbols of the Leader's colour, stay locked for the duration of the bonus round and expand his territory. Further expansions are made when new Mystery Territory symbols land adjacent to one of the territories. Additionally, all coloured Territory symbols will display an initial multiplier between 1x and 5x that contributes to the total win multiplier that is paid out at the end of the bonus round. CARTEL WAR When a Mystery Territory symbol or several adjacent Mystery Territory symbols land adjacent to two or more rival territories, a CARTEL WAR is triggered. The Leader with the biggest territory will win the clash. The size of a Cartel Leader's territory is determined by the number of locked Marked Territory symbols of the corresponding leader's colour. Since Cartel Leaders are 2x2 symbols they each count as 4 Territory symbols and contribute to their respective territory by that number. The total value of a Leader's territory is displayed on the leader during the Cartel War. The winning Cartel Leader will acquire the territory of the rival Cartel Leaders. If the clashing Leaders have territories of the same size, the winner is determined randomly. CARTEL CONNECTIONS The Phone Symbol If the Phone symbol lands adjacent to a Cartel Leader or marked territory, it will activate and double all multiplier values present in that territory. The Phone will not activate if no multipliers are present on adjacent territories. The Phone feature will activate after the Plane feature. If the Phone lands adjacent to more than one territory, all adjacent territories will benefit from the boost. The Plane Symbol If a Plane symbol lands adjacent to a Cartel Leader or marked territory, it will activate and increase the multiplier values present in that territory with a random amount between 1 and 5. The Plane will not activate if no multipliers are present on adjacent territories. The Plane feature will activate before The Phone feature. If The Plane lands adjacent to more than one territory, all adjacent territories will benefit from the boost. SUPPLY DROP Randomly during the normal game, an Airplane will pass above the slot and drop packages that become WILDS. WILDS only land on reels 2, 3 and 4. WILD symbols substitute for all paying symbols. DOUBLE CASH Randomly after a winning spin during the normal game, the amount won in the current spin will be doubled. This will occur after the Win Ways. BEST STRATEGY In this game there is no best strategy regarding the Win Exchange™ feature. Upon auto-finishing the bonus the game will always choose to "Collect". HOW TO PLAY NARCOS MEXICO GAME PROGRESS Any progress features in the game, including symbols locked onto the reels which affect subsequent spins, are saved for your game at the stake level you are playing at. You can have different progress levels at different stakes on the same game, and move between them by changing the stake. If you are awarded free spins from a promotional campaign any progress in the main game including any locked symbols, will be saved and be available to continue playing at the same stake once the free spins have been completed. Please note that this stateful game saves its state forever. Total Stake The Total Stake is the total of stakes per line. You can adjust it at any time, using the + or – buttons. Spin the Reels If you are playing on desktop, click the Spin button or press the spacebar to spin. Speed up each reel spin by pressing spacebar again, or by clicking on the reels. For TURBO SPIN, hold down the spacebar or the Spin button. Press the TURBO (fast_forward) button to speed up the game! Autoplay Press the AUTO button to commence automatic play of the game at the currently selected stake. Select how many spins to play via the Total Spins Dropdown menu. More Autoplay settings Select the loss limit: The Autoplay will stop at the last spin before the loss limit is reached. The Аutoplay loss limit should be higher than your stake. Expand the AUTOPLAY dialog by choosing MORE AUTOPLAY SETTINGS. Here you can select additional criteria for the AUTOPLAY stop including - Stop if single win exceeds certain amount; Stop on Bonus Feature. Jackpot Game Win one of the offered jackpot tiers when three or more jackpot symbols appear on the reels or the jackpot is triggered by а game feature. Spin the jackpot wheel to determine which of the offered jackpot tiers will be won.The size of the segments on the jackpot wheel do not correlate to the odds of winning each jackpot tier represented.The chances of winning a jackpot increase in correlation with the size of the stake played. Тhe jackpot is triggered randomly and can be won by playing any of the linked jackpot games. To win the jackpot, the player is not required to make any decision other than to spin the reels. The stake value cannot be changed during free spins. Internet connectivity issues may cause delays in jackpot messages or updates, but they do not affect actual jackpot wins. It is not possible for two players to win the same jackpot. In the event two jackpot winnings occur close to one another the jackpot will be assigned in their respective order. Due to connectivity issues the jackpot value displayed may differ from the effective jackpot value. The jackpot could be temporary deactivated, when this occurs all contributions are paused. The jackpot amount available upon reactivation will be the same as before the deactivation. The rules for Jackpot discontinuation and Jackpot fund allocation are defined by each Operator at their own discretion. Progressive Jackpot The progressive jackpot is accumulated by all stakes on games offering these jackpots and, in some cases, the jackpots may be offered on multiple websites. A percentage of each total bet is added to a common pot. Part of this contribution is used to form the progressively increasing jackpot amounts, and the other part, contributes to a seed fund, which is the minimum amount of money guaranteed to be made available to players after a jackpot is won by qualifying players. Once the jackpot has been won, a new progressive jackpot will be made available and the process repeats. The jackpot can be triggered and won by a single spin from a single user only. The jackpot does not have a ceiling value. The odds of winning the jackpot increases with the size of the jackpot and can be won at any time. When the jackpot is won by another player, a notification appears in the jackpot panel. Once won, the amount is transferred directly to the user wallet, even if it is won during a bonus spin. Time Jackpot The time jackpot is a progressive jackpot which is guaranteed to pay out before a set date and time. The prize pot grows with the contributions from the stake of each spin on a jackpot game, and the closer the prize pot gets to the advertised guaranteed latest payout time, the greater the odds of winning it. Оdds increase up to 100% when the guaranteed latest payout time is reached. Once the jackpot has been won, a new time jackpot will be made available and the process repeats with a new deadline for the next guaranteed payout. The jackpot can be triggered and won by a single spin from a single user only. This jackpot does not have a ceiling but must be won before the date and time specified. When the jackpot is won by another player, a notification appears in the jackpot panel. Once won, the amount is transferred directly to the user wallet, even if it is won during a bonus spin. Dynamic Jackpot Allocation Only the first $2 of a stake is eligible to win the time jackpot. Stake amounts in excess of $2 are contributed directly to the progressive jackpot. Daily Drop (time) Current starting value is: $2,000.00, Next minimum starting value is: $2,000.00 Mega Drop (progressive) Current starting value is: $25,000.00, Next minimum starting value is: $25,000.00 Auto finish This game saves its state for 5 calendar days from the date of the last action taken. If the game remains uncompleted after 5 days, the Auto Complete function will complete the game by utilizing the Best Strategy for the game. Any winnings will be automatically added to the user balance. General types of games Check the pays menu in the game paytable if you are not sure of the game type. The values related to each symbol, shown either on the slot scene or on the dedicated Symbol Wins pages of the Pays menu, represent stake multipliers and not credits. The prize value from one payline is equal to the total stake divided by the number of paylines, multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple win lines, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same payline, the largest win is paid. Each individual payline can pay only once per spin. Example: Total stake is 2. Total paylines are 20. Symbol multiplier for length of 5 is 300. The win for 1 payline with this symbol and length would be calculated as such: 2 / 20 * 300 = 30. The prize value from one payline in a Multiline game is equal to the stake multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple win lines, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same payline, the largest win is paid. Example: Stake is 2. Symbol multiplier for length of 5 is 20. The win for 1 payline with this symbol and length would be calculated as such: 2 * 20 = 40. The prize value from one way or cluster in a Ways or Winning Clusters game is equal to the stake multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple ways or clusters, the total win values are summed. Example: Total stake = 2. Symbol win multiplier = 2. Win = 2x2 = 4. If there is a Scatter Symbol in the game, all wins will be paid in addition to any other symbol wins occurring on the same spin. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The RTP is ≈ 93.13% which includes base game RTP and jackpot contribution. The calculated max multiplier of the game is 10486. Minimum stake: $0.10 Maximum stake: $30 Last modification date: 4/26/2023