Gonzo's Quest Megaways SPECIAL SYMBOLS AND FEATURES MegaWays™ Each spin awards a different ways to win combination depending on the total number of symbols which lands on the reels. Landing a maximum 7 symbols on each of the 6 reels offers a potential 117,649 MegaWays™ to win! Avalanche™ Feature The symbols fall into positions on the reels, instead of spinning. Symbols in winning combinations explode and disappear, leaving space for a second Avalanche™ of symbols for a chance of bigger wins. The Avalanches™ continue until there are no more wins Avalanche™ Multiplier Winning ways trigger the Avalanche™ Multiplier which increases the reward from each winning way occurring during the spin until it reaches the maximum multiplier. In the basic game the first win way increases it to X2, the second to X3 and the third to X5 which remains for the duration of the spin and applies to all subsequent wins. The Avalanche™ Multiplier resets after the end of the spin. Earthquake The slot may randomly start to shake and all low-paying symbols will be destroyed allowing only high-paying symbols to take their place in the following respins. High-paying symbols are the five symbols on the upper row and low-paying are the four symbols on the lower row of the Symbol Wins paytable. Unbreakable Wilds Wilds do not break when they participate in a win. Their number will be limited to two on the reels at the same time. The first one can land on the first three reels and the second one on the second three reels. Wilds substitute for both paying symbols and Free Fall symbols. Free Fall Triggered by at least three Free Fall symbols or two Free Fall symbols and a Wild symbol, landing on adjacent reels starting from the leftmost reel. Each symbol contributes with +3 free spins for a possible total of 9, 12, 15 or 18. Up to four Free Fall symbols can land on the reels. The maximum amount of Free Spins possible is awarded when the bonus round is triggered with four Free Fall Symbols connected with two Wild symbols. In Free Fall the Avalanche™ Multiplier's progression is as follows: X3, X6, X9, X15. After the end of the bonus round, the player returns to the previous scene, where the symbols that triggered Free Fall are destroyed for a chance of even more wins. The win multiplier from the last respin before the bonus round also remains until there are no more wins. Additional Free Spins may be won during Free Fall. Additional Free Spins are triggered the same way Free Fall is triggered in Normal Game. HOW TO PLAY GONZO'S QUEST™ MEGAWAYS™ Total Stake The Total Stake is the total of stakes per line. You can adjust it at any time, using the + or – buttons. Spin the Reels Click the Spin button to spin the reels. Speed up each reel spin by pressing spacebar again, or by clicking on the reels. For TURBO SPIN, hold down the spacebar or the Spin button. Press the TURBO ( fast_forward ) button to speed up the game! Autoplay Press the AUTO button to commence automatic play of the game at the currently selected stake. Select how many spins to play via the Total Spins Dropdown menu. More Autoplay settings Select the loss limit: The Autoplay will stop at the last spin before the loss limit is reached. The Аutoplay loss limit should be higher than your total stake. Expand the AUTOPLAY dialog by choosing MORE AUTOPLAY SETTINGS. Here you can select additional criteria for the AUTOPLAY stop including - Stop if single win exceeds certain amount; Stop on Bonus Feature. General types of games Check the pays menu in the game paytable if you are not sure of the game type. The values related to each symbol, shown either on the slot scene or on the dedicated Symbol Wins pages of the Pays menu, represent stake multipliers and not credits. The prize value from one payline is equal to the total stake divided by the number of paylines, multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple win lines, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same payline, the largest win is paid. Each individual payline can pay only once per spin. Example: Total stake is 2. Total paylines are 20. Symbol multiplier for length of 5 is 300. The win for 1 payline with this symbol and length would be calculated as such: 2 / 20 * 300 = 30. The prize value from one payline in a Multiline game is equal to the stake multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple win lines, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same payline, the largest win is paid. Example: Stake is 2. Symbol multiplier for length of 5 is 20. The win for 1 payline with this symbol and length would be calculated as such: 2 * 20 = 40. The prize value from one way or cluster in a Ways or Winning Clusters game is equal to the stake multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple ways or clusters, the total win values are summed. Example: Total stake = 2. Symbol win multiplier = 2. Win = 2x2 = 4. During the Free Spins bonus rounds, the game uses a different set of reel strips. If there is a Scatter Symbol in the game, all wins will be paid in addition to any other symbol wins occurring on the same spin. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. RTP ≈ 92.71% The calculated max multiplier of the game is 20972.4. Minimum stake: $0.10 Maximum stake: $20 Last modification date: 10/12/2021