Outlaw Outlaw Help Introducing the game Outlaw is a 6 reel Megaways™ game with up to 117,649 ways to win, featuring Big Time Gaming's unique Megascatter Enhanced Free Spins. How to play Select your stake by clicking the left and right arrow buttons on the stake. The stake value is displayed in the stake display. All payouts are multiplied by the stake of each individual spin. Auto play To set up Auto play press the Auto button. This will display Auto play panel which the player can use to modify the number of spins, set a loss limit or set a win limit. When a loss limit has been set the player can select Start to commence auto play. When Auto play is on, the Play button will change to a Stop button. The remaining Auto plays will be displayed in the Stop button. The player can cancel Auto play by clicking the Stop button. Auto play will stop automatically if any of the limits set is reached or anything occurs that requires player intervention. Auto play may not be available in your jurisdiction. Start the spin Press the Play button to start the spin at the stake displayed. The reels will spin and then come to stop, displaying the result. Bonus Buy Press the Bonus Buy button to access the Bonus Buy menu. You may buy a Free Spins bonus for 70 times the Free Spins Stake, or an Enhanced Free Spins bonus for 300 times the Free Spins Stake. The feature choice selection screen will appear after buying a bonus. The Free Spins Stake can be changed by pressing the plus and minus buttons on the Free Spins Stake display. The Free Spins Stake will apply to each Free Spin. Press the price to buy the bonus for that price. The price will be deducted from your balance. Bonus Buy may be limited or unavailable in your jurisdiction. Win Exchange™ Whenever you win 100 times stake or more, you have the option to exchange 100 times your stake for 7/8 Free Spins. Press COLLECT to keep your win without performing an exchange. Press EXCHANGE to exchange 100 times your stake for 7/8 Free Spins. Whenever you win between 25 and 100 times stake, you have the option to exchange the entire win for the chance to be awarded 7/8 Free Spins. The chance of winning the gamble is shown in green on a wheel. Press COLLECT to keep your win without performing a gamble. Press GAMBLE to exchange your win and spin the wheel for a chance to be awarded 7/8 Free Spins. If the gamble is successful then 7/8 Free Spins are awarded. An unsuccessful gamble results in no Free Spins being awarded. Whenever Free Spins are awarded, either Enhanced Free Spins or regular Free Spins will be awarded, at random. The chance of winning Enhanced Free Spins is shown in purple on a second wheel. Win Exchange is not offered if the Free Spins have been triggered. Symbol Wins Wins are awarded on left to right adjacent symbols regardless of size starting with the leftmost reel, except Scatters. Payouts are multiplied by stake. Highest win paid per winning combination. All winning combinations are added together. See PAYS for further information. Full Reel Wilds The Wild Sheriff and Wild Outlaw are Full Reel Wilds that occur on reels 2 to 5 only. Wins are multiplied by 7 for every Wild Sheriff that substitutes in the win. Wilds substitute for all symbols except Scatters. Scatters There are two Scatters: The regular Silver Scatter and the Gold Megascatter. In the base game, regular Scatters can appear on reels 1 to 5 and the Megascatter appears on Reel 6 only. 3 or more Scatters in any position award Free Spins. If one of the triggering Scatters is a Megascatter, Enhanced Free Spins are awarded. Choose either Fallen Angel Free Spins or Dizzy in the Head Free Spins. The stake that was used to trigger the Free Spins will be used for the Free Spins duration. At the end of the Free Spins, the total winnings for the spin will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited into the players account and regular play then resumes. Choice 1 - Fallen Angel Free Spins 7 Free Spins are awarded. Either the Ace, King, Queen, Jack, Ten or Nine is revealed as the Sticky Wild for reels 2 to 5. Once a Sticky Wild occurs in a reel, the number of symbols appearing in that reel is locked for the remainder of the Free Spins. A full reel of Sticky Wilds awards 3 extra Free Spins. Up to 12 extra Free Spins can be awarded. Scatters do not appear in Fallen Angel Free Spins. Choice 2 - Dizzy in the Head Free Spins 8 Free Spins are awarded. The Ladder Wild appears in every Free Spin and will highlight a multiplier up to x77. All wins with the Ladder Wild are multiplied by the highlighted multiplier. 3, 4 or 5 Scatters in any position awards an additional 4, 6 or 8 Free Spins respectively. The Regular Silver Scatter can appear in any reel in Dizzy in the Head Free Spins, and the Megascatter does not appear. Megascatter Enhanced Free Spins When the Free Spins are triggered with the Gold Megascatter, Enhanced Free Spins are awarded. In the Enhanced Fallen Angel Free Spins, either the Purple Skull, Red Flower, Blue Bottle or Green Cactus is revealed as a second Sticky Wild for reels 2 to 5. In the Enhanced Dizzy in the Head Free Spins, every time the Wild Ladder substitutes in a win, the multipliers in the ladder will be increased for the remainder of the Free Spins. Wild Ladder multipliers can reach up to x777. Return to Player (RTP) The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Values are calculated initially by dividing the total payouts by the total bets from a simulation of numerous game rounds. Values reflect the maximum expected RTP and do not change. General Information In the event of a non-responsive game or problem during a spin, the game will repeat the incomplete spin and display the result to the player when the game is next launched. Incomplete games will be automatically resolved after 30 minutes. Any winnings resulting from automatic resolve shall be paid to player's account. System malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 10/4/2023