Detroit Lions Roulette Game Rules The objective in First Person Roulette is to predict the number on which the ball will land by placing one or more bets that cover that particular number. The wheel includes the numbers 1-36 plus a single 0 (zero). After you have placed your bets, click/tap the SPIN button to start the spin of the ball within the Roulette wheel. The ball will eventually come to rest in one of the numbered pockets within the wheel. You win if you have placed a bet that covers that particular number. Bet Types You can place many different kinds of bets on the Roulette table. Bets can cover a single number or a certain range of numbers, and each type of bet has its own payout rate. Bets made on the numbered spaces on the betting area, or on the lines between them, are called Inside Bets, while bets made on the special boxes below and to the side of the main grid of numbers are called Outside Bets. INSIDE BETS: Straight Up - place your chip directly on any single number (including zero). Split Bet - place your chip on the line between any two numbers, either on the vertical or horizontal. Street Bet - place your chip at the end of any row of numbers. A Street Bet covers three numbers. Corner Bet - place your chip at the corner (central intersection) where four numbers meet. All four numbers are covered. Line Bet - place your chip at the end of two rows on the intersection between the two rows. A line bet covers all the numbers in both rows, a total of six numbers. OUTSIDE BETS: Column Bet - place your chip in one of the boxes marked "2 to 1" at the end of the column that covers all 12 numbers in that column. The zero is not covered by any column bet. Dozen Bet - place your chip in one of the three boxes marked "1st 12," "2nd 12" or "3rd 12" to cover the 12 numbers alongside the box. Red/Black - place your chip in the Red or Black box to cover the 18 red or 18 black numbers. The zero is not covered by these bets. Even/Odd - place your chip in one of these boxes to cover the 18 even or 18 odd numbers. The zero is not covered by these bets. 1-18/19-36 - place your chip in either of these boxes to cover the first or second set of 18 numbers. The zero is not covered by these bets. Neighbour and Special Bets Each bet covers a different set of numbers and offers different payout odds. Bet spots will be highlighted. Tiers du Cylindre This bet covers a total of 12 numbers that include 27, 33 and the numbers that lie between them on the side of the Roulette wheel opposite to zero. 6 chips are placed as follows: 1 chip on the 5/8 split 1 chip on the 10/11 split 1 chip on the 13/16 split 1 chip on the 23/24 split 1 chip on the 27/30 split 1 chip on the 33/36 split Orphelins a Cheval This bet covers a total of 8 numbers on the two segments of the Roulette wheel not covered by the voisins du zero and tiers du cylindre bets above. 5 chips are placed as follows: 1 chip on 1 (Straight up) 1 chip on the 6/9 split 1 chip on the 14/17 split 1 chip on the 17/20 split 1 chip on the 31/34 split Voisins du Zero This bet covers a total of 17 numbers that include 22, 25 and the numbers that lie between them on the side of the Roulette wheel that contains zero. 9 chips are placed as follows: 2 chips on the 0/2/3 street 1 chip on the 4/7 split 1 chip on the 12/15 split 1 chip on the 18/21 split 1 chip on the 19/22 split 2 chips on the 25/26/28/29 corner 1 chip on the 32/35 split Jeu Zero This bet covers zero and the 6 numbers in close proximity to zero on the Roulette wheel: 12, 35, 3, 26, 0, 32 and 15. 4 chips are placed as follows: 1 chip on the 0/3 split 1 chip on the 12/15 split 1 chip on 26 (Straight up) 1 chip on the 32/35 split A neighbour bet covers a particular number as well as other numbers that lie in close proximity to it on the Roulette wheel. To place a neighbour bet, click/tap a specific number on the racetrack. A chip will be placed on the chosen number and on numbers that neighbour it to the right and left. Click/tap on the circular "-"or "+" button to increase or decrease the set of neighbours to the right and left of the chosen number. Winning Numbers The WINNING NUMBERS display shows the most recent winning numbers. Payouts Your payout depends on the type of placed bet. INSIDE BETS BET TYPE PAYOUT Straight Up 35:1 Split 17:1 Street 11:1 Corner 8:1 Line 5:1 OUTSIDE BETS BET TYPE PAYOUT Column 2:1 Dozen 2:1 Red/Black 1:1 Even/Odd 1:1 1-18/19-36 1:1 Malfunction voids all pays and play. Return to Player The optimal theoretical return-to-player percentage is 97.30%. Place Bets The BET LIMITS panel shows the minimum and maximum allowed bet limits at the table, which may change from time to time. Open the Bet Limits to check your current limits. First Person Roulette € 1 - 3000 To participate in the game, you must have sufficient funds to cover your bets. You can see your current BALANCE on your screen. The CHIP DISPLAY updates dynamically to reflect your actual balance. It allows you to select the value of each chip you wish to bet. Only chips of denominations that can be covered by your current balance will be enabled. If your balance is too high to be reflected in the CHIP DISPLAY, CHIP PLAQUE will appear. Once you have selected a chip, place your bet by simply clicking/tapping the appropriate betting spot on the game table. Each time you click/tap the betting spot, the amount of your bet increases by the value of the selected chip or up to the maximum limit for the type of bet you have selected. Once you have bet the maximum limit, no additional funds will be accepted for that bet, and a message will appear above your bet to notify you that you have bet the maximum. After you have placed a valid bet, click/tap the SPIN button to start the spinning of the ball within the Roulette wheel. The REBET button allows you to repeat all your bets from the previous game round. This button becomes available after every game round. The REBET button will change to SPIN if you choose to place new bets or after you have clicked/tapped the REBET button. The DOUBLE (2x) button becomes available after you have placed any bet. Each click/tap of the button doubles all your bets up to the maximum limit. Note that you must have a sufficient account balance to double ALL your placed bets. The UNDO button removes the last bet you placed. You can click/tap the UNDO button repeatedly to remove bets, one by one, in the reverse order of which they were placed. You can clear all your bets from the table by holding the UNDO button for approximately 3 seconds. Note that bets can only be removed before the SPIN button has been clicked/tapped. As soon as the result of each spin is shown, two buttons appear on-screen: If you click/tap these buttons immediately you can bet and spin again without having to wait for the game to switch back to betting view. REBET & SPIN repeats the bet you made in the previous round and immediately spins the wheel. 2x DOUBLE & SPIN doubles the bet you made in the previous round and immediately spins the wheel. The TOTAL BET indicator displays the total amount of all bets placed in the current round. Sound The SOUND button will mute/un-mute all game sounds. Note that if you change tables, the sound will automatically un-mute. Game History The HISTORY button will launch a window showing all game rounds you have played and the results of those rounds. You can review your past gaming activity by viewing your: ACCOUNT HISTORY – Shows your complete account history as a list of dates, games, bet amounts and payouts. The game round completed most recently appears at the top of the list. GAME HISTORY – Shows your history related to a particular game once you click/tap the game in the GAME column. Deposit and Withdraw The CASHIER button will open the cashier/banking window for deposits and withdrawals. Responsible Gaming The RESPONSIBLE GAMING button allows you to access the page outlining the Responsible Gaming policy. This page provides useful information and links regarding responsible online gaming behavior and informs you of how to set limitations to your game sessions. Disconnection Policy Should disconnection occur after a bet is placed but before the Spin button is clicked/tapped, your bet will be returned. If disconnection occurs after a bet is placed and the Spin button is clicked/tapped, the game’s result will be decided by the game’s random number generator. After reconnecting you will be able to see the game outcome in the History window. More Games The Go LIVE button can be selected at any time from any any of our First Person Roulette games. Clicking/tapping the Go LIVE button will take you to our Live Lobby where you will be able to choose from a selection of exciting live casino games, including Live Roulette. Select any game to immerse yourself in a unique live casino experience. Shortcut Keys Shortcut keys can be used to quickly perform useful game functions. KEY FUNCTION Number Keys from 1 onwards Select the desired chip from the chip display. Key “1” corresponds to the leftmost chip with the lowest value. Key “2” selects the next highest value chip, and so on. SPACEBAR Repeat your most recent bet. Click SPACEBAR a second time to start the game. CTRL+Z (CMD+Z), DELETE, BACKSPACE Undo your last bet. Hold for 3 seconds to remove all your bets. ESC When applicable, the ESC key can be used to: Exit full-screen mode Close an open pop-up window (History, Help, Settings, etc.) Last modification date: 8/23/2023