Dracula Awaken SPECIAL SYMBOLS AND FEATURES VAMPIRE TIME The game has two phases, each with its own properties and duration: DAY and NIGHT. DRACULA DRACULA WILDS only land one at a time and only on the middle reel. Wilds substitute for all paying symbols and count as the symbol which forms the longest winning combination on a single pay line. During the NIGHT phase, it may turn into a SUPER DRACULA which is a 1x4 sized MEGA WILD that also only lands on the middle reel. DAY The DAY phase lasts for 16 spins. DRACULA WILDS and ECLIPSE Symbols may land during the DAY phase. NIGHT The NIGHT phase has a duration of 8 spins. DRACULA WILDS may land during the NIGHT phase. During the NIGHT, DRACULA WILDS transform into a SUPER DRACULA MEGA WILD. SUPER DRACULA turns all LADY symbols that land on the reels into WILDS. If SUPER DRACULA would not participate in any wins, the DRACULA WILD will not transform. If SUPER DRACULA would not participate in any wins, the DRACULA WILD will not transform. ECLIPSE SPINS Three ECLIPSE symbols landing on the first, third, and fifth reels award seven FREE SPINS. ECLIPSE symbols can only land during the DAY phase. When triggered, SUPER DRACULA appears on the middle reel and LOCKS for the duration of the bonus round. SUPER DRACULA turns each LADY symbol into a WILD and every WILD stays locked until the end of ECLIPSE SPINS. During ECLIPSE SPINS, ECLIPSE symbols may land on the first and/or fifth reels, with each ECLIPSE symbol awarding an additional spin. HOW TO PLAY DRACULA AWAKENING GAME PROGRESS Any progress features in the game, including symbols locked onto the reels which affect subsequent spins, are saved for your game at the stake level you are playing at. You can have different progress levels at different stakes on the same game, and move between them by changing the stake. If you are awarded free spins from a promotional campaign any progress in the main game including any locked symbols, will be saved and be available to continue playing at the same stake once the free spins have been completed. Please note that this stateful game saves its state forever. Total Stake The Total Stake is the total of stakes per line. You can adjust it at any time, using the + or – buttons. Spin the Reels If you are playing on desktop, click the Spin button or press the spacebar to spin. Speed up each reel spin by pressing spacebar again, or by clicking on the reels. For TURBO SPIN, hold down the spacebar or the Spin button. Press the TURBO (fast_forward) button to speed up the game! Autoplay Press the AUTO button to commence automatic play of the game at the currently selected stake. Select how many spins to play via the Total Spins Dropdown menu. More Autoplay settings Select the loss limit: The Autoplay will stop at the last spin before the loss limit is reached. The Аutoplay loss limit should be higher than your stake. Expand the AUTOPLAY dialog by choosing MORE AUTOPLAY SETTINGS. Here you can select additional criteria for the AUTOPLAY stop including - Stop if single win exceeds certain amount; Stop on Bonus Feature. General types of games Check the pays menu in the game paytable if you are not sure of the game type. The values related to each symbol, shown either on the slot scene or on the dedicated Symbol Wins pages of the Pays menu, represent stake multipliers and not credits. The prize value from one payline is equal to the total stake divided by the number of paylines, multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple win lines, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same payline, the largest win is paid. Each individual payline can pay only once per spin. Example: Total stake is 2. Total paylines are 20. Symbol multiplier for length of 5 is 300. The win for 1 payline with this symbol and length would be calculated as such: 2 / 20 * 300 = 30. The prize value from one payline in a Multiline game is equal to the stake multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple win lines, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same payline, the largest win is paid. Example: Stake is 2. Symbol multiplier for length of 5 is 20. The win for 1 payline with this symbol and length would be calculated as such: 2 * 20 = 40. The prize value from one way or cluster in a Ways or Winning Clusters game is equal to the stake multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multipleways or clusters, the total win values are summed. Example: Total stake = 2. Symbol win multiplier = 2. Win = 2x2 = 4. If there is a Scatter Symbol in the game, all wins will be paid in addition to any other symbol wins occurring on the same spin. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. RTP ≈ 92.72% The calculated max multiplier of the game is 5317.9. Minimum stake: $0.10 Maximum stake: $50 Last modification date: 10/25/2022