Digging for Wilds SPECIAL SYMBOLS AND FEATURES HORIZONTAL REEL There is a mine train above the middle 4 reels, with 4 carts. The carts bring items that give additional features to the Dynamite WILD symbol that may land on that reel. The carts may bring 1 of the following: - Empty - Dynamite Wild Multiplier - Coin - Detonator - Special Prizes The features are executed as follows: Detonator and Dynamite WILD MULTIPLIER are executed from left to right before the way wins are paid. Coin and Special Prizes are executed from left to right after the way wins are paid. DYNAMITE WILD Lands on reel 2, 3, 4 and 5. Substitutes for all paying symbols. If a non-empty cart stops above the Dynamite WILD, the content of the mine cart determines additional feature depending on the level. DETONATOR If a cart that contains a detonator stops above the Dynamite WILD symbol, the Dynamite WILD explodes before the way wins are marked and creates Gem WILDS depending on the level: Silver level – explodes vertically into 3 Gem WILDS. On a middle position on the reel, it turns the neighbours above and below it into Gem WILDS. If it is in the top or bottom position it turns the 2 positions below it (or, respectively, above it) into Gem WILDS. Gold level – explodes horizontally into 3 Gem WILDS. The explosion creates Gem WILDS on the positions to the left and right of it, if they are not Dynamite WILD or FREE SPINS symbols. Diamond level – explodes to the symbols on the 4 positions, diagonally neighbouring the Dynamite WILD symbol, that are not out of the grid, and that are not Dynamite WILD or FREE SPINS symbols, turning them to Gem WILDS. GEM WILD The Gem WILD is only created by the explosion of a Dynamite WILD caused by a detonator. It substitutes for all paying symbols. Both Dynamite and Gem WILD count, while a substitute, as the symbol that forms the longest winning combination on a single win way. COIN If a cart above a Dynamite WILD symbol contains a coin, after the way wins are paid, the Dynamite WILD symbol explodes in a different way than when a detonator is above it, and gives a random number of CASH symbols, holding a stake MULTIPLIER prize. All CASH symbols that appear are awarded. The CASH symbol values may be 0.5x, 1x, 1.5x, 2x, 2,5x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 7x, 8x, 10x. SPECIAL PRIZES Special prize items are activated if a cart above a Dynamite WILD symbol contains a prize item. The prize items are: Piece of silver (MINI), Piece of Gold (MINOR), Green Stone (MAJOR), Ruby (GRAND), Diamond (MEGA). After paying the way wins, the Dynamite WILD turns to the corresponding prize item and the appropriate prize level is awarded. The prize values are the following: MEGA prize – 20000x GRAND prize – 1000x MAJOR prize – 100x MINOR prize – 20x MINI prize – 5x DYNAMITE WILD MULTIPLIER If a cart that contains a MULTIPLIER lands above a Dynamite WILD symbol, that Dynamite WILD receives the MULTIPLIER. The MULTIPLIER is applied to the payment of the way wins that contain the Dynamite WILD symbol. The MULTIPLIER values depend on the level. The possible values are: Silver level – x2, x3, x4, x5, x8 Gold level – x3, x4, x5, x8, x10, x15, x20 Diamond level – x4, x5, x8, x10, x15, x20, x25, x30, x50 PROGRESSION The game has 3 levels – Silver, Gold and Diamond. Silver level – Low volatility. In Silver level Dynamite WILDS reveal Gem WILDS vertically when blown by a detonator cart and may receive a MULTIPLIER up to x8 by a MULTIPLIER cart. Gold level – Medium volatility. In Gold level Dynamite WILDS reveal Gem WILDS horizontally when blown by a detonator cart and may receive a MULTIPLIER up to x20 by a MULTIPLIER cart. Diamond level – High volatility. In Diamond level Dynamite WILDS reveal Gem WILDS in X shape when blown by a detonator cart and may receive a MULTIPLIER up to x50 by a MULTIPLIER cart. The Silver level is the only unlocked level at the start of the game. After a FREE SPINS feature in Silver level, Gold level is unlocked. After FREE SPINS in Gold Level, Diamond level is unlocked. Buttons with the icons of the levels are always shown under the reels. Locked levels are inactive. Players may choose to play on any of the unlocked levels by pressing the corresponding level button in idle mode. This will changes the level instantly. FREE SPINS 2 FREE SPINS scatter symbols on the 1st and the last reel trigger 10 FREE SPINS. 2 FREE SPINS symbols during the FREE SPINS awards 10 additional FREE SPINS. There is always at least 1 Dynamite WILD in each FREE SPIN, and all the carts contain a feature. Therefore, at least 1 feature is guaranteed in every FREE SPIN. HOW TO PLAY DIGGING FOR WILDS Game Progress Any progress features in the game, including symbols locked onto the reels which affect subsequent spins, are saved for your game at the stake level you are playing at. You can have different progress levels at different stakes on the same game, and move between them by changing the stake. If you are awarded free spins from a promotional campaign any progress in the main game including any locked symbols, will be saved and be available to continue playing at the same stake once the free spins have been completed. Please note that this stateful game saves its state forever. FEATURE BUY The feature starts automatically after your confirmation. If you refresh the game during the feature you will receive the end result. The Buy Feature is activated immediately after clicking the "buy" button. The cost of each feature is displayed in the Feature Buy pop-up and is based on the currently selected stake. Buying a feature does NOT contribute towards any Jackpots. The theoretical return to the player for FREE SPINS SILVER is 96.18%. The theoretical return to the player for FREE SPINS GOLD is 96.17%. The theoretical return to the player for FREE SPINS DIAMOND is 96.11%. Total Stake The Total Stake is the total of stakes per line. You can adjust it at any time, using the + or – buttons. Spin the Reels If you are playing on desktop, click the Spin button or press the spacebar to spin. Speed up each reel spin by pressing spacebar again, or by clicking on the reels. For TURBO SPIN, hold down the spacebar or the Spin button. Press the TURBO button to speed up the game! Autoplay Press the AUTO button to commence automatic play of the game at the currently selected stake. Select how many spins to play via the Total Spins Dropdown menu. More Autoplay settings Select the loss limit: The Autoplay will stop at the last spin before the loss limit is reached. The Аutoplay loss limit should be higher than your stake. Expand the AUTOPLAY dialog by choosing MORE AUTOPLAY SETTINGS. Here you can select additional criteria for the AUTOPLAY stop including - Stop if single win exceeds certain amount; Stop on Bonus Feature. Jackpot Game Win one of the offered jackpot tiers when three or more jackpot symbols appear on the reels or the jackpot is triggered by а game feature. Spin the jackpot wheel to determine which of the offered jackpot tiers will be won. The size of the segments on the jackpot wheel do not correlate to the odds of winning each jackpot tier represented. The chances of winning a jackpot increase in correlation with the size of the stake played. Jackpot prizes are not affected by any game features e.g. multipliers are never applied to jackpots. Тhe jackpot is triggered randomly and can be won by playing any of the linked jackpot games. To win the jackpot, the player is not required to make any decision other than to spin the reels. The stake value cannot be changed during free spins. Internet connectivity issues may cause delays in jackpot messages or updates, but they do not affect actual jackpot wins. It is not possible for two players to win the same jackpot. In the event two jackpot winnings occur close to one another the jackpot will be assigned in their respective order. Due to connectivity issues the jackpot value displayed may differ from the effective jackpot value. The jackpot could be temporary deactivated, when this occurs all contributions are paused. The jackpot amount available upon reactivation will be the same as before the deactivation. The rules for Jackpot discontinuation and Jackpot fund allocation are defined by each Operator at their own discretion. Progressive Jackpot The progressive jackpot is accumulated by all stakes on games offering these jackpots and, in some cases, the jackpots may be offered on multiple websites. A percentage of each total bet is added to a common pot. Part of this contribution is used to form the progressively increasing jackpot amounts, and the other part, contributes to a seed fund, which is the minimum amount of money guaranteed to be made available to players after a jackpot is won by qualifying players. Once the jackpot has been won, a new progressive jackpot will be made available and the process repeats. The jackpot can be triggered and won by a single spin from a single user only. The jackpot does not have a ceiling value. The odds of winning the jackpot increases with the size of the jackpot and can be won at any time. When the jackpot is won by another player, a notification appears in the jackpot panel. Once won, the amount is transferred directly to the user wallet, even if it is won during a bonus spin. Time Jackpot The time jackpot is a progressive jackpot which is guaranteed to pay out before a set date and time. The prize pot grows with the contributions from the stake of each spin on a jackpot game, and the closer the prize pot gets to the advertised guaranteed latest payout time, the greater the odds of winning it. Оdds increase up to 100% when the guaranteed latest payout time is reached. Once the jackpot has been won, a new time jackpot will be made available and the process repeats with a new deadline for the next guaranteed payout. The jackpot can be triggered and won by a single spin from a single user only. This jackpot does not have a ceiling but must be won before the date and time specified. When the jackpot is won by another player, a notification appears in the jackpot panel. Once won, the amount is transferred directly to the user wallet, even if it is won during a bonus spin. Dynamic Jackpot Allocation Only the first $2 of a stake is eligible to win the time jackpot. Stake amounts in excess of $2 are contributed directly to the progressive jackpot. Daily drop (time) Current starting value is: $1,500.00, Next minimum starting value is: $1,500.00 Mega drop (progressive) Current starting value is: $25,000.00, Next minimum starting value is: $25,000.00 General types of games Check the pays menu in the game paytable if you are not sure of the game type. The values related to each symbol, shown either on the slot scene or on the dedicated Symbol Wins pages of the Pays menu, represent stake multipliers and not credits. If you are playing a Lines game, the prize value from one payline is equal to the total stake divided by the number of paylines, multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple win lines, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same payline, the largest win is paid. Each individual payline can pay only once per spin. Example: Total stake is 2. Total paylines are 20. Symbol multiplier for length of 5 is 300. The win for 1 payline with this symbol and length would be calculated as such: 2 / 20 * 300 = 30. If you are playing a Ways, a MegaWays or a Cluster game, the prize value from one way or cluster in a Ways or Winning Clusters game is equal to the stake multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple ways or clusters, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same way or cluster, the largest win is paid. Example: Total stake = 2. Symbol win multiplier = 2. Win = 2x2 = 4. If there is a Scatter Symbol in the game, all wins will be paid in addition to any other symbol wins occurring on the same spin. If you are playing a Scatter Pays game only the highest winning combination is paid per symbol. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. In case of an incomplete game round due to connection loss where the result has not yet occurred, the game will generate an outcome for the round, which will be shown upon restoring of connection and the result will be visible in the Game History after refreshing the game. In case of an incomplete game round due to connection loss where the result has occurred, but the player could not be informed of this fact, the game will inform the player of the outcome upon refreshing of the game and the result will be visible in the Game History. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The RTP is ≈ 93.14% which includes base game RTP and jackpot contribution. Silver level RTP ≈ 93.14% Gold level RTP ≈ 93.05% Diamond level RTP ≈ 93.17% Minimum stake: $0.10 Maximum stake: $15 Last modification date: 3/17/2026