Dynamite Riches SPECIAL SYMBOLS AND FEATURES DYNAMITE WILDS AND GAME PROGRESS The game features are locked at the start of the game. To unlock them you have to land Dynamite Wild symbols which light the fuse. Dynamite Wilds may land on any reel. Each Dynamite Wild counts for 1 step of game progress. The game progresses in four stages - one for each of the locked features. At the end of each stage a feature is unlocked and a new round starts. When a feature is unlocked it is triggered in the next spin and triggers randomly in future spins. More than one feature may trigger in the same spin if there is more than one feature unlocked. Progress breakdown: - First Stage - 6 Dynamite Wilds required. Unlocks Remove Low-Paying Symbols feature. - Second Stage - 7 Dynamite Wilds required - 13 in total. Unlocks Random Wilds feature. - Third Stage - 8 Dynamite Wilds required - 21 in total. Unlocks Multiplier feature. - Fourth Stage - 9 Dynamite Wilds required - 30 in total. Unlocks Mega Wilds feature. When a Dynamite Wild lands, it lights the progress fuse and gets removed from the reels, resulting in a lower chance of landing Dynamite Wilds with each step. Once the fourth and final feature is unlocked, Dynamite Wilds will no longer land on the reels. REMOVE LOW-PAYING SYMBOLS When this feature triggers, all low-paying symbols are removed from the reels and only high-paying symbols land for this spin. RANDOM WILDS When this feature triggers, a random number of Wilds will land on the reels. MULTIPLIER When this feature triggers, it adds a Win Multiplier which is applied to the next win that occurs. If a Multiplier is active before you enter Gold Spins, the Multiplier will be applied to the first win that occurs. If a Multiplier is active at the end of the Free Spins, it will be applied to the next win that occurs in the base game. MEGA WILDS When this feature triggers, it adds one or more Wild Super symbols of 2x2 to 3x3 size on the reels. GOLD SPINS Gold Spins symbols may land on any reel. 3 Gold Spins symbols anywhere on the reels trigger 8 bonus spins. Each additional Gold Spins symbol over the minimum required awards 2 more bonus spins. Gold Spins symbols may also land during Free Spins. 3 Gold Spins symbols anywhere on the reels during Free Spins trigger 4 additional bonus spins. Each additional Gold Spins symbol over the 3 minimum required awards 1 more bonus spin. HOW TO PLAY DYNAMITE RICHES GAME PROGRESS Any progress features in the game, including symbols locked onto the reels which affect subsequent spins, are saved for your game at the stake level you are playing at. You can have different progress levels at different stakes on the same game, and move between them by changing the stake. If you are awarded free spins from a promotional campaign any progress in the main game including any locked symbols, will be saved and be available to continue playing at the same stake once the free spins have been completed. Please note that this stateful game saves its state forever. Total Stake The Total Stake is the total of stakes per line. You can adjust it at any time, using the + or – buttons. Spin the Reels If you are playing on desktop, click the Spin button or press the spacebar to spin. Speed up each reel spin by pressing spacebar again, or by clicking on the reels. For TURBO SPIN, hold down the spacebar or the Spin button. Autoplay Press the AUTO button to commence automatic play of the game at the currently selected stake. Select how many spins to play via the Total Spins Dropdown menu. More Autoplay settings Select the loss limit: The Autoplay will stop at the last spin before the loss limit is reached. The Аutoplay loss limit should be higher than your total stake. Expand the AUTOPLAY dialog by choosing MORE AUTOPLAY SETTINGS. Here you can select additional criteria for the AUTOPLAY stop including - Stop if single win exceeds certain amount; Stop on Bonus Feature. General types of games Check the pays menu in the game paytable if you are not sure of the game type. The values related to each symbol, shown either on the slot scene or on the dedicated Symbol Wins pages of the Pays menu, represent stake multipliers and not credits. The prize value from one payline is equal to the total stake divided by the number of paylines, multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple win lines, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same payline, the largest win is paid. Each individual payline can pay only once per spin. Example: Total stake is 2. Total paylines are 20. Symbol multiplier for length of 5 is 300. The win for 1 payline with this symbol and length would be calculated as such: 2 / 20 * 300 = 30. The prize value from one payline in a Multiline game is equal to the stake multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple win lines, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same payline, the largest win is paid. Example: Stake is 2. Symbol multiplier for length of 5 is 20. The win for 1 payline with this symbol and length would be calculated as such: 2 * 20 = 40. The prize value from one way or cluster in a Ways or Winning Clusters game is equal to the stake multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple ways or clusters, the total win values are summed. Example: Total stake = 2. Symbol win multiplier = 2. Win = 2x2 = 4. During the Free Spins bonus rounds, the game uses a different set of reel strips. If there is a Scatter Symbol in the game, all wins will be paid in addition to any other symbol wins occurring on the same spin. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. RTP~92.74% The calculated max multiplier of the game is 5341.4. Minimum stake: $0.10 Maximum stake: $80 Last modification date: 5/17/2022