Judgement Day Megaways SPECIAL SYMBOLS AND FEATURES MEGAWAYS The number of possible win ways varies per spin according to the total number of individual symbols which land on the reels, with a maximum potential of 117,649 MegaWays™ to win! CHAIN REACTION Symbols forming wins disappear, making way for new symbols to drop in that may form new wins. There is no limit to the possible chain reactions. SEALS SEALS may land on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. After a SEAL lands it activates a random horseman. The horseman executes its feature and the SEAL is transformed into a WILD of the same name as the horseman: CONQUEST WILD, WAR WILD, FAMINE WILD or DEATH WILD. Up to 4 SEALS may land in a spin – 1 for each of the horsemen. When more than 1 horseman has been summoned by landing multiple SEAL WILDS, the following order will be observed when triggering their features: 1. Conquest 2. War 3. Famine 4. Death CONQUEST Conquest shoots arrows into the sky and they fall as SKULL WILDS over other symbols on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. Arrows cannot land on a FREE SPINS scatter or another WILD. WAR War slashes random symbols in two, increasing the amount of possible win ways in the spin. Slashing can occur only once per spin. Only symbols on reels with a symbol count of less than 7 can be slashed and no more symbols can be slashed on a reel which has reached the maximum count of 7 symbols. FREE SPINS scatters and SEALS cannot be slashed. FAMINE Famine selects 2 random reels and applies the symbol count of each as a symbol multiplier to the other. The multiplier is applied to all symbols on the reels, except FREE SPINS scatters and SEAL WILDS. The symbol multiplier applied to each selected reel may be x2, x3, x4, x5, x6 or x7, depending on the symbol count on the other selected reel. When selecting reels, ones with a different count of symbols are selected with priority. A symbol with a symbol multiplier on it is counted as the same number of symbols as the multiplier displays. For example: a symbol with x3 on it is considered as 3 symbols. DEATH Death randomly drags down 1 or 2 of reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 to reveal SKULL WILDS with symbol multiplier. A reel may not be dragged with more than 3 tile positions in total, while a reel which lands with 2 symbols in total may not be dragged more than 2 tile positions. Additionally, the dragging will stop if a FREE SPINS scatter or a SEAL WILD has reached the bottom tile position on a dragged reel. The SKULL WILDS will appear with an increasing symbol multiplier. Each next SKULL WILD dragged down will come out with a x1, x2 or x3 higher multiplier than the previous highest symbol multiplier which appeared on any symbol in the reel. If no symbol multiplier is present on any of the symbols in the reel, a starting symbol multiplier of x1 will be assumed when dragging in the first SKULL WILD. WILDS The SEAL symbols as well as the SKULL symbols formed by execution of the Conquest or Death features are WILDS. All WILDS substitute for all paying symbols and count as the symbol which forms the longest winning combination on a single win way. FREE SPINS 3 FREE SPINS scatters anywhere trigger 8 FREE SPINS. The bonus round begins with the JUDGEMENT phase. Press JUDGE and a random horseman will be selected to activate on every spin during FREE SPINS. The remaining horsemen may also be activated at random in a spin by landing SEAL WILDS during the bonus round. Landing 3 scatters during FREE SPINS awards 4 BONUS SPINS and another JUDGEMENT phase where one of the remaining horsemen will randomly be selected to also activate on every spin for the remainder of the bonus round. Retriggers may occur while there are still horsemen left to be activated during JUDGEMENT. SEAL WILDS will not land if all horsemen have been activated during a JUDGEMENT. In FREE SPINS when more than one horseman is set to activate on every spin, their activations observe the same order as in the normal game. MAX WIN The maximum win amount is limited to 100,000x your current stake. If the total win of a game round reaches 100,000x the round immediately ends, the maximum win is awarded and in case there are remaining free spins they are forfeited. HOW TO PLAY JUDGEMENT DAY MEGAWAYS™ FEATURE BUY The feature starts automatically after your confirmation. If you refresh the game during the feature you will receive the end result. The Buy Feature is activated immediately after clicking the "buy" button. The cost of each feature is displayed in the Feature Buy pop-up and is based on the currently selected stake. Buying a feature does NOT contribute towards any Jackpots. The calculated overall RTP in Feature Buy is 95.71%. Total Stake The Total Stake is the total of stakes per line. You can adjust it at any time, using the + or – buttons. Spin the Reels If you are playing on desktop, click the Spin button or press the spacebar to spin. Speed up each reel spin by pressing spacebar again, or by clicking on the reels. For TURBO SPIN, hold down the spacebar or the Spin button. Press the TURBO fast_forward button to speed up the game! Autoplay Press the AUTO button to commence automatic play of the game at the currently selected stake. Select how many spins to play via the Total Spins Dropdown menu. More Autoplay settings Select the loss limit: The Autoplay will stop at the last spin before the loss limit is reached. The Аutoplay loss limit should be higher than your stake. Expand the AUTOPLAY dialog by choosing MORE AUTOPLAY SETTINGS. Here you can select additional criteria for the AUTOPLAY stop including - Stop if single win exceeds certain amount; Stop on Bonus Feature. Jackpot Game Win one of the offered jackpot tiers when the jackpot is triggered by а game feature. Spin the jackpot wheel to determine which of the offered jackpot tiers will be won. The size of the segments on the jackpot wheel do not correlate to the odds of winning each jackpot tier represented. The chances of winning a jackpot increase in correlation with the size of the stake played. Jackpot prizes are not affected by any game features e.g. multipliers are never applied to jackpots. Тhe jackpot is triggered randomly and can be won by playing any of the linked jackpot games. To win the jackpot, the player is not required to make any decision other than to spin the reels. The stake value cannot be changed during free spins. Internet connectivity issues may cause delays in jackpot messages or updates, but they do not affect actual jackpot wins. It is not possible for two players to win the same jackpot. In the event two jackpot winnings occur close to one another the jackpot will be assigned in their respective order. Due to connectivity issues the jackpot value displayed may differ from the effective jackpot value. The jackpot could be temporary deactivated, when this occurs all contributions are paused. The jackpot amount available upon reactivation will be the same as before the deactivation. The rules for Jackpot discontinuation and Jackpot fund allocation are defined by each Operator at their own discretion. Progressive Jackpot The progressive jackpot is accumulated by all stakes on games offering these jackpots and, in some cases, the jackpots may be offered on multiple websites. A percentage of each total bet is added to a common pot. Part of this contribution is used to form the progressively increasing jackpot amounts, and the other part, contributes to a seed fund, which is the minimum amount of money guaranteed to be made available to players after a jackpot is won by qualifying players. Once the jackpot has been won, a new progressive jackpot will be made available and the process repeats. The jackpot can be triggered and won by a single spin from a single user only. The jackpot does not have a ceiling value. The odds of winning the jackpot increases with the size of the jackpot and can be won at any time. When the jackpot is won by another player, a notification appears in the jackpot panel. Once won, the amount is transferred directly to the user wallet, even if it is won during a bonus spin. Time Jackpot The time jackpot is a progressive jackpot which is guaranteed to pay out before a set date and time. The prize pot grows with the contributions from the stake of each spin on a jackpot game, and the closer the prize pot gets to the advertised guaranteed latest payout time, the greater the odds of winning it. Оdds increase up to 100% when the guaranteed latest payout time is reached. Once the jackpot has been won, a new time jackpot will be made available and the process repeats with a new deadline for the next guaranteed payout. The jackpot can be triggered and won by a single spin from a single user only. This jackpot does not have a ceiling but must be won before the date and time specified. When the jackpot is won by another player, a notification appears in the jackpot panel. Once won, the amount is transferred directly to the user wallet, even if it is won during a bonus spin. Dynamic Jackpot Allocation Only the first $2 of a stake is eligible to win the time jackpot. Stake amounts in excess of $2 are contributed directly to the progressive jackpot. Daily drop (time) Current starting value is: $1,500.00, Next minimum starting value is: $1,500.00 Mega drop (progressive) Current starting value is: $25,000.00, Next minimum starting value is: $25,000.00 General types of games Check the pays menu in the game paytable if you are not sure of the game type. The values related to each symbol, shown either on the slot scene or on the dedicated Symbol Wins pages of the Pays menu, represent stake multipliers and not credits. If you are playing a Lines game, the prize value from one payline is equal to the total stake divided by the number of paylines, multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple win lines, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same payline, the largest win is paid. Each individual payline can pay only once per spin. Example: Total stake is 2. Total paylines are 20. Symbol multiplier for length of 5 is 300. The win for 1 payline with this symbol and length would be calculated as such: 2 / 20 * 300 = 30. If you are playing a Ways, a MegaWays or a Cluster game, the prize value from one way or cluster in a Ways or Winning Clusters game is equal to the stake multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple ways or clusters, the total win values are summed. Example: Total stake = 2. Symbol win multiplier = 2. Win = 2x2 = 4. If there is a Scatter Symbol in the game, all wins will be paid in addition to any other symbol wins occurring on the same spin. If you are playing a Scatter Pays game only the highest winning combination is paid per symbol. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. In case of an incomplete game round due to connection loss where the result has not yet occurred, the game will generate an outcome for the round, which will be shown upon restoring of connection and the result will be visible in the Game History after refreshing the game In case of an incomplete game round due to connection loss where the result has occurred, but the player could not be informed of this fact, the game will inform the player of the outcome upon refreshing of the game and the result will be visible in the Game History For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The RTP is ≈ 93.11% which includes base game RTP and jackpot contribution. Minimum stake: $0.10 Maximum stake: $2 Last modification date: 6/19/2024