Touchdown Cash SPECIAL SYMBOLS AND FEATURES SUPERSTAR WILD The Superstar WILD lands on all reels and expands to full reel if it participates in a win line. It substitutes for all paying symbols and counts as the symbol which forms the longest winning combination on a single win line. FEATURE TROPHIES 3 trophies are positioned above the reels – a Blue trophy, a White trophy and a Red trophy. Each of those trophies has a corresponding same color ball scatter symbol that can land on any reel: the Blue Ball scatter, the White Ball scatter and the Red Ball scatter. When a ball scatter lands there is a chance it will activate the same colored Trophy which will trigger the corresponding feature. The Blue trophy triggers the TOUCHDOWN bonus, the White trophy triggers FREE SPINS, and the Red trophy triggers HOLD & RESPIN. In case several features trigger in the same spin the following order of execution will be observed: Touchdown Bonus, then Free Spins, then Hold & Respin. When ball scatters interact with their corresponding trophy, the latter gradually becomes larger and then resets after a feature activation. This is purely visual and for entertainment purposes only. It does not affect the actual chance of activating any of the trophies, which happens at random upon landing a same-colored ball scatter. TOUCHDOWN BONUS Triggered by the Blue trophy and awards an INSTANT CASH PRIZE represented with a monetary value based on the current bet. After pressing Start on the initial screen, a football player throws a ball. While the ball is in the air, a counter shows an increasing win amount. The counter can stop on any of the possible prizes after which the ball descends into the TOUCHDOWN area and is caught by a second player. The prize awarded can represent any of the following MULTIPLIERS: 10x, 20x, 30x, 40x, 50x, 60x, 70x, 80x, 90x or 100x FREE SPINS Triggered by the White trophy and awards 9 FREE SPINS. At the start of FREE SPINS, 1 Superstar WILD is expanded on the middle reel and kept there until the end of the bonus. If more WILDS land they will also be expanded and locked on their reel. HOLD & RESPIN Triggered by the Red trophy. The HOLD & RESPIN feature starts with 6 Cash symbols all holding the same CASH PRIZE. The value of that prize is determined by a coin flip at the start of the bonus and can result in any of the possible prizes held by the Cash symbols. Cash symbols hold prizes visualized with monetary values that can represent any of the following bet MULTIPLIERS: 0.5x, 1x, 2x, 3x, 5x, 7x or 10x. The MINI, MINOR, MAJOR or MEGA BONUS PRIZES also hold cash based on the current bet and are awarded at the end of the HOLD & RESPIN bonus depending on the number of Superstar symbols landed throughout it. 1x Superstar symbol = 15x MINI BONUS 2x Superstar symbols = 75x MINOR BONUS 3x Superstar symbols = 250x MAJOR BONUS 4x Superstar symbols = 2500x MEGA BONUS No more than 4 Superstar symbols can land in the same bonus round and only the biggest of the achieved bonus prizes will be awarded. Only Cash symbols and Superstar symbols can land during HOLD & RESPIN. The Superstar symbol is not a WILD during HOLD & RESPIN. Each new Cash symbol or Superstar symbol resets the number of the remaining respins to 3. Feature ends after 3 respins without landing new Cash or Superstar symbols, or on full grid. HOW TO PLAY TOUCHDOWN CASH FEATURE BUY The feature starts automatically after your confirmation. If you refresh the game during the feature you will receive the end result. The Buy Feature is activated immediately after clicking the "buy" button. The cost of each feature is displayed in the Feature Buy pop-up and is based on the currently selected stake. Buying a feature does NOT contribute towards any Jackpots. The calculated overall RTP in Feature Buy is 96.1%. Total Stake The Total Stake is the total of stakes per line. You can adjust it at any time, using the + or – buttons. Spin the Reels If you are playing on desktop, click the Spin button or press the spacebar to spin. Speed up each reel spin by pressing spacebar again, or by clicking on the reels. For TURBO SPIN, hold down the spacebar or the Spin button. Press the TURBO button to speed up the game! Autoplay Press the AUTO button to commence automatic play of the game at the currently selected stake. Select how many spins to play via the Total Spins Dropdown menu. More Autoplay settings Select the loss limit: The Autoplay will stop at the last spin before the loss limit is reached. The Аutoplay loss limit should be higher than your stake. Expand the AUTOPLAY dialog by choosing MORE AUTOPLAY SETTINGS. Here you can select additional criteria for the AUTOPLAY stop including - Stop if single win exceeds certain amount; Stop on Bonus Feature. Jackpot Game Win one of the offered jackpot tiers when three or more jackpot symbols appear on the reels or the jackpot is triggered by а game feature. Spin the jackpot wheel to determine which of the offered jackpot tiers will be won. The size of the segments on the jackpot wheel do not correlate to the odds of winning each jackpot tier represented. The chances of winning a jackpot increase in correlation with the size of the stake played. Jackpot prizes are not affected by any game features e.g. multipliers are never applied to jackpots. Тhe jackpot is triggered randomly and can be won by playing any of the linked jackpot games. To win the jackpot, the player is not required to make any decision other than to spin the reels. The stake value cannot be changed during free spins. Internet connectivity issues may cause delays in jackpot messages or updates, but they do not affect actual jackpot wins. It is not possible for two players to win the same jackpot. In the event two jackpot winnings occur close to one another the jackpot will be assigned in their respective order. Due to connectivity issues the jackpot value displayed may differ from the effective jackpot value. The jackpot could be temporary deactivated, when this occurs all contributions are paused. The jackpot amount available upon reactivation will be the same as before the deactivation. The rules for Jackpot discontinuation and Jackpot fund allocation are defined by each Operator at their own discretion. Progressive Jackpot The progressive jackpot is accumulated by all stakes on games offering these jackpots and, in some cases, the jackpots may be offered on multiple websites. A percentage of each total bet is added to a common pot. Part of this contribution is used to form the progressively increasing jackpot amounts, and the other part, contributes to a seed fund, which is the minimum amount of money guaranteed to be made available to players after a jackpot is won by qualifying players. Once the jackpot has been won, a new progressive jackpot will be made available and the process repeats. The jackpot can be triggered and won by a single spin from a single user only. The jackpot does not have a ceiling value. The odds of winning the jackpot increases with the size of the jackpot and can be won at any time. When the jackpot is won by another player, a notification appears in the jackpot panel. Once won, the amount is transferred directly to the user wallet, even if it is won during a bonus spin. Time Jackpot The time jackpot is a progressive jackpot which is guaranteed to pay out before a set date and time. The prize pot grows with the contributions from the stake of each spin on a jackpot game, and the closer the prize pot gets to the advertised guaranteed latest payout time, the greater the odds of winning it. Оdds increase up to 100% when the guaranteed latest payout time is reached. Once the jackpot has been won, a new time jackpot will be made available and the process repeats with a new deadline for the next guaranteed payout. The jackpot can be triggered and won by a single spin from a single user only. This jackpot does not have a ceiling but must be won before the date and time specified. When the jackpot is won by another player, a notification appears in the jackpot panel. Once won, the amount is transferred directly to the user wallet, even if it is won during a bonus spin. Dynamic Jackpot Allocation Only the first $2 of a stake is eligible to win the time jackpot. Stake amounts in excess of $2 are contributed directly to the progressive jackpot. Daily Drop (time) Current starting value is: $2,000.00, Next minimum starting value is: $2,000.00 Mega Drop (progressive) Current starting value is: $25,000.00, Next minimum starting value is: $25,000.00 General types of games Check the pays menu in the game paytable if you are not sure of the game type. The values related to each symbol, shown either on the slot scene or on the dedicated Symbol Wins pages of the Pays menu, represent stake multipliers and not credits. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. If you are playing a Lines game, the prize value from one payline is equal to the total stake multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the Paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple win lines, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same payline, the largest win is paid. Each individual payline can pay only once per spin. If you are playing a Ways or a Cluster game, the prize value from one way or winning cluster is equal to the payout advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple ways or clusters, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same way or cluster, the largest win is paid. If there is a Scatter Symbol in the game, all wins will be paid in addition to any other symbol wins occurring on the same spin. If you are playing a Scatter Pays game only the highest winning combination is paid per symbol. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. In case of an incomplete game round due to connection loss where the result has not yet occurred, the game will generate an outcome for the round, which will be shown upon restoring of connection and the result will be visible in the Game History after refreshing the game. In case of an incomplete game round due to connection loss where the result has occurred, but the player could not be informed of this fact, the game will inform the player of the outcome upon refreshing of the game and the result will be visible in the Game History. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The RTP is ≈ 93.14% which includes base game RTP and jackpot contribution. The calculated max multiplier of the game is 9000. Minimum stake: $0.10 Maximum stake: $30 Last modification date: 10/28/2025