Fright Before Xmas SPECIAL SYMBOLS AND FEATURES Retrigger The Free Spins symbol is a scatter. 3 Free Spins symbols on the 1st, 3rd and 5th reel trigger 7 Free Spins! On every 7th spin, there is a chance of a Free Spins retrigger for a total of up to 21 Free Spins! When RETRIGGERED the Free Spins mode UPGRADES for the chance of even BIGGER WINS! Free Spins In the base game, 3 Free Spins symbols on the 1st, 3rd and 5th reels trigger 7 Free Spins with a chance of WILDS! On the 7th spin there is a chance of a WIN SPINS RETRIGGER! Win Spins On the last spin of Free Spins, 3 Win Spins symbols on the 1st, 3rd and 5th reels trigger 7 Win Spins with a chance of WILDS! EVERY SPIN is a GUARANTEED WIN! On the 7th spin there is a chance of a WILD SPINS RETRIGGER! Wild Spins On the last spin of Win Spins, 3 Wild Spins symbols on the 1st, 3rd and 5th reels trigger 7 Wild Spins with a chance of WILDS! EVERY SPIN is a GUARANTEED WIN and WILDS LOCK for the duration of the bonus! HOW TO PLAY FRIGHT BEFORE XMAS FEATURE BUY The feature starts automatically after your confirmation. If you refresh the game during the feature you will receive the end result. The Buy Feature is activated immediately after clicking the "buy" button. The cost of each feature is displayed in the Feature Buy pop-up and is based on the currently selected stake. Buying a feature does NOT contribute towards any Jackpots. The calculated overall RTP in Feature Buy is 95.73%. Total Stake The Total Stake is the total of stakes per line. You can adjust it at any time, using the + or – buttons. Spin the Reels If you are playing on desktop, click the Spin button or press the spacebar to spin. Speed up each reel spin by pressing spacebar again, or by clicking on the reels. For TURBO SPIN, hold down the spacebar or the Spin button. Press the TURBO button to speed up the game! Autoplay Press the AUTO button to commence automatic play of the game at the currently selected stake. Select how many spins to play via the Total Spins Dropdown menu. More Autoplay settings Select the loss limit: The Autoplay will stop at the last spin before the loss limit is reached. The Аutoplay loss limit should be higher than your stake. Expand the AUTOPLAY dialog by choosing MORE AUTOPLAY SETTINGS. Here you can select additional criteria for the AUTOPLAY stop including - Stop if single win exceeds certain amount; Stop on Bonus Feature. General types of games Check the pays menu in the game paytable if you are not sure of the game type. The values related to each symbol, shown either on the slot scene or on the dedicated Symbol Wins pages of the Pays menu, represent stake multipliers and not credits. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. If you are playing a Lines game, the prize value from one payline is equal to the total stake multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the Paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple win lines, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same payline, the largest win is paid. Each individual payline can pay only once per spin. If you are playing a Ways or a Cluster game, the prize value from one way or winning cluster is equal to the payout advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple ways or clusters, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same way or cluster, the largest win is paid. During the Free Spins bonus rounds, the game uses a different set of reel strips. If there is a Scatter Symbol in the game, all wins will be paid in addition to any other symbol wins occurring on the same spin. If you are playing a Scatter Pays game only the highest winning combination is paid per symbol. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. In case of an incomplete game round due to connection loss where the result has not yet occurred, the game will generate an outcome for the round, which will be shown upon restoring of connection and the result will be visible in the Game History after refreshing the game. In case of an incomplete game round due to connection loss where the result has occurred, but the player could not be informed of this fact, the game will inform the player of the outcome upon refreshing of the game and the result will be visible in the Game History. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. RTP ≈ 94.78% Minimum stake: $0.10 Maximum stake: $100 Last modification date: 12/16/2025