Zillard King SPECIAL SYMBOLS AND FEATURES GOLD COINS As long as there are still ZILLARD WILD upgrades to be unlocked, GOLD COINS may appear in the bottom right-hand corner of any symbol on the reels. If they land on the same spin as a ZILLARD WILD they are collected and contribute to the ZILLARD WILD PROGRESS BAR. ZILLARD WILD The WILD symbol substitutes for all paying symbols. As GOLD COINS are added to the ZILLARD WILD PROGRESS BAR, a series of three ZILLARD WILD upgrades may be unlocked: - Upgrade #1 turns the ZILLARD WILD into a stacked 1x4 symbol. - Upgrade #2 adds a random multiplier to the ZILLARD WILD. - Upgrade #3 turns the ZILLARD WILD sticky. It will remain locked on the reels until it participates in at least one win, followed by a non-winning spin. For each consecutive win it participates in, the WIN MULTIPLIER increases to up to x20. After the first non-winning spin, following at least one winning spin, the ZILLARD WILD disappears from the reels and resets. THUNDER WILDS When the ZILLARD WILD lands on the reels but no win occurs, he may ROAR to summon THUNDER WILDS which trigger a GUARANTEED WIN! Between 3 and 6 THUNDER WILDS may drop before the 6th reel has been unlocked and between 3 and 9 after it has been unlocked. WILDS substitute for all paying symbols. PROGRESS BAR Collect 30 GOLD COINS to unlock upgrade #1, 60 GOLD COINS for upgrade #2 and 90 GOLD COINS for the final upgrade. Until all 3 of the possible ZILLARD WILD upgrades have been unlocked, the ZILLARD WILD PROGRESS BAR appears to the right of the reels. This shows the progression of the collection of GOLD COINS which unlock the 3 ZILLARD WILD upgrades. Once all three of the possible ZILLARD WILD upgrades have been unlocked, the ZILLARD WILD PROGRESS BAR turns into a 6th reel. Only high-paying symbols can land on the 6th reel. The ZILLARD WILD and the THUNDER WILDS cannot appear on the 6th reel. HOW TO PLAY ZILLARD KING GAME PROGRESS Any progress features in the game, including symbols locked onto the reels which affect subsequent spins, are saved for your game at the stake level you are playing at. You can have different progress levels at different stakes on the same game, and move between them by changing the stake. If you are awarded free spins from a promotional campaign any progress in the main game including any locked symbols, will be saved and be available to continue playing at the same stake once the free spins have been completed. Please note that this stateful game saves its state forever. Total Stake The Total Stake is the total of stakes per line. You can adjust it at any time, using the + or – buttons. Spin the Reels If you are playing on desktop, click the Spin button or press the spacebar to spin. Speed up each reel spin by pressing spacebar again, or by clicking on the reels. For TURBO SPIN, hold down the spacebar or the Spin button. Press the TURBO (fast_forward) button to speed up the game! Autoplay Press the AUTO button to commence automatic play of the game at the currently selected stake. Select how many spins to play via the Total Spins Dropdown menu. More Autoplay settings Select the loss limit: The Autoplay will stop at the last spin before the loss limit is reached. The Аutoplay loss limit should be higher than your stake. Expand the AUTOPLAY dialog by choosing MORE AUTOPLAY SETTINGS. Here you can select additional criteria for the AUTOPLAY stop including - Stop if single win exceeds certain amount; Stop on Bonus Feature. General types of games Check the pays menu in the game paytable if you are not sure of the game type. The values related to each symbol, shown either on the slot scene or on the dedicated Symbol Wins pages of the Pays menu, represent stake multipliers and not credits. The prize value from one payline is equal to the total stake divided by the number of paylines, multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple win lines, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same payline, the largest win is paid. Each individual payline can pay only once per spin. Example: Total stake is 2. Total paylines are 20. Symbol multiplier for length of 5 is 300. The win for 1 payline with this symbol and length would be calculated as such: 2 / 20 * 300 = 30. The prize value from one payline in a Multiline game is equal to the stake multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple win lines, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same payline, the largest win is paid. Example: Stake is 2. Symbol multiplier for length of 5 is 20. The win for 1 payline with this symbol and length would be calculated as such: 2 * 20 = 40. The prize value from one way or cluster in a Ways or Winning Clusters game is equal to the stake multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple ways or clusters, the total win values are summed. Example: Total stake = 2. Symbol win multiplier = 2. Win = 2x2 = 4. If there is a Scatter Symbol in the game, all wins will be paid in addition to any other symbol wins occurring on the same spin. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. RTP ≈ 92.73% The calculated max multiplier of the game is 3500. Minimum stake: $0.10 Maximum stake: $100 Last modification date: 10/19/2022