Bounty Raid SPECIAL SYMBOLS AND FEATURES BANDITS Scatter symbols with listed rewards. They only pay when a Sheriff or Bounty Hunter lands on the same spin. Multiple Bandits may land on the same spin. SHERIFF Non-paying scatter symbol that may appear on any reel except the middle reel and activates all currently visible Bandits on the slot to award their combined prizes. Only one Sheriff can appear at any time. BOUNTY HUNTER Non-paying 1x2 sized scatter symbol that appears only in the middle reel and locks all Bandits on the reels for a Respin feature with only Bandits and the Golden Coin landing on the reels. If new Bandits or a Golden Coin appear in the Respin it will activate again. When no new Bandits or Golden Coins have landed, the combined prize of all Bandits is awarded to the player. Only one Bounty Hunter may appear at any time. GOLDEN COIN Scatter symbol that appears only in the Respin feature. When this symbol lands, it increases the prize of all currently visible bandits on the reels. The bonus multipliers given by the Golden Coin symbol to the Bandit scatters are as follows: Bandit 1 (x4) gets an additional x1 for every gold coin Bandit 2 (x8) gets an additional x2 for every gold coin Bandit 3 (x10) gets an additional x3 for every gold coin Bandit 4 (x15) gets an additional x4 for every gold coin Bandit 5 (x20) gets an additional x5 for every gold coin Golden Coin scatters may increase the value of Bandit scatter multipliers, up to a maximum of 100x stake. HOW TO PLAY BOUNTY RAID Total Stake The Total Stake is the total of stakes per line. You can adjust it at any time, using the + or – buttons. Spin the Reels Click the Spin button to spin the reels. Speed up each reel spin by pressing spacebar again, or by clicking on the reels. For TURBO SPIN, hold down the spacebar or the Spin button. Press the TURBO ( fast_forward ) button to speed up the game! Autoplay Press the AUTO button to commence automatic play of the game at the currently selected stake. Select how many spins to play via the Total Spins Dropdown menu. More Autoplay settings Select the loss limit: The Autoplay will stop at the last spin before the loss limit is reached. The Аutoplay loss limit should be higher than your total stake. Expand the AUTOPLAY dialog by choosing MORE AUTOPLAY SETTINGS. Here you can select additional criteria for the AUTOPLAY stop including - Stop if single win exceeds certain amount; Stop on Bonus Feature. General types of games Check the pays menu in the game paytable if you are not sure of the game type. The values related to each symbol, shown either on the slot scene or on the dedicated Symbol Wins pages of the Pays menu, represent stake multipliers and not credits. The prize value from one payline is equal to the total stake divided by the number of paylines, multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple win lines, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same payline, the largest win is paid. Each individual payline can pay only once per spin. Example: Total stake is 2. Total paylines are 20. Symbol multiplier for length of 5 is 300. The win for 1 payline with this symbol and length would be calculated as such: 2 / 20 * 300 = 30. The prize value from one payline in a Multiline game is equal to the stake multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple win lines, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same payline, the largest win is paid. Example: Stake is 2. Symbol multiplier for length of 5 is 20. The win for 1 payline with this symbol and length would be calculated as such: 2 * 20 = 40. The prize value from one way or cluster in a Ways or Winning Clusters game is equal to the stake multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple ways or clusters, the total win values are summed. Example: Total stake = 2. Symbol win multiplier = 2. Win = 2x2 = 4. If there is a Scatter Symbol in the game, all wins will be paid in addition to any other symbol wins occurring on the same spin. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. RTP ≈ 92.73% The calculated max multiplier of the game is 605. Minimum stake: $0.10 Maximum stake: $500 Last modification date: 8/19/2021