Vault Cracker SPECIAL SYMBOLS AND FEATURES CASH SAFES Non-paying scatter symbols that can land anywhere on the reels. Each safe contains a random CASH PRIZE which is awarded when unlocked by the Heist Master or the Holdup Artist! The smallest STEEL safe offers wins of up to x5, the larger BRONZE safe multiplies rewards by up to x15 and the biggest GOLD safe awards wins of up to x30! HOLD-UP ARTIST Non-paying scatter symbol that can only land on the last reel. When it lands along with visible safe symbols, the Holdup Artist opens them all to reveal their prizes! HEIST MASTER Non-paying 1x2 super symbol that can only land on the middle reel. When it lands it triggers the Heist feature for instant prizes! HEIST When triggered, all safe symbols will LOCK, one RESPIN is awarded and only safe symbols will spin in the reels during the respin. If a new safe lands on the reels, another respin is awarded. If no new safe lands, currently locked safes will open and pay and the SECOND CHANCE WHEEL will spin. If all possible positions have a safe, all unopened safes will open and pay and the DIAMOND is unlocked to award a WIN MULTIPLIER! SECOND CHANCE WHEEL The Second Chance Wheel continues the Heist feature if it lands on green. Each time this feature activates, an additional police officer will appear and an extra quarter section of the wheel will turn red. Triggering the Second Chance Wheel a fourth time will instantly end the Heist feature. DIAMOND When the Diamond is unlocked, it awards a MULTIPLIER of up to x10 on the total Heist win! HOW TO PLAY VAULT CRACKER Total Stake The Total Stake is the total of stakes per line. You can adjust it at any time, using the + or – buttons. Spin the Reels Click the Spin button to spin the reels. Speed up each reel spin by pressing spacebar again, or by clicking on the reels. For TURBO SPIN, hold down the spacebar or the Spin button. Press the TURBO ( fast_forward ) button to speed up the game! Autoplay Press the AUTO button to commence automatic play of the game at the currently selected stake. Select how many spins to play via the Total Spins Dropdown menu. More Autoplay settings Select the loss limit: The Autoplay will stop at the last spin before the loss limit is reached. The Аutoplay loss limit should be higher than your total stake. Expand the AUTOPLAY dialog by choosing MORE AUTOPLAY SETTINGS. Here you can select additional criteria for the AUTOPLAY stop including - Stop if single win exceeds certain amount; Stop on Bonus Feature. General types of games Check the pays menu in the game paytable if you are not sure of the game type. The values related to each symbol, shown either on the slot scene or on the dedicated Symbol Wins pages of the Pays menu, represent stake multipliers and not credits. The prize value from one payline is equal to the total stake divided by the number of paylines, multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple win lines, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same payline, the largest win is paid. Each individual payline can pay only once per spin. Example: Total stake is 2. Total paylines are 20. Symbol multiplier for length of 5 is 300. The win for 1 payline with this symbol and length would be calculated as such: 2 / 20 * 300 = 30. The prize value from one payline in a Multiline game is equal to the stake multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple win lines, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same payline, the largest win is paid. Example: Stake is 2. Symbol multiplier for length of 5 is 20. The win for 1 payline with this symbol and length would be calculated as such: 2 * 20 = 40. The prize value from one way or cluster in a Ways or Winning Clusters game is equal to the stake multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple ways or clusters, the total win values are summed. Example: Total stake = 2. Symbol win multiplier = 2. Win = 2x2 = 4. If there is a Scatter Symbol in the game, all wins will be paid in addition to any other symbol wins occurring on the same spin. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. RTP ≈ 92.66% The calculated max multiplier of the game is 1410. Minimum stake: $0.10 Maximum stake: $200 Last modification date: 12/23/2021