First Person Golden Wealth Baccarat Game Objective The objective in First Person Golden Wealth Baccarat is to predict whose hand — the Player’s or the Banker’s — will win by having the value closest to 9. Game Rules First Person Golden Wealth Baccarat is played with eight standard 52-card decks. Card values are as follows: Aces are the lowest cards and are worth 1 point each. Cards from 2 to 9 are worth their numerical face values. 10s and face cards (jacks, queens, and kings) are each worth 0. Cards are burnt after each shuffle. At the start of a new shoe, one card is drawn face-up from the shoe. The number of cards to be burnt depends on the face value of the first drawn card. In this card burning procedure, 10s and face cards will have a face value of 10 and will result in 10 cards burnt. Cards are burnt by placing them in the burnt card holder. Only the numeric value of each card is relevant in the main Baccarat game; each card's suit (hearts, spades, clubs, or diamonds) is irrelevant. Prior to each deal, your bet has to be placed on whether the Player or the Banker will win the round by having the hand with a value closest to 9. You also have the option to bet that the round will end in a Tie, which occurs when both the Player and Banker hold hands of equal value. In addition, you can also bet on Player/Banker Pair (P/B Pair), which will pay if the first two cards dealt to the Player/Banker constitute a pair. A Golden fee of 20% will be added to each of your placed bets. For example, if your bet is 5, then 20% Golden fee applied is 1, and your total bet will be 6. This total bet value will be visible on your screen. Golden Round After your bets are accepted, the Golden round occurs. During the Golden round five random Golden cards are drawn from a virtual 52-card pack. These Golden cards are then given randomly assigned Golden multipliers of 2x, 3x, 5x or 8x. If your bet wins and contains card/s that are among the selected Golden cards, your payout will be multiplied by the Golden multiplier assigned to the card/s. You will have a chance to win even more if two or more Golden cards are dealt to the same bet spot. Those multipliers will be multiplied, and your payout then will be multiplied by the total multiplier! Your initial bet will be added on top of your winnings. If the winning hand does not contain the revealed Golden card/s, then the regular payout is applied. See “Payouts” section for detailed payout information. After the Golden Round has occurred, two cards are dealt each to the Player and to the Banker. If the Player and Banker hold hands of equal value, the round ends in a tie. The Tie bet wins, and bets on the Player and Banker push (are returned). The Golden fee for the pushed Player/Banker bets will not be returned. Each hand's value is calculated by dropping the tens digit in a hand otherwise worth 10 or more. For example, a hand consisting of a 7 and a 9 is only worth 6 in Baccarat (because 16-10=6). Similarly, a face card plus a 9 will be worth 9. If the Player or the Banker receives an initial two-card hand worth 8 or a 9 (a "natural" 8 or 9), no additional cards will be dealt to either hand. If the Player and Banker receive initial two-card hands worth 0-7, the "Third Card Rule" is consulted to determine if a third card is to be dealt to either hand or both hands. The Player always goes first. Player's Hand Player's initial two-card hand 0-1-2-3-4-5 Player draws a third card. 6-7 Player stands. 8-9 (a "natural") No third card to either hand. Banker's Hand Banker's initial two-card Value of third card drawn by Player No third card 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 0 D D D D D D D D D D D 1 D D D D D D D D D D D 2 D D D D D D D D D D D 3 D D D D D D D D D S D 4 D S S D D D D D D S S 5 D S S S S D D D D S S 6 S S S S S S S D D S S 7 S S S S S S S S S S S 8 S S S S S S S S S S S 9 S S S S S S S S S S S D — Draw; S — Stand If the Player's hand stands on a 6 or 7, then a Banker hand totaling 3, 4 or 5 must draw, while a Banker hand totaling 6 must stand. Whoever gets the hand closest to a total of 9 wins. You can grow the roads for your table and observe the trends by having a number of hands dealt for free. Simply click/tap the “+1” button and a free round with face-up cards will be dealt. After a certain number of free hands have been dealt, the dealing will continue with the cards face-down. After a certain number of hands have been dealt, the maximum bet limit for different side bets may be decreased. Shuffle the shoe at any time to clear any patterns at your table. After you have clicked/tapped this button, all the roads will be cleared, and the cards will be shuffled. To get back to game faster, skip the shuffling animation. Simply click/tap the SKIP button. Cut the cards yourself by moving the red cutting card above the deck. Side Bets Side Bet Description P Pair Pays if the first two cards dealt to the Player constitute a pair. B Pair Pays if the first two cards dealt to the Banker constitute a pair. Payouts Your payout depends on the type of bet placed. BET PAYS Player 1 – 512:1 Banker 1 – 512:1 95% of your Banker bet is returned if Banker wins Tie 5:1 (Up to €500,000) P Pair 9 – 576:1 B Pair 9 – 576:1 Maximum payout for your all winnings within a game round is limited. For details see the Bet Limit table. Please note that any malfunction voids the game round and all eventual payouts for the round. Bets will be returned. Return to Player The optimal Return to Player (RTP) percentage for First Person Golden Wealth Baccarat is 98.85%. The following table displays the return-to-player percentage on the different optional side bets. Bet Return to Player Player 98.85% Banker 98.69% Tie 93.36% B Pair 86% P Pair 86% RTP is based on a maximum bet placed on an individual bet. The probability for the top prize – matching all 6 cards for a Tie – is one in 452,656,878,803 and the top prize is capped at 500,000 EUR. Place Bets The BET LIMITS panel shows the minimum and maximum allowed bet limits at the table, which may change from time to time. Open the Bet Limits to check your current limits. To participate in the game, you must have sufficient funds to cover your bets. You can see your current BALANCE on your screen. The CHIP DISPLAY allows you to select the value of each chip you wish to bet. Only chips of denominations that can be covered by your current balance will be enabled. Once you have selected a chip, place your bet by simply clicking/tapping the appropriate betting spot on the game table. Each time you click/tap the betting spot, the amount of your bet increases by the value of the selected chip or up to the maximum limit for the type of bet you have selected. Once you have bet the maximum limit, no additional funds will be accepted for that bet, and a message will appear above your bet to notify you that you have bet the maximum. After you have placed your bet, click/tap the DEAL button to start the dealing. The DOUBLE (2x) button becomes available after you have placed any bet. Each click/tap doubles all your bets up to the maximum limit. Note that you must have a sufficient account balance to double ALL your placed bets. The REBET button allows you to repeat all your bets from the previous game round. This button becomes available after every game round. The UNDO button removes the last bet you placed. You can click/tap the UNDO button repeatedly to remove bets, one by one, in the reverse order of which they were placed. You can clear all your bets by holding the UNDO button. The TOTAL BET indicator displays the total amount of all bets placed in the current round. Live Support You can chat with the Live Support. Use Live Support button to enlarge or, alternatively, to close the chat window. Enter your message in the chat field. To post your message, press Enter or the arrow button within the field. You can resize and move the chat window anywhere on your screen. Scorecards Baccarat streaks and trends for either the Player or the Banker using a particular shoe are recorded in various scoreboards. These pictorial representations of past round results and other statistics regarding the current shoe may be of help to you in predicting the results of future rounds. The BEAD ROAD and BIG ROAD display the results of each past round, while the Big Eye Road , Small Road and Cockroach Road display patterns derived from the BIG ROAD. Roads and shoe statistics are always cleared when a new shoe is introduced. BEAD ROAD Each cell in the BEAD ROAD represents the result of a past round. The result of the earliest round is recorded in the upper left corner. Read the column downwards all the way to the bottom; then start at the top of the adjacent column to the right and so forth. A solid red cell indicates a Banker win. A solid blue cell represents a Player win. A solid green cell represents a Tie. A red dot in the bottom right corner of a cell means the Banker had a pair. A blue dot in the top left corner of a cell means the Player had a pair. A gold ring around the cell represents that the round was won with a Golden card. You can change the Bead Road display from English to Simplified Chinese or Score Mode by clicking/tapping it anywhere. BIG ROAD In the BIG ROAD, the result of the earliest round is recorded in the upper left corner. A new column is created each time the Banker’s winning streak changes in favour of the Player, or vice versa. A cell outlined in red indicates a Banker win. A cell outlined in blue indicates a Player win. A Tie is recorded as a green line through the cell for the preceding round. If the first round is a Tie, the green line will appear first, and the red or blue outline will appear around the line once the Player or Banker wins a round. If there are two or more consecutive tie rounds, the number on line will show the number of ties. Rounds won with a Golden card are recorded with blue or red cells, depending on which hand won, and a gold ring around the cell. Rounds with Golden cards that end in a Tie are recorded with gold cells with a green line through the cell. DERIVED ROADS For the true Baccarat enthusiast, the Big Eye Road, Small Road, and Cockroach Road are included to display patterns derived from past results recorded in the BIG ROAD. The Big Eye Road uses outlined circles, the Small Road uses solid circles, and the Cockroach Road uses slashes. However, in these derived roads, the colours red and blue do not correspond to Banker and Player wins, and there is no way to discern ties or pairs. In derived roads, red entries are a sign of repetition, whereas blue entries signal a more erratic, "choppy" shoe. The derived roads do not start at the very beginning of the shoe. They start with the hand following the first hand in the second, third and fourth columns of the BIG ROAD. Once a derived road starts, an additional red or blue symbol is added after every round. SHOE STATISTICS The following statistics based on the current shoe are displayed for you: Total — The number of completed rounds thus far. Player — The number of Player wins thus far. Banker — The number of Banker wins thus far. Tie — The number of tie rounds thus far. Banker (Pair): The number of Banker pairs thus far. Player (Pair): The number of Player pairs thus far. ROAD PROBING TABLE The Road PROBING Table displays the icon that will be added to the three derived roads if the next round is won by the Banker or the Player. Click the Banker (B) or Player (P) button to see the icon that will be added in the roads if the next round is won by the Banker or the Player. Sound The SOUND button will mute/unmute all game sounds and voice from the game. Note that if you change tables, the sound will automatically unmute. You can alter your sound settings by clicking/tapping the SETTINGS button. Game History The HISTORY button will launch a window showing all game rounds you have played and the results of those rounds. You can review your past gaming activity by viewing your: ACCOUNT HISTORY — Shows your complete account history as a list of dates, games, bet amounts and payouts. The game round completed most recently appears at the top of the list. GAME HISTORY — Shows your history related to a particular game once you click/tap the game in the GAME column. Deposit and Withdraw The CASHIER button will open the cashier/banking window for deposits and withdrawals. Responsible Gaming The RESPONSIBLE GAMING button allows you to access the page outlining the Responsible Gaming policy. This page provides useful information and links regarding responsible online gaming behavior and how to set limitations to your game sessions. Disconnection Policy If disconnection occurs after a bet is placed and the DEAL button is clicked/tapped, you will be able to see the game outcome in the History window after reconnecting. More Games The Go Live button can be selected at any time. Text Description automatically generated with low confidence. Clicking/tapping the Go Live button will take you to the Live Golden Wealth Baccarat table. The Lobby button can be selected at any time from any game. Logo Description automatically generated with medium confidence. It allows you to easily change the game table or select any other First Person game. You will not be removed from this game until you have actually selected the new game you wish to join. You can use the LOBBY to browse other games while still playing in your current game. Shortcut Keys Shortcut keys can be used to quickly perform useful game functions. KEY FUNCTION Number Keys from 1 onwards Select the desired chip from the chip display. Key “1” corresponds to the leftmost chip with the lowest value. Key “2” selects the next highest value chip, and so on. SPACEBAR Repeat your most recent bet. Press SPACEBAR a second time to double your bet. CTRL+Z (CMD+Z), DELETE, BACKSPACE Undo your last bet. Hold for 3 seconds to remove all your bets. ESC When applicable, the ESC key can be used to: Exit full-screen mode Close an open pop-up window (History, Help, Settings, etc.) Last modification date: 5/26/2022