Zillard King Megaways SPECIAL SYMBOLS AND FEATURES MEGAWAYS™ The number of possible win ways varies per spin according to the total number of individual symbols which land on the reels, with a maximum potential of 117,649 MegaWays™ to win! CHAIN REACTION Symbols forming wins disappear, making way for new symbols to drop in that may form new wins. There is no limit to the possible chain reactions. ZILLARD WILD The ZILLARD WILD is a SUPER WILD symbol which substitutes for all paying symbols. It covers an entire reel and always lands in full view. 1 ZILLARD WILD can land in a spin on reels 2, 3, 4 or 5. The WILD holds a symbol MULTIPLIER of between x2 and x7. The symbol MULTIPLIER represents how many symbols the SUPER WILD is being counted as in the ways calculation. If the ZILLARD WILD does not participate in a win when it lands, it will lock on the reel until it forms a win. When the ZILLARD WILD participates in a win it does not get destroyed. Instead, the symbol MULTIPLIER of the ZILLARD WILD increases by 1. GOLD COINS AND ZILLARD EVOLUTION A Zillard Evolution progress bar with 3 stages is placed over the 6th reel. Until the last stage of the progress bar is completed, the game is played on 5 reels. When Gold Coin symbols land anywhere on the reels they are collected and contribute to the Zillard Evolution. Collect 30 Gold Coins to complete each stage of the progress bar and evolve the ZILLARD WILD. The rewards for completing each stage are as follows: Stage #1: Adds 1 additional Life Point to the ZILLARD WILD. With each Life Point added, the ZILLARD WILD stays for 1 spin longer on the reels after it forms a win. Stage #2: Adds 1 more Life Point to the ZILLARD WILD. Additionally, on the next spin the ZILLARD WILD will add THUNDER WILDS to the reel strips. Stage #3: Adds 1 more Life Point to the ZILLARD WILD and unlocks the chance to enter FREE SPINS. After the last stage of the progress bar is complete, the bar is removed and reveals the 6th reel, where royal symbols do not appear. Gold Coins no longer appear on the 1st 5 reels after the progress bar is complete. Instead, 1 Gold Coin symbol may land on the 6th reel. THUNDER WILDS Randomly at the end of a non-winning spin when the ZILLARD WILD is present on the reels, it may roar and summon THUNDER WILDS. THUNDER WILDS substitute for all paying symbols and can only appear on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. After completing Stage 2 of the Zillard Evolution progress, the THUNDER WILDS are also added to the reel strips and can land on any spin. FREE SPINS Landing a Gold Coin symbol on the 6th reel when the ZILLARD WILD is present awards 4 FREE SPINS. 1 additional FREE SPIN is awarded for each remaining Life Point that the ZILLARD WILD has at the point of entering. The maximum number of FREE SPINS is 7, if FREE SPINS are triggered when the ZILLARD WILD still has 3 Life Points remaining. The ZILLARD WILD remains locked on the reel for the duration of the bonus round. Additionally, during FREE SPINS the ZILLARD WILD may also randomly summon THUNDER WILDS at the start of each free spin. HOW TO PLAY ZILLARD KING MEGAWAYS™ Game Progress Any progress features in the game, including symbols locked onto the reels which affect subsequent spins, are saved for your game at the stake level you are playing at. You can have different progress levels at different stakes on the same game, and move between them by changing the stake. If you are awarded free spins from a promotional campaign any progress in the main game including any locked symbols, will be saved and be available to continue playing at the same stake once the free spins have been completed. Please note that this stateful game saves its state forever. FEATURE BUY The feature starts automatically after your confirmation. If you refresh the game during the feature you will receive the end result. The Buy Feature is activated immediately after clicking the "buy" button. The cost of each feature is displayed in the Feature Buy pop-up and is based on the currently selected stake. Buying a feature does NOT contribute towards any Jackpots. The calculated overall RTP in Feature Buy is 95.73%. Total Stake The Total Stake is the total of stakes per line. You can adjust it at any time, using the + or – buttons. Spin the Reels If you are playing on desktop, click the Spin button or press the spacebar to spin. Speed up each reel spin by pressing spacebar again, or by clicking on the reels. For TURBO SPIN, hold down the spacebar or the Spin button. Press the TURBO button to speed up the game! Autoplay Press the AUTO button to commence automatic play of the game at the currently selected stake. Select how many spins to play via the Total Spins Dropdown menu. More Autoplay settings Select the loss limit: The Autoplay will stop at the last spin before the loss limit is reached. The Аutoplay loss limit should be higher than your stake. Expand the AUTOPLAY dialog by choosing MORE AUTOPLAY SETTINGS. Here you can select additional criteria for the AUTOPLAY stop including - Stop if single win exceeds certain amount; Stop on Bonus Feature. Jackpot Game Win one of the offered jackpot tiers when three or more jackpot symbols appear on the reels or the jackpot is triggered by а game feature. Spin the jackpot wheel to determine which of the offered jackpot tiers will be won. The size of the segments on the jackpot wheel do not correlate to the odds of winning each jackpot tier represented. The chances of winning a jackpot increase in correlation with the size of the stake played. Jackpot prizes are not affected by any game features e.g. multipliers are never applied to jackpots. Тhe jackpot is triggered randomly and can be won by playing any of the linked jackpot games. To win the jackpot, the player is not required to make any decision other than to spin the reels. The stake value cannot be changed during free spins. Internet connectivity issues may cause delays in jackpot messages or updates, but they do not affect actual jackpot wins. It is not possible for two players to win the same jackpot. In the event two jackpot winnings occur close to one another the jackpot will be assigned in their respective order. Due to connectivity issues the jackpot value displayed may differ from the effective jackpot value. The jackpot could be temporary deactivated, when this occurs all contributions are paused. The jackpot amount available upon reactivation will be the same as before the deactivation. The rules for Jackpot discontinuation and Jackpot fund allocation are defined by each Operator at their own discretion. Progressive Jackpot The progressive jackpot is accumulated by all stakes on games offering these jackpots and, in some cases, the jackpots may be offered on multiple websites. A percentage of each total bet is added to a common pot. Part of this contribution is used to form the progressively increasing jackpot amounts, and the other part, contributes to a seed fund, which is the minimum amount of money guaranteed to be made available to players after a jackpot is won by qualifying players. Once the jackpot has been won, a new progressive jackpot will be made available and the process repeats. The jackpot can be triggered and won by a single spin from a single user only. The jackpot does not have a ceiling value. The odds of winning the jackpot increases with the size of the jackpot and can be won at any time. When the jackpot is won by another player, a notification appears in the jackpot panel. Once won, the amount is transferred directly to the user wallet, even if it is won during a bonus spin. Time Jackpot The time jackpot is a progressive jackpot which is guaranteed to pay out before a set date and time. The prize pot grows with the contributions from the stake of each spin on a jackpot game, and the closer the prize pot gets to the advertised guaranteed latest payout time, the greater the odds of winning it. Оdds increase up to 100% when the guaranteed latest payout time is reached. Once the jackpot has been won, a new time jackpot will be made available and the process repeats with a new deadline for the next guaranteed payout. The jackpot can be triggered and won by a single spin from a single user only. This jackpot does not have a ceiling but must be won before the date and time specified. When the jackpot is won by another player, a notification appears in the jackpot panel. Once won, the amount is transferred directly to the user wallet, even if it is won during a bonus spin. Dynamic Jackpot Allocation Only the first $2 of a stake is eligible to win the time jackpot. Stake amounts in excess of $2 are contributed directly to the progressive jackpot. Daily Drop (time) Current starting value is: $2,000.00, Next minimum starting value is: $2,000.00 Mega Drop (progressive) Current starting value is: $25,000.00, Next minimum starting value is: $25,000.00 General types of games Check the pays menu in the game paytable if you are not sure of the game type. The values related to each symbol, shown either on the slot scene or on the dedicated Symbol Wins pages of the Pays menu, represent stake multipliers and not credits. The prize value from one payline is equal to the total stake divided by the number of paylines, multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple win lines, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same payline, the largest win is paid. Each individual payline can pay only once per spin. Example: Total stake is 2. Total paylines are 20. Symbol multiplier for length of 5 is 300. The win for 1 payline with this symbol and length would be calculated as such: 2 / 20 * 300 = 30. The prize value from one payline in a Multiline game is equal to the stake multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple win lines, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same payline, the largest win is paid. Example: Stake is 2. Symbol multiplier for length of 5 is 20. The win for 1 payline with this symbol and length would be calculated as such: 2 * 20 = 40. The prize value from one way or cluster in a Ways or Winning Clusters game is equal to the stake multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple ways or clusters, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same way or cluster, the largest win is paid. Example: Total stake = 2. Symbol win multiplier = 2. Win = 2x2 = 4. If there is a Scatter Symbol in the game, all wins will be paid in addition to any other symbol wins occurring on the same spin. If you are playing a Scatter Pays game only the highest winning combination is paid per symbol. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. In case of an incomplete game round due to connection loss where the result has not yet occurred, the game will generate an outcome for the round, which will be shown upon restoring of connection and the result will be visible in the Game History after refreshing the game. In case of an incomplete game round due to connection loss where the result has occurred, but the player could not be informed of this fact, the game will inform the player of the outcome upon refreshing of the game and the result will be visible in the Game History. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The RTP is ≈ 93.06% which includes base game RTP and jackpot contribution. The calculated max multiplier of the game is 24393.9. Minimum stake: $0.20 Maximum stake: $15 Last modification date: 8/19/2025