Piggy Riches 2 MegaWays SPECIAL SYMBOLS AND FEATURES MEGAWAYS™ Up to 7 symbols may land on each of the 6 reels, giving a maximum potential 117,649 MegaWays™ to win! CHAIN REACTION Symbols forming wins disappear, making way for new symbols to drop in that may form new wins. There is no limit to the possible chain reactions. SUPER WILD SUPER WILD symbols may land on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5, but they can not land at the same time on reels 2 and 3. The SUPER WILDS cover an entire reel and have a symbol MULTIPLIER of between x2 and x7. The symbol MULTIPLIER represents how many symbols the SUPER WILD is being counted as in the ways calculation. SUPER WILDS do not disappear after participating in a winning combination. HOLD & RESPIN Landing 3 or more Scatter symbols anywhere triggers the Hold & Respin bonus with 3 FREE SPINS. The bonus starts with a number of positions on each reel equal to the number of scatters that have triggered the Hold & Respin bonus. At the start of the bonus round the player spins a wheel which awards a number of CASH symbols and a number of SAVES both with value of 2x the current stake. The possible number of CASH symbols awarded are 2, 3, 4, 5, 10 or 15. The possible number of SAVES are 1, 2, 3, 4 or 5. The CASH symbols awarded from the wheel are then placed on random positions on the reels and lock for the duration of the HOLD & RESPIN bonus. The SAVES are displayed above the reels. During the bonus round only CASH symbols, special symbols or empty symbols may land and every symbol position is a different reel. The CASH symbols hold a random CASH PRIZE, representing a stake MULTIPLIER. The possible MULTIPLIERS of the CASH symbols landing during the round are 1x, 2x, 3x, 5x or 10x the current stake. When CASH symbols land on the reels they lock for the duration of the bonus round. Landing any CASH symbol or special symbol during the bonus round resets the spins back to 3. As long as there are remaining SAVES, if no new CASH symbols or special symbols land in 3 consecutive spins, one SAVE will be used to place a CASH symbol on a random empty position on the reels. If there are still remaining empty positions, the bonus round continues and the spins are reset back to 3. If all positions on the reels are filled with locked symbols any remaining SAVES will add their value to the total win of the bonus round. There are 7 special symbols which may land in the bonus round, similar to the non-royal symbols in the base game. The special symbols act differently in the bonus and do not pay as in the base game. The special symbols are: PIGGY BANK – the PIGGY BANK symbol holds a random CASH value, representing a stake MULTIPLIER of 1x, 2x, 3x, 5x or 10x the current stake. When a PIGGY BANK lands it breaks and its value is added on all adjacent positions (horizontally, vertically and diagonally) that are empty or are occupied by a CASH symbol. On the empty positions a CASH symbol with this value is placed, while on positions where a CASH symbol is already present, the value is added to the value of the CASH symbol. PIGGY BANK symbols do not lock on the reels. PURSE – when a PURSE symbol lands it collects all CASH symbols present on the reels, adding up their value on the PURSE and removing the symbols, thereby freeing up their positions. Each PURSE will continue collecting all symbols present on the reels until a minimum of 5 CASH symbols are collected. When PURSE symbols land on the reels they lock for the duration of the bonus round. If more than 1 PURSE is present, all PURSES that have not yet collected at least 5 CASH symbols will collect all present CASH symbols on the reels. KEY – when a KEY symbol lands it adds 1 additional row on top of the reels up to a maximum of 7 rows. KEY symbols cannot land after all rows are unlocked. KEY symbols do not lock on the reels. MONEY BAG – the MONEY BAG symbol holds a random CASH value, representing stake MULTIPLIER. The possible MULTIPLIERS are 30x, 50x, 75x or 100x the current stake. When Money Bag symbols land on the reels they lock for the duration of the bonus round. GENTLEMAN PIG – the GENTLEMAN PIG symbol holds a CASH value, representing stake MULTIPLIER, starting at 5x the current stake. The current value of GENTLEMAN PIG is displayed above the reels in the bonus round. Each GENTLEMAN PIG symbol that lands in a spin increases the values of all CASH and MONEY BAG symbols present on the reels by its current value. It also increases the value of each PURSE symbol present on the reels, multiplied by the number of symbols collected in the PURSE. Following that, the value of GENTLEMAN PIG above the reels is increased for the following spins for each GENTLEMAN PIG that landed. The value of GENTLEMAN PIG increases as follows: 5x, 10x, 15x, 25x, 50x, 100x and resets at the end of the bonus round. GENTLEMAN PIG symbols do not lock on the reels. LADY PIG – the LADY PIG symbol holds a MULTIPLIER, starting at x1. The current MULTIPLIER of LADY PIG is always displayed above the reels in the bonus round. Each LADY PIG symbol that lands in a spin collects the value of all CASH, PURSE and MONEY BAG symbols present on the reels and leaves a PRESENT on its position with their combined value, multiplied by the current MULTIPLIER of LADY PIG. Following that, the MULTIPLIER of LADY PIG above the reels increases for the following spins by 1 for each LADY PIG that landed. The MULTIPLIER of LADY PIG resets at the end of the bonus round. The PRESENTS left by LADY PIG lock on the reels for the duration of the bonus round. CREDIT CARDS – each CREDIT CARDS symbol that lands increases the current value of both GENTLEMAN PIG and LADY PIG above the reels for the current and the following spins. The value of GENTLEMAN PIG is increased to the next possible value, while the MULTIPLIER of LADY PIG is increased by 1. If GENTLEMAN PIG has reached his maximum value, then the CREDIT CARDS symbol only increases the MULTIPLIER of LADY PIG. CREDIT CARDS symbols do not lock on the reels. If more than one special symbol lands in a spin, the order in which they activate is as follows: PIGGY BANK, CREDIT CARDS, GENTLEMAN PIG, LADY PIG, PURSE, KEY. The bonus round ends if no CASH or special symbols land in 3 consecutive spins after all SAVES have been used, or all positions on the reels are filled with locked symbols. At the end of the bonus round the player is awarded the combined prize of all CASH, PURSE, MONEY BAG and PRESENT symbols present on the reels, and the value of any remaining SAVES. MAX WIN The maximum win amount is limited to 20,000x your current stake. If the total win of a game round reaches 20,000x the round immediately ends, the maximum win is awarded and in case there are remaining spins in the bonus round they are forfeited. HOW TO PLAY PIGGY RICHES™ 2 MEGAWAYS™ FEATURE BUY The feature starts automatically after your confirmation. If you refresh the game during the feature you will receive the end result. The Buy Feature is activated immediately after clicking the "buy" button. The cost of each feature is displayed in the Feature Buy pop-up and is based on the currently selected stake. Buying a feature does NOT contribute towards any Jackpots. Total Stake The Total Stake is the total of stakes per line. You can adjust it at any time, using the + or – buttons. Spin the Reels If you are playing on desktop, click the Spin button or press the spacebar to spin. Speed up each reel spin by pressing spacebar again, or by clicking on the reels. For TURBO SPIN, hold down the spacebar or the Spin button. Press the TURBO button to speed up the game! Autoplay Press the AUTO button to commence automatic play of the game at the currently selected stake. Select how many spins to play via the Total Spins Dropdown menu. More Autoplay settings Select the loss limit: The Autoplay will stop at the last spin before the loss limit is reached. The Аutoplay loss limit should be higher than your stake. Expand the AUTOPLAY dialog by choosing MORE AUTOPLAY SETTINGS. Here you can select additional criteria for the AUTOPLAY stop including - Stop if single win exceeds certain amount; Stop on Bonus Feature. Jackpot Game Win one of the offered jackpot tiers when three or more jackpot symbols appear on the reels or the jackpot is triggered by а game feature. Spin the jackpot wheel to determine which of the offered jackpot tiers will be won. The size of the segments on the jackpot wheel do not correlate to the odds of winning each jackpot tier represented. The chances of winning a jackpot increase in correlation with the size of the stake played. Jackpot prizes are not affected by any game features e.g. multipliers are never applied to jackpots. Тhe jackpot is triggered randomly and can be won by playing any of the linked jackpot games. To win the jackpot, the player is not required to make any decision other than to spin the reels. The stake value cannot be changed during free spins. Internet connectivity issues may cause delays in jackpot messages or updates, but they do not affect actual jackpot wins. It is not possible for two players to win the same jackpot. In the event two jackpot winnings occur close to one another the jackpot will be assigned in their respective order. Due to connectivity issues the jackpot value displayed may differ from the effective jackpot value. The jackpot could be temporary deactivated, when this occurs all contributions are paused. The jackpot amount available upon reactivation will be the same as before the deactivation. The rules for Jackpot discontinuation and Jackpot fund allocation are defined by each Operator at their own discretion. Progressive Jackpot The progressive jackpot is accumulated by all stakes on games offering these jackpots and, in some cases, the jackpots may be offered on multiple websites. A percentage of each total bet is added to a common pot. Part of this contribution is used to form the progressively increasing jackpot amounts, and the other part, contributes to a seed fund, which is the minimum amount of money guaranteed to be made available to players after a jackpot is won by qualifying players. Once the jackpot has been won, a new progressive jackpot will be made available and the process repeats. The jackpot can be triggered and won by a single spin from a single user only. The jackpot does not have a ceiling value. The odds of winning the jackpot increases with the size of the jackpot and can be won at any time. When the jackpot is won by another player, a notification appears in the jackpot panel. Once won, the amount is transferred directly to the user wallet, even if it is won during a bonus spin. Time Jackpot The time jackpot is a progressive jackpot which is guaranteed to pay out before a set date and time. The prize pot grows with the contributions from the stake of each spin on a jackpot game, and the closer the prize pot gets to the advertised guaranteed latest payout time, the greater the odds of winning it. Оdds increase up to 100% when the guaranteed latest payout time is reached. Once the jackpot has been won, a new time jackpot will be made available and the process repeats with a new deadline for the next guaranteed payout. The jackpot can be triggered and won by a single spin from a single user only. This jackpot does not have a ceiling but must be won before the date and time specified. When the jackpot is won by another player, a notification appears in the jackpot panel. Once won, the amount is transferred directly to the user wallet, even if it is won during a bonus spin. Dynamic Jackpot Allocation Only the first $2 of a stake is eligible to win the time jackpot. Stake amounts in excess of $2 are contributed directly to the progressive jackpot. Daily Drop (time) Current starting value is: $2,000.00, Next minimum starting value is: $2,000.00 Mega Drop (progressive) Current starting value is: $25,000.00, Next minimum starting value is: $25,000.00 General types of games Check the pays menu in the game paytable if you are not sure of the game type. The values related to each symbol, shown either on the slot scene or on the dedicated Symbol Wins pages of the Pays menu, represent stake multipliers and not credits. The prize value from one payline is equal to the total stake divided by the number of paylines, multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple win lines, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same payline, the largest win is paid. Each individual payline can pay only once per spin. Example: Total stake is 2. Total paylines are 20. Symbol multiplier for length of 5 is 300. The win for 1 payline with this symbol and length would be calculated as such: 2 / 20 * 300 = 30. The prize value from one payline in a Multiline game is equal to the stake multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple win lines, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same payline, the largest win is paid. Example: Stake is 2. Symbol multiplier for length of 5 is 20. The win for 1 payline with this symbol and length would be calculated as such: 2 * 20 = 40. The prize value from one way or cluster in a Ways or Winning Clusters game is equal to the stake multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple ways or clusters, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same way or cluster, the largest win is paid. Example: Total stake = 2. Symbol win multiplier = 2. Win = 2x2 = 4. If there is a Scatter Symbol in the game, all wins will be paid in addition to any other symbol wins occurring on the same spin. If you are playing a Scatter Pays game only the highest winning combination is paid per symbol. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. In case of an incomplete game round due to connection loss where the result has not yet occurred, the game will generate an outcome for the round, which will be shown upon restoring of connection and the result will be visible in the Game History after refreshing the game. In case of an incomplete game round due to connection loss where the result has occurred, but the player could not be informed of this fact, the game will inform the player of the outcome upon refreshing of the game and the result will be visible in the Game History. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Minimum stake: $0.10 Maximum stake: $20 Last modification date: 8/5/2025