Jingle Bells Bonanza SPECIAL SYMBOLS AND FEATURES BELLS AND FRAMES Bells appear only on the middle three reels and are used for the Frame and Wild features. Additionally, each Bell increases the Cash Drop Progress by one. When a Bell lands on the reels it will activate a Frame. New Bell symbols that land below a Frame will instead increase a Multiplier on that Frame with +1 per Bell. When a Scatter symbol lands, all Frame symbols that are present turn into Wild symbols or Wild symbols with Multipliers. The Multipliers apply to all win lines in which the Wild participates. If several Multipliers apply to the same line they will be added up. WILD Wild symbols appear from the interaction between Frames and Scatters. Wilds substitute for all paying symbols and count as the symbol which forms the highest winning combination on a single win line. CASH DROP 2 Scatter symbols on the first and last reel trigger the Cash Drop bonus. Enter with 3 Cash Drop spins and land any Cash Drop symbol before the counter runs out to continue the bonus. Initially the Scatter symbols turn into Cash Drop symbols with a cash prize of 3x the bet. Following this, the reels will start spinning with only Cash Drop symbols in them, with each spin reducing the Cash Drop counter by one. When new Cash Drop symbols land on the reels they will lock and reset the counter to the initial amount. The bonus ends either when the counter reaches zero and no new Cash Drop symbols landed or when the screen is filled with Cash Drop symbols. CASH DROP SYMBOL Appears only during the Cash Drop bonus rounds. Each symbol reveals a random cash prize of either x1, x2, x3, x5, x10, x20, x50 or x100 times the bet when it lands and stays locked in its position for the duration of the bonus. CASH DROP PROGRESS Increased by the Christmas Bell symbols, this feature upgrades the next Cash Drop that will be triggered with 4 progress milestones. Each milestone awards 1 of the 4 Progress Prizes at random. The same prize cannot be revealed twice when 2 or more milestones are awarded. 15 Christmas Bell symbols are required to fill 1 progress milestone, with a maximum of 60 progress positions required to fill for all 4 prizes to be won in a single Cash Drop bonus. The Big Cash Drop requires 15 Christmas Bell symbols, the Super Cash Drop requires 30 Christmas Bell symbols, the Mega Cash Drop requires 45 Christmas Bell symbols, and the Ultimate Cash Drop requires 60 Christmas Bell symbols. Filling the whole progress instantly turns all Frames into Wild symbols and enters the Ultimate Cash Drop bonus. When the Cash Drop is triggered the progress resets. The 4 possible Progress Prizes are as follows: Mystery, Multiplier, Expand and Spin. All Cash Drop symbol prizes are awarded when the bonus ends. PROGRESS PRIZE MULTIPLIER When triggered the total win from the Cash Drop will be doubled at the end of the bonus. PROGRESS PRIZE +1 SPIN When triggered the initial amount of the Cash Drop counter will be increased by 1 for a total of 4 spins. PROGRESS PRIZE EXPAND When triggered the amount of rows that will be in play will increase by 2 making the screen grid 5x5 in size. PROGRESS PRIZE MYSTERY When triggered the Golden Cash Drop will be added to the reels and may land on the screen during Cash Drop feature. GOLDEN CASH DROP SYMBOL When this symbol lands it will reveal a random prize of either x3, x5, x10 or x20 times the bet and a sign that indicates what interaction the Golden Cash Drop symbol will have on the reels. The possible signs that can be revealed by this symbol are: Plus, Single Arrow and Four Arrows. GOLDEN CASH DROP SYMBOL – PLUS If the symbol reveals a Plus sign the prizes of all currently locked Cash Drop symbols will increase by either +x5 or +x10 times the bet. GOLDEN CASH DROP SYMBOL – SINGLE ARROW If the symbol reveals a Single Arrow sign the prizes of all Cash Drop symbols in the direction that the arrow points will be collected by the Golden Cash Drop symbol to increase its prize. GOLDEN CASH DROP SYMBOL – FOUR ARROWS If the symbol reveals a Four Arrows sign the prizes of all Cash Drop symbols horizontally and vertically of the Golden Cash Drop symbols will be added together to increase its prize. GAME TERMINOLOGY English Term Translated Term WILD WILD SCATTER SCATTER JACKPOT JACKPOT HOW TO PLAY JINGLE BELLS BONANZA™ Game Progress play_arrow Any progress features in the game, including symbols locked onto the reels which affect subsequent spins, are saved for your game at the stake level you are playing at. You can have different progress levels at different stakes on the same game, and move between them by changing the stake. If you are awarded free spins from a promotional campaign any progress in the main game including any locked symbols, will be saved and be available to continue playing at the same stake once the free spins have been completed. Please note that this stateful game saves its state forever. Betting play_arrow To play the game, you must have sufficient funds to cover your bet. You can see your current BALANCE on your screen. To start playing, first select the bet value. Click/tap “+” or “-” to increase or reduce the bet or click/tap on the bet value in the middle and select a bet value from a scrollable list. Please note that the selected bet will be applied to each spin. If your balance becomes insufficient to play, you will receive automatic message which says there is "Insufficient funds". remove BET $2.00 add Once you have chosen the bet, click/tap the SPIN button to start playing. SPIN Spin the Reels play_arrow If you are playing on desktop, click the Spin button or press the spacebar to spin. Speed up each reel spin by pressing spacebar again, or by clicking on the reels. For TURBO SPIN, hold down the spacebar or the Spin button. Autoplay play_arrow Autoplay allows you to repeat your selected bet for a chosen number of game rounds. To start Autoplay, choose the desired bet value and then click/tap the Autoplay button. In the Autoplay panel, you can start Autoplay by selecting the number of rounds you want your bet to be repeated for. 5 Your selected number of Autoplay rounds will be displayed on the Autoplay button. The number of remaining Autoplay rounds will be updated, once Autoplay is started. Your total Autoplay bet amount is calculated by multiplying the number of Autoplay rounds with the value of your bet. It is indicated under each Autoplay option. The remaining Autoplay bet amount will also be displayed under the chosen Autoplay option, once Autoplay has started. Your automatic game rounds will continue until either your chosen number of Autoplay rounds are complete, or you choose to stop Autoplay by clicking/tapping STOP. The Autoplay will stop after a Bonus feature is completed. stop STOP While Autoplay is running, it is not possible to change your bet. You need to stop Autoplay to change the bet. Other Controls play_arrow Click/tap the PAYTABLE button to view the winning combinations and payouts. Click/tap the SOUND button to turn the game sounds on or off. Click/tap the HISTORY button to view the game rounds you have played and the results of those rounds. Click/tap the HELP button to view the game rules. Click/tap the FULL SCREEN button to enter the full screen mode or click/tap the EXIT FULL SCREEN button to exit it (alternatively, press ESC). fullscreen fullscreen_exit Game Speed: Select the desired spin speed — REGULAR, QUICK SPIN, or SUPER QUICK SPIN. Alternatively, click the QUICK SPIN button, if available on your device, to go from REGULAR to QUICK, from QUICK to SUPER QUICK, and from SUPER QUICK back to REGULAR speed. General types of games play_arrow Check the pays menu in the game paytable if you are not sure of the game type. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. Symbol payout values shown in the Paytable are dynamic and change in accordance with the selected stake value. If you are playing a Lines game, the prize value from one payline is equal to the payout advertised in the Paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple win lines, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same payline, the largest win is paid. Each individual payline can pay only once per spin. If you are playing a Ways or a Cluster game, the prize value from one way or winning cluster is equal to the payout advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple ways or clusters, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same way or cluster, the largest win is paid. If more than one win occurs on the same way or cluster, the largest win is paid. If there is a Scatter Symbol in the game, all wins will be paid in addition to any other symbol wins occurring on the same spin. If you are playing a Scatter Pays game only the highest winning combination is paid per symbol. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. In case of an incomplete game round due to connection loss where the result has not yet occurred, the game will generate an outcome for the round, which will be shown upon restoring of connection and the result will be visible in the Game History after refreshing the game. In case of an incomplete game round due to connection loss where the result has occurred, but the player could not be informed of this fact, the game will inform the player of the outcome upon refreshing of the game and the result will be visible in the Game History. Game Number play_arrow Each game round is identified by a unique GAME NUMBER. This number reflects when the game round began in terms of GMT by hour: minute: second. Please use this game number for reference (or take a screenshot of the game number) if you wish to contact Customer Service regarding a particular round. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. RTP ≈ 94.11% The calculated max multiplier of the game is 4186. Minimum stake: $0.10 Maximum stake: $50 Last modification date: 11/7/2024