Miami Rise SPECIAL SYMBOLS AND FEATURES WILD The WILD substitutes for all paying symbols. It lands on reels 2, 3 and 4. CASH SYMBOL CASH symbols land on reels 1, 2, 3 and 4. They hold a cash prize, representing a stake MULTIPLIER. The possible MULTIPLIERS are 0.5x, 1x, 1.5x, 2x, 2.5x, 5x. CASH HITS & CASH HIT SCATTERS 4 CASH HITS are available in the game, each holding a cash prize representing a stake MULTIPLIER. Corresponding CASH HIT scatter symbols appear on reels 1, 2, 3 and 4. At the start of the game the CASH HIT prizes are: Small Hit: 5x Big Hit: 15x Huge Hit: 50x Mega Hit: 500x THE KINGPIN The Kingpin scatter lands on reel 5 only. When the Kingpin lands together with CASH symbols or CASH HIT scatters on the reels he collects them all and awards their combined prize as an INSTANT WIN. CLIMBING THE RANKS The game features 3 rank levels that need to be completed to rise to the next rank. Ranking up unlocks new features. To complete a progression stage and up his rank, the Kingpin gains reputation points represented in the reputation meter above the reels. Each collected CASH and CASH HIT prize increases the Kingpin's reputation by +1. Each rank requires a specific number of reputation points to be gained, as follows: Rank 1: 30 points Rank 2: 50 points Rank 3: 70 points Completing a progression stage takes the Kingpin up to the next rank and a new feature is unlocked as follows: Rank #1: The Kingpin becomes sticky and remains on the screen for 2 more spins when he lands. Collecting a CASH or CASH HIT prize resets the number of spins that the Kingpin will remain on the screen to 2. Rank #2: The Kingpin gains an increasing MULTIPLIER. Each time the Kingpin collects any CASH or CASH HIT prizes his MULTIPLIER increases by +1. The MULTIPLIER applies to a random CASH or CASH HIT prize the next time the Kingpin collects that prize. The MULTIPLIER of the Kingpin resets when he leaves the screen. Rank #3: Adds a new CASH HIT SPINS scatter on reel 2 and increases the CASH HIT prizes as follows: Small Hit: 10x Big Hit: 25x Huge Hit: 100x Mega Hit: 1000x FREE SPINS Landing 3 FREE SPINS scatters on reels 2, 3 and 4 triggers 10 FREE SPINS. Landing 3 FREE SPINS scatters during FREE SPINS awards 10 additional spins. The reputation progress is transferred into the bonus round and any progress made during it is also carried into normal game. After gaining rank 1, if not present at the start of FREE SPINS, the Kingpin will appear on the middle position of the last reel and remain there for the duration of the bonus round. After gaining rank 2, if FREE SPINS is triggered while the Kingpin is present on the reels, any MULTIPLIER he acquired is transferred into FREE SPINS. After gaining rank 3, landing а CASH HIT SPINS scatter on reel 2 and 2 FREE SPINS scatters on reels 3 and 4 during FREE SPINS awards 5 additional spins and upgrades the FREE SPINS to CASH HIT SPINS. CASH HIT SPINS Landing a CASH HIT SPINS scatter on reel 2 and 2 FREE SPINS scatters on reels 3 and 4 during a base spin triggers 5 CASH HIT SPINS. FREE SPINS scatters and CASH HIT SPINS scatters cannot land during CASH HIT SPINS. During CASH HIT SPINS, all CASH symbols are upgraded to CASH HIT scatters. HOW TO PLAY MIAMI RISE Game Progress Any progress features in the game, including symbols locked onto the reels which affect subsequent spins, are saved for your game at the stake level you are playing at. You can have different progress levels at different stakes on the same game, and move between them by changing the stake. If you are awarded free spins from a promotional campaign any progress in the main game including any locked symbols, will be saved and be available to continue playing at the same stake once the free spins have been completed. Please note that this stateful game saves its state forever. FEATURE BUY The feature starts automatically after your confirmation. If you refresh the game during the feature you will receive the end result. The Buy Feature is activated immediately after clicking the "buy" button. The cost of each feature is displayed in the Feature Buy pop-up and is based on the currently selected stake. Buying a feature does NOT contribute towards any Jackpots. The calculated overall RTP in Feature Buy is 95.65%. Total Stake The Total Stake is the total of stakes per line. You can adjust it at any time, using the + or – buttons. Spin the Reels If you are playing on desktop, click the Spin button or press the spacebar to spin. Speed up each reel spin by pressing spacebar again, or by clicking on the reels. For TURBO SPIN, hold down the spacebar or the Spin button. Press the TURBO button to speed up the game! Autoplay Press the AUTO button to commence automatic play of the game at the currently selected stake. Select how many spins to play via the Total Spins Dropdown menu. More Autoplay settings Select the loss limit: The Autoplay will stop at the last spin before the loss limit is reached. The Аutoplay loss limit should be higher than your stake. Expand the AUTOPLAY dialog by choosing MORE AUTOPLAY SETTINGS. Here you can select additional criteria for the AUTOPLAY stop including - Stop if single win exceeds certain amount; Stop on Bonus Feature. General types of games Check the pays menu in the game paytable if you are not sure of the game type. The values related to each symbol, shown either on the slot scene or on the dedicated Symbol Wins pages of the Pays menu, represent stake multipliers and not credits. The prize value from one payline is equal to the total stake divided by the number of paylines, multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple win lines, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same payline, the largest win is paid. Each individual payline can pay only once per spin. Example: Total stake is 2. Total paylines are 20. Symbol multiplier for length of 5 is 300. The win for 1 payline with this symbol and length would be calculated as such: 2 / 20 * 300 = 30. The prize value from one payline in a Multiline game is equal to the stake multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple win lines, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same payline, the largest win is paid. Example: Stake is 2. Symbol multiplier for length of 5 is 20. The win for 1 payline with this symbol and length would be calculated as such: 2 * 20 = 40. The prize value from one way or cluster in a Ways or Winning Clusters game is equal to the stake multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple ways or clusters, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same way or cluster, the largest win is paid. Example: Total stake = 2. Symbol win multiplier = 2. Win = 2x2 = 4. If there is a Scatter Symbol in the game, all wins will be paid in addition to any other symbol wins occurring on the same spin. If you are playing a Scatter Pays game only the highest winning combination is paid per symbol. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. In case of an incomplete game round due to connection loss where the result has not yet occurred, the game will generate an outcome for the round, which will be shown upon restoring of connection and the result will be visible in the Game History after refreshing the game. In case of an incomplete game round due to connection loss where the result has occurred, but the player could not be informed of this fact, the game will inform the player of the outcome upon refreshing of the game and the result will be visible in the Game History. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. RTP ≈ 93.19% The calculated max multiplier of the game is 23002.5. Minimum stake: 0.10 Maximum stake: 15 Last modification date: 1/13/2026