Robin Hood's Wild Forest SPECIAL SYMBOLS AND FEATURES All character symbols trigger a feature when they land. More than one character may land in a spin. In that case, they trigger their features consecutively in the following order: first Maid Marian, then Little John, then Robin Hood. MAID MARIAN When the Maid Marian symbol lands she blows kisses to add random WILDS on the reels. Randomly, Maid Marian may blow more kisses and add more WILDS! Formed win lines are paid once after all executions of the feature. LITTLE JOHN When the Little John symbol lands he will smash the ground and destroy all low-paying symbols on the reels allowing only high-paying symbols to land. Randomly, after paying, Little John may smash the ground again and destroy all symbols that are not part of win lines and are not Wilds, for a chance of more winning symbols landing. Win lines formed before the activation of the feature will be immediately paid out. After that formed win lines will be paid after each activation of the feature. ROBIN HOOD When the Robin Hood symbol lands he fires arrows at a random high-paying symbol, locking it and triggering a respin. Character symbols as well as Wilds triggered by the Maid Marian feature will also lock. If new symbols of the locked type land, they will lock as well, triggering another respin. Randomly, in a respin where no symbols of the locked type land, Robin Hood may shoot arrows again to add one or more symbols of the locked type and continue the respins. Formed win lines are paid once after no more symbols of the locked type land. HIGH-PAYING AND LOW-PAYING SYMBOLS High-paying symbols are the four symbols on the upper row and low-paying are the five symbols on the lower row of the Symbol Wins paytable. HOW TO PLAY ROBIN HOOD'S WILD FOREST Total Stake The Total Stake is the total of stakes per line. You can adjust it at any time, using the + or – buttons. Spin the Reels If you are playing on desktop, click the Spin button or press the spacebar to spin. Speed up each reel spin by pressing spacebar again, or by clicking on the reels. For TURBO SPIN, hold down the spacebar or the Spin button. Press the TURBO button to speed up the game. Autoplay Press the AUTO button to commence automatic play of the game at the currently selected stake. Select how many spins to play via the Total Spins Dropdown menu. More Autoplay settings Select the loss limit: The Autoplay will stop at the last spin before the loss limit is reached. The Аutoplay loss limit should be higher than your total stake. Expand the AUTOPLAY dialog by choosing MORE AUTOPLAY SETTINGS. Here you can select additional criteria for the AUTOPLAY stop including - Stop if single win exceeds certain amount; Stop on Bonus Feature. General Types of Games Check the pays menu in the game paytable if you are not sure of the game type. The values related to each symbol, shown either on the slot scene or on the dedicated Symbol Wins pages of the Pays menu, represent stake multipliers and not credits. The prize value from one payline is equal to the total stake divided by the number of paylines, multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple win lines, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same payline, the largest win is paid. Each individual payline can pay only once per spin. Example: Total stake is 2. Total paylines are 20. Symbol multiplier for length of 5 is 300. The win for 1 payline with this symbol and length would be calculated as such: 2 / 20 * 300 = 30. The prize value from one payline in a Multiline game is equal to the stake multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple win lines, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same payline, the largest win is paid. Example: Stake is 2. Symbol multiplier for length of 5 is 20. The win for 1 payline with this symbol and length would be calculated as such: 2 * 20 = 40. The prize value from one way or cluster in a Ways or Winning Clusters game is equal to the stake multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple ways or clusters, the total win values are summed. Example: Total stake = 2. Symbol win multiplier = 2. Win = 2x2 = 4. If there is a Scatter Symbol in the game, all wins will be paid in addition to any other symbol wins occurring on the same spin. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. RTP≈92.76% The calculated max multiplier of the game is 1003 Minimum stake: $0.10 Maximum stake: $400 Last modification date: 12/14/2021