Biggest Vault SPECIAL SYMBOLS AND FEATURES WILD SYMBOL WILDS substitute for all paying symbols. CASH SYMBOLS Cash symbols hold a monetary prize representing a stake MULTIPLIER. Their possible values are: 0.5x, 1x, 2x, 3x, 5x, 7x, 10x. The Bonus Prizes are inactive and Cash symbols holding such values cannot land during the first 4 levels of the progress. Bonus Prize symbols may land only after completing level 4 of the progression. Their prizes are as follows: MINI – 20x MINOR – 100x MAJOR – 1000x GRAND – 20,000x It is not possible to win more than 1 GRAND prize, or to collect a GRAND symbol more than once in a spin and a FREE SPINS feature. FREE SPINS 6 or more Cash and/or Bonus Prize symbols in a spin trigger 3 FREE SPINS. Only Cash, Bonus Prize or empty symbols can land during the feature. Cash and Bonus Prize symbols are held for the duration of the bonus round. Any new Cash or Bonus Prize symbols that land reset the number of the remaining spins to 3. The FREE SPINS feature continues until 3 spins without new Cash or Bonus Prize symbols, or until all positions on the grid are full. At the end of the feature the sum of all Cash symbols' values on the reels, including the Bonus Prizes, are paid out. PROGRESSION There are 5 progress levels in the game. The progress level is incremented after each Free Spins round, up to level 5. A new feature is added to the game at the start of each new level as follows: Level 2 – Cash Box symbol is added. Level 3 – Cash Safe symbol is added. Level 4 – Cash Vault Symbol is added. Level 5 – Bonus Prizes are added. CASH BOX Cash Box may land on reels 2, 3 and 4 in level 2 and higher. Cash Box collects the values of all Cash symbols on the reels, including Bonus Prizes, leaving the Cash and Bonus Prize symbols intact. If the Cash and Bonus Prize symbols are 6 or more, they will trigger a FREE SPINS bonus and keep their values for the feature. When there is more than 1 Cash Box symbol in a spin, each of them collects all Cash and Bonus Prize values. CASH SAFE Cash Safe may land on reel 3 in level 3 and higher. After the line wins, Cash Safe turns all Royal symbols on the reels into Cash or Bonus Prize symbols at random, and collects the values of all Cash and Bonus Prize symbols, leaving them intact. If the Cash and Bonus Prize symbols are 6 or more, they will trigger a FREE SPINS bonus and keep their values for the feature. If there are Cash Safe and Cash Box symbols in the same spin, Cash Box symbols collect the Cash and Bonus Prize symbols' values after the Cash Safe has turned Royal symbols into Cash or Bonus Prize symbols. CASH VAULT Cash Vault may land on reel 3 in level 4 and higher. It is not possible to land Cash Safe and Cash Vault symbols in the same spin. Cash Vault turns all Royal symbols on the reels to Cash or Bonus Prize symbols at random and collects the value of all Cash and Bonus Prize symbols on the screen, leaving them intact. Cash Vault triggers the VAULT SPINS feature with increasing MULTIPLIER. At the start of the VAULT SPINS feature the MULTIPLIER is set to the number of the Cash symbols present on the reels. The Bonus Prize symbols do not influence it. When a new Cash symbol lands, it is multiplied by the current MULTIPLIER. At the end of the spin the MULTIPLIER is increased by 1 (for the next spins) for each new Cash symbol that landed in that spin. The Bonus prizes are not multiplied and do not increase the MULTIPLIER. Cash and Bonus Prize symbols are held for the duration of the bonus round. Any new Cash or Bonus Prize symbols that land reset the number of the remaining spins to 3.The VAULT SPINS feature continues until 3 spins without new Cash or Bonus Prize symbols, or until all positions on the grid are full. If there are Cash Vault and Cash Box symbols in the same spin, the Cash Box symbols collect the Cash and Bonus Prize symbols' values after the Cash Vault has turned Royal symbols into Cash and Bonus Prize symbols. HOW TO PLAY BIGGEST VAULT Game Progress Any progress features in the game, including symbols locked onto the reels which affect subsequent spins, are saved for your game at the stake level you are playing at. You can have different progress levels at different stakes on the same game, and move between them by changing the stake. If you are awarded free spins from a promotional campaign any progress in the main game including any locked symbols, will be saved and be available to continue playing at the same stake once the free spins have been completed. Please note that this stateful game saves its state forever. FEATURE BUY The feature starts automatically after your confirmation. If you refresh the game during the feature you will receive the end result. The Buy Feature is activated immediately after clicking the "buy" button. The cost of each feature is displayed in the Feature Buy pop-up and is based on the currently selected stake. Buying a feature does NOT contribute towards any Jackpots. The calculated overall RTP in Feature Buy is 96.08%. Total Stake The Total Stake is the total of stakes per line. You can adjust it at any time, using the + or – buttons. Spin the Reels If you are playing on desktop, click the Spin button or press the spacebar to spin. Speed up each reel spin by pressing spacebar again, or by clicking on the reels. For TURBO SPIN, hold down the spacebar or the Spin button. Press the TURBO button to speed up the game! Autoplay Press the AUTO button to commence automatic play of the game at the currently selected stake. Select how many spins to play via the Total Spins Dropdown menu. More Autoplay settings Select the loss limit: The Autoplay will stop at the last spin before the loss limit is reached. The Аutoplay loss limit should be higher than your stake. Expand the AUTOPLAY dialog by choosing MORE AUTOPLAY SETTINGS. Here you can select additional criteria for the AUTOPLAY stop including - Stop if single win exceeds certain amount; Stop on Bonus Feature. General types of games Check the pays menu in the game paytable if you are not sure of the game type. The values related to each symbol, shown either on the slot scene or on the dedicated Symbol Wins pages of the Pays menu, represent stake multipliers and not credits. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. If you are playing a Lines game, the prize value from one payline is equal to the total stake multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the Paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple win lines, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same payline, the largest win is paid. Each individual payline can pay only once per spin. If you are playing a Ways or a Cluster game, the prize value from one way or winning cluster is equal to the payout advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple ways or clusters, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same way or cluster, the largest win is paid. If there is a Scatter Symbol in the game, all wins will be paid in addition to any other symbol wins occurring on the same spin. If you are playing a Scatter Pays game only the highest winning combination is paid per symbol. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. In case of an incomplete game round due to connection loss where the result has not yet occurred, the game will generate an outcome for the round, which will be shown upon restoring of connection and the result will be visible in the Game History after refreshing the game. In case of an incomplete game round due to connection loss where the result has occurred, but the player could not be informed of this fact, the game will inform the player of the outcome upon refreshing of the game and the result will be visible in the Game History. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. RTP ≈ 96.14% The calculated max multiplier of the game is 21026.5. Minimum stake: 0.10 Maximum stake: 500 Last modification date: 1/6/2026