Clubhouse Roulette Roulette is one of the oldest and most-famous casino games around. Our Roulette wheel has 37 separately numbered slots alternately coloured red and black, with the '0' coloured green. The objective is to predict which number the ball will stop on once it has been released into the spinning wheel by the dealer. How to play To place a bet, select your chip value from the 'BANK' window and then click directly on the area of the table on which you wish to place your bet. Multiple clicks will increase the number of chips you bet. To remove a chip, click the 'Clear last' button. Alternatively, click 'Cancel' to remove all chips from the table. All bets must be placed before the timer shown in the 'BANK' window runs out. The dealer will spin the wheel and release the ball. Once the ball has come to rest, the dealer will announce the winning number and all bets will be settled automatically. The timer will then begin counting down to the start of the next game. You can make a number of different bets in Roulette. These are split into inside bets , which are bets placed on the numbered section of the table, and outside bets , which are placed on the other areas. Inside bets Straight-up bet A bet on an individual number. The simplest Roulette bet with the highest payout chance. This bet pays at 35:1 plus the original stake. Split bet A two-number bet which is placed on the line connecting the two numbers– for example, covering 24 and 27. This type of bet pays 17:1 plus the original stake. Corner bet A four-number bet placed at the corner of four numbers - for example, covering 8, 9, 11 and 12. This bet pays 8:1 plus the original stake. Street bet A three-number bet placed at the end of a row of numbers - for example, covering 13, 14 and 15. A street bet pays 11:1 plus the original stake. Line bet A six-number bet placed at the junction of two street bets – for example, covering 31, 32, 33, 34, 35 and 36. Line bets pay 5:1 plus the original stake. Special bets These are a number of multiple bets that are traditional to the game. Each bet covers a different group of numbers. These bets are available through the 'Special bets' button. Payouts vary for these bets. Outside bets Column bet A 12-number bet which covers all of the numbers in the corresponding column. This bet pays at 2:1 plus the stake. Dozen bet Another 12-number bet. Players can choose the first dozen (covering 1 to 12), the second dozen (covering 13 to 24) or the third dozen (covering 25 to 36). Again, this bet pays 2:1 plus original stake. Colour bet An 18-number bet which covers all the red numbers or all the black numbers. Colour bets pay at 1:1 plus original stake. Even/odd bet An 18-number bet in which the player chooses to bet on any odd number or any even number. This bet pays 1:1 plus original stake. Game features Chat : This feature launches the chat window so you to talk to the dealers or contact the supervisor if you need to. History : This displays the results of recent spins of the wheel. GAME OBJECTIVE The objective in ROULETTE is to predict the number on which the ball will land by placing one or more bets that cover that particular number. The wheel includes the numbers 1-36 plus a single 0. After the time allotted for betting has expired, the dealer releases the spinning ball within the roulette wheel. The ball will eventually come to rest in one of the numbered pockets within the wheel. You win if you have placed a bet that covers that particular number. BET TYPES You can place many different kinds of bets on the Roulette table. Each type of bet covers a certain range of numbers, and each type has its own payout rate. Bets that are made on the numbered space or on the lines between them are called Inside Bets, while the bets made on the special boxes below and to the left of the board are called Outside Bets. INSIDE BETS : Straight Up - place your chip directly on any single number (including zero). Split Bet - place your chip on the line between any two numbers, either on the vertical or horizontal. Street Bet - place your chip at the end of any row of numbers. A street bet covers three numbers. Corner Bet - place your chip at the corner where four numbers meet. All four numbers are covered. Line Bet - place your chip at the end of two rows on the intersection between them. A line bet covers all the numbers in both rows, for a total of six numbers. OUTSIDE BETS : Column Bet - place your chip in one of the boxes marked "2 to 1" at the end of the column that covers all 12 numbers in that column. The zero is not covered by any column bet. Dozen Bet - place your chip in one of the three boxes marked "1st 12," "2nd 12" or "3rd 12" to cover the twelve numbers above it. Red/Black - place your chip on the Red or Black box to cover the 18 red or black numbers. The zero is not covered by these bets. Even/Odd - place your chip in one of these boxes to cover the 18 even or odd numbers. The zero is not covered by these bets. 1-18/19-36 - place your chip on either of these boxes to cover the first or latter 18 numbers. The zero is not covered by these bets. NEIGHBOUR & SPECIAL BETS Click the NEIGHBOUR & SPECIAL BETS button to view a list of special bets as well as the racetrack , which facilitates the placement of neighbour bets and special bets. Re-click the button to close/re-open this feature. It will close automatically when betting time has expired. ROULETTE RACETRACK Use the racetrack-shaped betting area to more easily place traditional special bets and neighbour bets. Each bet covers a different set of numbers. Payouts on the different bets vary. Voisins du Zero This bet covers a total of seventeen numbers that include 22, 25 and the numbers that lie between them on the side of the roulette wheel that contains zero. 9 chips are placed as follows: 2 chips on the 0/2/3 street 1 chip on the 4/7 split 1 chip on the 12/15 split 1 chip on the 18/21 split 1 chip on the 19/22 split 2 chips on the 25/26/28/29 corner 1 chip on the 32/35 split Tiers du Cylindre This bet covers a total of twelve numbers that include 27, 33 and the numbers that lie between them on the side of the roulette wheel opposite to zero. 6 chips are placed as follows: 1 chip on the 5/8 split 1 chip on the 10/11 split 1 chip on the 13/16 split 1 chip on the 23/24 split 1 chip on the 27/30 split 1 chip on the 33/36 split Orphelins a Cheval This bet covers a total of eight numbers on the two segments of the roulette wheel not covered by the voisins du zero and tiers du cylindre bets above. 5 chips are placed as follows: 1 chip on 1 (Straight Ip) 1 chip on the 6/9 split 1 chip on the 14/17 split 1 chip on the 17/20 split 1 chip on the 31/34 split A neighbour bet is a 5-chip bet that covers a particular number as well as the two numbers closest to that number, both to the right and left, on the roulette wheel. To place a neighbour bet, click a number on the racetrack . A chip will be placed on the clicked number and on the four closest neighbouring numbers. SPECIAL BETS LIST You can place any bet below by clicking on it directly from the list displayed next to the racetrack : Voisins du Zero – Same as bet described previously that can also be placed on the racetrack Tiers du Cylindre – Same as bet described previously that can also be placed on the racetrack Orphelins a Cheval – Same as bet described previously that can also be placed on the racetrack Orphelins en Plein – 8-chip bet covers 1+6+9+14+17+20+31+34, each with 1 chip Finale en plein 0 – 4-chip bet covers 0+10+20+30, each with 1 chip Finale en plein 1 – 4-chip bet covers 1+11+21+31, each with 1 chip Finale en plein 2 – 4-chip bet covers 2+12+22+32, each with 1 chip Finale en plein 3 – 4-chip bet covers 3+13+23+33, each with 1 chip Finale en plein 4 – 4-chip bet covers 4+14+24+34, each with 1 chip Finale en plein 5 – 4-chip bet covers 5+15+25+35, each with 1 chip Finale en plein 6 – 4-chip bet covers 6+16+26+36, each with 1 chip Finale en plein 7 – 3-chip bet covers 7+17+27, each with 1 chip Finale en plein 8 – 3-chip bet covers 8+18+28, each with 1 chip Finale en plein 9 – 3-chip bet covers 9+19+29, each with 1 chip Finale 0/3 – 4-chip bet covers 0/3+10/13+20/23+30/33, each with 1 chip Finale 1/4 – 4-chip bet covers 1/4+11/14+21/24+31/34, each with 1 chip Finale 2/5 – 4-chip bet covers 2/5+12/15+22/25+32/35, each with 1 chip Finale 3/6 – 4-chip bet covers 3/6+13/16+23/26+33/36, each with 1 chip When you mouse over any neighbour bet or special bet on the racetrack or on the list, the spots on the betting table where chips would be placed are highlighted. Simply click the bet to place your chips. FAVOURITE BETS The optional Favourite Bets feature allows you to save a preferred bet or combination of different types of bets for easier placement in future rounds at any roulette table. You can save and edit a list of up to 15 of your favourite bets under different names. Save a Favourite Bet To open the Favourite Bets menu, click the FAVOURITE BETS button. Re-click the button to close this feature. After you have placed a favourite bet or combination of bets on the roulette table, click the SAVE LAST BET link in the Favourite Bets menu. A default name for this bet will be suggested, but you are welcome to enter a more easily recognisable name. You can then save and add this bet to your list of favourite bets by clicking the SAVE button or by pressing “Enter” on your keyboard. Place a Favourite Bet When you wish to place a favourite bet during the betting phase of a roulette round, open the Favourite Bets menu to view a list of all bets you previously saved. They will be listed in chronological order, with the favourite bet you saved earliest listed first. You can hover your cursor over the name of any listed bet to see how chips will be placed on the roulette table accordingly. Click the name of each desired bet to place it. You can also multiply (double, triple, quadruple...) the amount of any favourite bet you have placed by clicking its name more than once. Rename or Delete a Favourite Bets When the Favourite Bets menu is open, you can click the EDIT button to delete or rename any listed bet. Rename any listed bet by first clicking within the grey text box that surrounds its current name. You can then enter a new name and save it by clicking the SAVE button or by pressing “Enter” on your keyboard. Delete any bet you no longer wish to keep in your list of favourite bets by clicking its respective DELETE button. When you are finished editing your list of favourite bets, click the SAVE button in the top right corner of the Favourite Bets menu or click the FAVOURITE BETS button. PAYOUTS Your payout depends on the type of placed bet. BET TYPE COVERS PAYOUT Straight Up 1 Number 35:1 Split 2 Numbers 17:1 Street 3 Numbers 11:1 Corner 4 Numbers 8:1 Line 6 Numbers 5:1 Column/Dozen 12 Numbers 2:1 Red/Black 18 Numbers 1:1 Even/Odd 18 Numbers 1:1 1-18/19-36 18 Numbers 1:1 Malfunction Voids All Pays and Play. RETURN TO PLAYER The optimal theoretical percentage payout for Roulette is 97.30%. JOINING THE GAME Each available game table is displayed in the LIVE GAMES MENU . Table name and bet limits are shown underneath the table icon. When you mouse over table icon, the dealer name and name photo is displayed, with the recent results and the list of all players at the table. To join a specific table, simply click the icon for that table. BET PLACEMENT The BET LIMITS shows the minimum and maximum stakes permitted. Click/mouse over BET LIMITS to view the limits and payouts for different types of bets. You will be notified on screen if you attempt to place a bet that exceeds the limit for that bet. If you place a bet that is lower than the minimum limit, your bet will be rejected when the betting period is over. If you place several bets and only part of them are below minimum limit, then bets within limit will be accepted, but below limit – rejected. To participate in the game, you must have sufficient funds to cover your bets. You can see your current BALANCE on your screen. The TRAFFIC LIGHTS will inform you of the game status. These traffic lights inform you when you can bet (GREEN light), when the betting time is nearly over (YELLOW light) and when the betting time has finished (RED light). The CHIP DISPLAY is where you can select the value of each chip you wish to bet with. Select the chip you wish to bet from the chip display and mouse over the betting table, the numbers that would be included if you bet on that spot turn opaque. Click the desired betting area to place a bet. You can continue to add to the amount of any bet in the same fashion. Only chips of denominations that can be covered by your current balance are enabled. The CHIP DISPLAY will only be illuminated and usable whilst betting time is in the GREEN or YELLOW state. Once bets are closed (RED light) then the chips are turned off and cannot be selected. The REPEAT button allows you to repeat the same bet(s) from the previous game. Once you have clicked REPEAT, the button will change to DOUBLE (2X), allowing you to double the bet from the previous game. The UNDO button, when clicked, will remove the last bet placed. By repeatedly clicking the UNDO button, it will remove bets one by one in the reverse order they were placed. This will only happen during GREEN or YELLOW betting time. Once bets are closed (RED LIGHT) you will not be able to cancel bets. The TOTAL BET indicator shows the total of all bets made for the current game. When ball has landed on the wheel, the winning number is displayed in the traffic light, highlighted on the game table and announced by the dealer. If any of your bets cover the winning number you will receive winning returns in accordance with the bet types pay table. CHAT If the chat box is not already shown in full display, you can use the chat button to enlarge it: GAME VIEWS You can use the CAMERA button to toggle between different ways of viewing of the game. Use this button at any time to switch to the view you prefer without affecting your bets in any way. FULL SCREEN Click the FULL SCREEN button to view the game in full-screen mode. To exit full-screen mode, you can re-click the FULL SCREEN button or press ESC on your keyboard. You can read chat messages from others while in full-screen mode, but you can send messages to others only if you have Adobe Flash Player 11.3 or a later version. WINNING NUMBERS The WINNING NUMBERS display shows the most recent winning numbers. The result of the most recently completed round is listed on the left. Black numbers appear in yellow, and red numbers appear in red. Clicking on the STATISTICS button shows you the last 500 spins and the relevant results in a graphical way. GAME NUMBER Each game round is identified by a unique GAME NUMBER . This number reflects when the round began in terms of GMT by hour: minute: second. Please use this game number for reference (or take a screenshot of the game number) if you wish to contact Customer Service regarding a particular round. SOUND The SOUND button will turn off/on all game sounds and voice from the game. Note if you change table then it will automatically un-mute. GAME HISTORY The HISTORY button will launch a window showing all the live games you have played and the results of those games. The round completed most recently appears at the top of the list. SETTINGS The SETTINGS button launches a menu of user changeable settings. It is possible to change the video quality, as well as hide/unhide other players’ chat. DEPOSIT & WITHDRAW The CASHIER button will pop up the cashier/banking screen for deposits and withdrawals. RESPONSIBLE GAMING The RESPONSIBLE GAMING button allows you to access the page outlining the Responsible Gaming policy. This page provides useful information and links about the correct behaviour for online gaming and guides you on how to set limitations to your game sessions. ERROR HANDLING A spin is declared invalid when there is any irregularity in the dealer’s spin or malfunction of the roulette wheel. The ball must make at least 3 full rotations around the wheel before it falls into the pockets on the wheel or else it will be declared void. If there is any error in the game, gambling system or game procedure, the game round will be temporarily paused while the dealer notifies the shift manager. Players will be notified via Chat, or by an on-screen pop-up message, to highlight that the issue is being investigated. If the manager can immediately resolve the error, the game round will continue as normal. If immediate resolution is not possible, the game round will be cancelled and initial bets will be refunded to all players who participated in the game round. MORE GAMES The LIVE GAMES MENU button can be selected at any time from any game. It allows you to easily change Roulette table or select any other live game. You will not be removed from this table until you have actually selected the new table you wish to join, so the LIVE GAMES MENU can be used to browse other games whilst still playing at this current table. MULTI-GAME PLAY (if available) If you enjoy non-stop action, you can join up to 4 different game tables simultaneously and view them all in the same browser window! After you have joined at least one game table, click on LIVE GAMES MENU to go to the lobby. In the lobby, hover your cursor over the table you would like to join and click the + button associated with that table to join it. (Certain tables may be unavailable for multi-game play and will therefore display no + button.) After you have joined multiple tables, you will be able to resize your browser window as a whole, but you will not be able to resize each game table window separately. You can exit any table without affecting your presence at other tables you have joined. To exit a table, click the X button that appears when you hover your cursor over the table window. Please note: The X button to exit a table is not accessible when the table is displayed in full-screen mode. You will exit a table automatically if you should join the same table through a different device/browser. If you click directly on a table icon instead of the + button, you will merely switch tables instead of joining the chosen table in addition to the table you joined previously. We kindly advise you to join only as many tables as your screen can accommodate while still allowing you to place bets deliberately and accurately. Last modification date: 6/29/2017