Three Card Poker Game Rules In Three Card Poker , your goal is to beat the dealer with a better three-card hand. Place an Ante bet and an optional Pair Plus and 6 Card Bonus bets. You will receive three cards. The dealer’s three cards are dealt face down. If you feel confident in your hand, click PLAY to place a Play bet equivalent to your Ante bet. Otherwise, click FOLD. Winning Hands Three Card Poker is played with one standard 52 card deck (Jokers are excluded). Cards are shuffled after each game round. Three card Straight has a higher value ranking than a three card Flush in Three Card Poker. That's simply because there are fewer ways to make a three card Straight than a three card Flush. The individual cards are ranked in descending order: Ace (high or low), King, Queen, Jack, 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3 and 2. An Ace can be the highest value card in a Straight of A, K, Q or the lowest value card in a Straight of 3, 2, A. If you and the dealer have hands of the same type, the one that includes the card of highest value wins (e.g. three Kings beats three Queens; a flush of Q, J, 10 beats a flush of 10, 9, 8). When you and the dealer tie, the next highest card that is not part of the paying hand, known as the ‘Kicker’, determines the winner. Winning hands for Three Card Poker: Mini Royal is a suited Ace, King and Queen. Straight Flush is a hand that contains three cards in sequence, all of the same uit, for example: King, Queen, Jack, all Diamonds. Three of a Kind is a hand that contains three cards of the same rank. For example, a player having three Kings in their hand would have Three of a Kind. Higher-valued Three of a Kind defeat lower-valued Three of a Kind. Straight is a hand that contains three cards of sequential rank in at least two different suits, e.g. Nine, Eight, Seven in two or more suits. Two straights are ranked by comparing the highest card of each. Two straights with the same high card are of equal value, as suits are not used to separate them. Flush is a hand where all three cards are of the same suit, but not in a sequence, e.g. three cards that are all Clubs. Two flushes are compared as if they were high card hands; the highest ranking card of each is compared to determine the winner. If both hands have the same highest card, then the second-highest ranking card is compared, and so on until a difference is found. Pair is a hand that contains two cards of one rank (e.g. two Kings), plus one card which are not of this rank or the same as each other. Higher ranking pairs defeat lower ranking pairs. If two hands have the same pair, the Kickers are compared in descending order to determine the winner. High Card is a poker hand made of any three cards not meeting any of the above requirements. Essentially, no hand is made, and the only thing of any meaning in the player's hand is their highest card. Winning hands for 6 Card Bonus: Royal Flush is a straight flush involving the Ace, King, Queen, Jack and 10 all in the same suit. Straight Flush is a hand that contains five cards in sequence, all of the same suit, for example: Nine, Eight, Seven, Six and Five, all Hearts. Four of a Kind is a hand that contains all four cards of one rank and any other card. For example, four Aces in your hand would be Four of a Kind. Quads with higher ranking cards defeat lower ranking ones. Full House is a hand that contains three matching cards of one rank and two matching cards of another rank, e.g. three Kings and two Sixes. Between two full houses, the one with the higher ranking three cards wins. Flush is a hand where all five cards are of the same suit, but not in a sequence, e.g. five cards that are all Clubs. Two flushes are compared as if they were high card hands; the highest ranking card of each is compared to determine the winner. If both hands have the same highest card, then the second-highest ranking card is compared, and so on until a difference is found. Straight is a hand that contains five cards of sequential rank in at least two different suits, e.g. Nine, Eight, Seven, Six and Five in two or more suits. Two straights are ranked by comparing the highest card of each. Two straights with the same high card are of equal value, as suits are not used to separate them. Three of a Kind is a hand that contains three cards of the same rank, plus two cards which are not of this rank or the same as each other. For example, a player having three Kings in their hand would have Three of a Kind. Higher-valued Three of a Kind defeats lower-valued Three of a Kind. If two hands contain Three of a Kind of the same value, the Kickers are compared to break the tie. Game Outcomes The dealer must qualify with a Queen high or better. If the dealer does not qualify, your Play bet is returned and your Ante bet pays 1:1. If the dealer qualifies, your hand is compared to the dealer’s hand. The better hand wins the round! If you have the better hand, your Play and Ante bet pay 1:1. If the dealer has the better hand, you lose your Play and Ante bets. If the hands tie, the round is a push. Your Ante and Play bets are returned. If you place a Play bet and get a Straight Flush, Three of a Kind or Straight on your initial three cards, you win an Ante Bonus even if the dealer wins the round. If you place an optional Pair Plus bet, you win according to the paytable with a Pair or better on your three cards, even if you fold and the dealer wins the round. If you place an optional 6 Card Bonus bet, you win if your three cards plus the dealer’s three cards make a five-card poker hand of Three of a Kind or better. You win according to the paytable even if you fold and dealer wins the round. Payouts ANTE BONUS Hand Payout Straight Flush or higher 5:1 Three of a Kind 4:1 Straight 1:1 PAIR PLUS Hand Payout Mini Royal (AKQ suited) 100:1 Straight Flush 40:1 Three of a Kind 30:1 Straight 5:1 Flush 4:1 Pair 1:1 6 CARD BONUS Hand Payout Royal Flush 1,000:1 Straight Flush 200:1 Four of a Kind 100:1 Full House 20:1 Flush 15:1 Straight 10:1 Three of a Kind 7:1 Ante bet payout is 1:1. Play bet payout is 1:1. Malfunction voids all pays and play. Return to Player The optimal theoretical return-to-player percentage is: 96.63% - Ante bet 95.51% - Pair Plus bet 91.44% - 6 Card Bonus bet Place Bets The BET LIMITS panel displays the minimum and maximum stakes permitted on table in total. You will be notified on screen if you attempt to place a bet that exceeds the limit for that type of bet. If you place a bet that is less than the minimum limit, your bet will be rejected when betting time has expired. If you place several bets and only some of them are less than the minimum limit, only the bets that do not meet minimum requirements will be rejected. To participate in the game, you must have sufficient funds to cover your bets. You can see your current BALANCE on your screen. The TRAFFIC LIGHTS tell you the current status in the game round by informing you of when you can bet (GREEN light), when the betting time is nearly over (YELLOW light), and when betting time has expired (RED light). The CHIP DISPLAY allows you to select the value of each chip you wish to bet. Only chips of denominations that can be covered by your current balance will be enabled. This display will only be illuminated for use when betting time remains (the light is green or yellow). When betting time has expired (red light), the chip display is turned off so no additional chips can be selected. Once you have selected a chip, place your bet by simply clicking/tapping the betting spot on the game table labelled Ante or with the side bet you desire (if applicable). Each time you click/tap the betting spot, the amount of your bet will increase by the value of the selected chip. Each time you click/tap the betting spot, the amount of your bet will increase by the value of the selected chip. NOTE: Please do not minimize your browser or open any other tab in your browser while betting time remains and you have placed bets on the table. Such actions will be interpreted as leaving the game, and your bets will therefore be declined for that particular game round. The DOUBLE (2x) button allows you to quickly double your bet. This button is enabled after you have placed any bet. The DOUBLE (2x) button allows to Double the bet up to the maximum limit. You can double your bet only once. The REPEAT button allows you to repeat all bets from the previous game round. The UNDO button removes the last bet you placed. You can click/tap the UNDO button repeatedly to remove bets, one by one, in the reverse order of which they were placed. Note that bets can only be removed while betting time still remains (GREEN or YELLOW light). The TOTAL BET indicator displays the total amount of all bets placed in the current round. Make a Decision After your cards have been dealt, your card combination and the “MAKE YOUR DECISION” window will be displayed. Now you have to estimate your chances of winning and to decide whether to make a Play bet and continue playing, or Fold and surrender your Ante bet. If you have a winning Ante Bonus bet, you will receive a message "PLAY to collect your ANTE BONUS win!" beneath the PLAY/ FOLD decision pop-up window. You have to PLAY to receive your Ante Bonus bet payout! By clicking/tapping PLAY you will continue to play the game and place the Play bet. The Play bet will be placed automatically on the Play bet spot. By clicking/tapping FOLD you will lose all bets placed, but you will still see the remainder of the game played out, but you will not participate in the game. You will need to wait until next game round to place your bets. If decision time has expired and you have not yet made a decision to PLAY or FOLD, your hand will be automatically folded and you will lose all your bets. The betting-time indicator will display the message: AUTO FOLDED. Chat Use the CHAT button to enlarge or alternatively, to close the chat window. You can resize and move the chat window anywhere on your screen. Chat Tap the MENU button and then the CHAT button to launch a chat window that allows you to chat with the dealer and other players. Tap the enter field to open a virtual keyboard that allows you to type your message. The keyboard will disappear when the chat message is sent. Tap the MENU button again to close chat. The most recent chat messages are displayed beneath the betting grid. Game Number Each game round is identified by a unique GAME NUMBER . This number reflects when the round began in terms of GMT by hour: minute: second. Please use this game number for reference (or take a screenshot of the game number) if you wish to contact Customer Service regarding a particular round. Sound The SOUND button will mute/un-mute all game sounds and voice from the game. Note that if you change tables, the sound will automatically un-mute. You can alter your sound settings by clicking/tapping the SETTINGS button and then selecting the SOUND tab. Game History The HISTORY button will launch a window showing all live game rounds you have played and the results of those rounds. You can review your past gaming activity by viewing your: ACCOUNT HISTORY – Shows your complete account history as a list of dates, games, bet amounts and payouts. The game round completed most recently appears at the top of the list. GAME HISTORY – Shows your history related to a particular game once you tap/click the game in the GAME column. Settings The SETTINGS button launches a menu of user-changeable settings. Your chosen settings will be applied at once and will be stored to your profile. Stored settings will be launched automatically when you log in from any device. You can alter settings to change your general game settings. Settings are organised under several main tabs in the SETTINGS window: GENERAL You can hide/unhide other players’ chat messages. You can enable additional SIDE BETS. VIDEO Your video quality is auto-adjusted, but you can manually change your video quality by selecting specific stream. SOUND You can mute/unmute your DEALER’S VOICE and GAME SOUND and adjust their relative volumes. Deposit & Withdraw The CASHIER button on the bottom left of the screen will open the cashier/banking window for deposits and withdrawals. Responsible Gaming The RESPONSIBLE GAMING button allows you to access the page outlining the Responsible Gaming policy. This page provides useful information and links regarding responsible online gaming behaviour and informs you of how to set limitations to your game sessions. Error Handling If there is any error in the game, gambling system or game procedure, the game round will be temporarily paused while the dealer notifies the shift manager. You and other players will be notified via Chat, or by an on-screen pop-up message, that the issue is being investigated. If the manager can immediately resolve the error, the game round will continue as normal. If immediate resolution is not possible, the game round will be cancelled and initial bets will be refunded to all players who participated in the game round. More Games The LIVE LOBBY button (if applicable) can be selected at any time from any game. It allows you to easily change game table or select any other live game. You will not be removed from this table until you have actually selected the new table you wish to join. You can use the LIVE LOBBY to browse other games while still playing at your current table. Malfunction Voids all pays and plays. Shortcut Keys Shortcut keys can be used to quickly perform useful game functions. KEY FUNCTION Number Keys 1-6 Select the desired chip from the chip display. “1” corresponds to the leftmost chip with the lowest value and “6” to the rightmost chip with the highest value. SPACEBAR Repeat your most recent bet. Click SPACEBAR a second time to double your bet. CTRL+Z (CMD+Z) Undo your last bet. DELETE (Backspace) Undo your last bet. DELETE (Backspace)– hold 3 seconds Undo your last bet. Hold DELETE for 3 seconds to remove all your bets. ESC When applicable, the ESC can be used to: Exit full-screen mode, Close an open pop-up window (History, Help, Settings, etc.), Open the LIVE LOBBY. Last modification date: 3/13/2026