Rainbow Jackpot Megaways SPECIAL SYMBOLS AND FEATURES MEGAWAYS™ The number of possible win ways varies per spin according to the total number of individual symbols which land on the reels. Up to 7 symbols may land on each of the 6 reels, giving a maximum potential 117,649 MegaWays™ to win! CHAIN REACTION Symbols forming wins disappear, making way for new symbols to drop in that may form new wins. LUCKY LEPRECHAUN FEATURES The Lucky Leprechaun may randomly appear during a spin and blow his Lucky Pipe to trigger one of the following features: RANDOM TILES, MEGA RANDOM TILES, FREE SPINS, MEGA FREE SPINS, BEER BONUS, MEGA BEER BONUS or FAIRY BONUS. WILD The WILD can land on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 only. The WILD substitutes for all paying symbols and counts as the symbol which forms the highest winning combination on a single win way. RANDOM TILES When blowing his Lucky Pipe, the Lucky Leprechaun may reveal a WILD symbol or any other paying symbol excluding royals. When this happens, 3 or more couples of this symbol type will rain down and land on the reels from left to right. The paying symbols start landing from the leftmost reel, while WILDS start landing from the second reel. The Lucky Pipe may also reveal a MEGA version of these tiles. When this happens, 3 or more MEGA RANDOM TILES, covering an entire reel, will rain down and land on the reels in the same way as the regular RANDOM TILES. These MEGA RANDOM TILES hold a symbol MULTIPLIER of between x2 and x7. They count for as many symbols as the symbol MULTIPLIER displayed when participating in a win way. BEER BONUS Landing 3 or 4 BEER BONUS scatters on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 triggers the BEER BONUS or the MEGA BEER BONUS respectively. Alternatively, when blowing his Lucky Pipe, the Lucky Leprechaun may reveal 3 or 4 BEER BONUS scatters triggering the respective bonus round. At the start of the bonus rounds, 4 beer taps will appear on top of the middle reels. When the regular BEER BONUS is triggered the player has to pick one of the taps to be awarded its prize. When the MEGA BEER BONUS is triggered all 4 taps are awarded, without picking. The beer taps will then pour beer into the glasses on the reels, creating a random INSTANT CASH PRIZE in each glass. In the regular BEER BONUS only, the award from the picked tap is won, while in the MEGA BEER BONUS all 4 taps award their prize. The cash prizes represent a stake MULTIPLIER. The possible MULTIPLIERS in the regular BEER BONUS are 10x, 15x, 20x, 25x, 30x, 40x, 50x or 60x the current stake, while in the MEGA BEER BONUS the possible MULTIPLIERS are 50x, 60x, 70x, 80x, 90x, 100x, 150x, 200x, 250x, 300x, 400x, 500x or 1000x the current stake in total from all the glasses. FAIRY BONUS 3 or more FAIRY BONUS scatters landing anywhere on the reels trigger the FAIRY BONUS. Alternatively, when blowing his Lucky Pipe, the Lucky Leprechaun may reveal 3 or 4 FAIRY BONUS scatters triggering the bonus round. The FAIRY BONUS features 6 levels. The player starts from level 1. Landing 4, 5 or 6 FAIRY BONUS scatters guarantees that level 2, 3 or 4 of the bonus will be reached respectively. Each level of the FAIRY BONUS has 6 crystals to pick from. Picking a crystal reveals an INSTANT CASH PRIZE, representing a stake MULTIPLIER. 2 of the crystals on level 1 and 1 of the crystals on levels 2, 3, 4 and 5 may also reveal a level up arrow in addition to the cash prize. Revealing a level up arrow awards 1 more pick at the next level of the bonus. The possible MULTIPLIERS on each level are as follows: Level 1: 5x, 5x, 10x, 10x, 15x and 20x Level 2: 10x, 15x, 20x, 25x, 30x and 50x Level 3: 30x, 50x, 50x, 75x, 100x and 150x Level 4: 50x, 75x, 100x, 150x, 200x and 250x Level 5: 100x, 200x, 300x, 400x, 500x and 1000x Level 6: 500x, 750x, 1000x, 2000x, 3000x and 5000x FREE SPINS Landing 3 FREE SPINS scatters on reels 2, 3, 4 or 5 triggers FREE SPINS. Landing 4 FREE SPINS scatters on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 triggers MEGA FREE SPINS. Alternatively, when blowing his Lucky Pipe, the Lucky Leprechaun may reveal 3 or 4 FREE SPINS scatters triggering the respective bonus round. The bonus round features a rising win MULTIPLIER which increases by 1 for each winning type of symbol in a spin. The win MULTIPLIER starts from x1 in regular FREE SPINS and from x5 in MEGA FREE SPINS and applies to all wins. Each FREE SPINS symbol landing during the bonus round awards 1 additional spin. The Lucky Leprechaun may appear during FREE SPINS but his Lucky Pipe can only reveal RANDOM TILES or MEGA RANDOM TILES features. BEER BONUS scatters and FAIRY BONUS scatters may not land during the FREE SPINS. MAX WIN The maximum win amount is limited to 20,000x your current stake. If the total win of a game round reaches 20,000x the round immediately ends, the maximum win is awarded and in case there are remaining free spins they are forfeited. HOW TO PLAY RAINBOW JACKPOTS MEGAWAYS™ FEATURE BUY The feature starts automatically after your confirmation. If you refresh the game during the feature you will receive the end result. The Buy Feature is activated immediately after clicking the "buy" button. The cost of each feature is displayed in the Feature Buy pop-up and is based on the currently selected stake. Buying a feature does NOT contribute towards any Jackpots. Total Stake The Total Stake is the total of stakes per line. You can adjust it at any time, using the + or – buttons. Spin the Reels If you are playing on desktop, click the Spin button or press the spacebar to spin. Speed up each reel spin by pressing spacebar again, or by clicking on the reels. For TURBO SPIN, hold down the spacebar or the Spin button. Press the TURBO button to speed up the game! Autoplay Press the AUTO button to commence automatic play of the game at the currently selected stake. Select how many spins to play via the Total Spins Dropdown menu. More Autoplay settings Select the loss limit: The Autoplay will stop at the last spin before the loss limit is reached. The Аutoplay loss limit should be higher than your stake. Expand the AUTOPLAY dialog by choosing MORE AUTOPLAY SETTINGS. Here you can select additional criteria for the AUTOPLAY stop including - Stop if single win exceeds certain amount; Stop on Bonus Feature. Jackpot Game Win one of the offered jackpot tiers when three or more jackpot symbols appear on the reels or the jackpot is triggered by а game feature. Spin the jackpot wheel to determine which of the offered jackpot tiers will be won. The size of the segments on the jackpot wheel do not correlate to the odds of winning each jackpot tier represented. The chances of winning a jackpot increase in correlation with the size of the stake played. Jackpot prizes are not affected by any game features e.g. multipliers are never applied to jackpots. Тhe jackpot is triggered randomly and can be won by playing any of the linked jackpot games. To win the jackpot, the player is not required to make any decision other than to spin the reels. The stake value cannot be changed during free spins. Internet connectivity issues may cause delays in jackpot messages or updates, but they do not affect actual jackpot wins. It is not possible for two players to win the same jackpot. In the event two jackpot winnings occur close to one another the jackpot will be assigned in their respective order. Due to connectivity issues the jackpot value displayed may differ from the effective jackpot value. The jackpot could be temporary deactivated, when this occurs all contributions are paused. The jackpot amount available upon reactivation will be the same as before the deactivation. The rules for Jackpot discontinuation and Jackpot fund allocation are defined by each Operator at their own discretion. Progressive Jackpot The progressive jackpot is accumulated by all stakes on games offering these jackpots and, in some cases, the jackpots may be offered on multiple websites. A percentage of each total bet is added to a common pot. Part of this contribution is used to form the progressively increasing jackpot amounts, and the other part, contributes to a seed fund, which is the minimum amount of money guaranteed to be made available to players after a jackpot is won by qualifying players. Once the jackpot has been won, a new progressive jackpot will be made available and the process repeats. The jackpot can be triggered and won by a single spin from a single user only. The jackpot does not have a ceiling value. The odds of winning the jackpot increases with the size of the jackpot and can be won at any time. When the jackpot is won by another player, a notification appears in the jackpot panel. Once won, the amount is transferred directly to the user wallet, even if it is won during a bonus spin. Time Jackpot The time jackpot is a progressive jackpot which is guaranteed to pay out before a set date and time. The prize pot grows with the contributions from the stake of each spin on a jackpot game, and the closer the prize pot gets to the advertised guaranteed latest payout time, the greater the odds of winning it. Оdds increase up to 100% when the guaranteed latest payout time is reached. Once the jackpot has been won, a new time jackpot will be made available and the process repeats with a new deadline for the next guaranteed payout. The jackpot can be triggered and won by a single spin from a single user only. This jackpot does not have a ceiling but must be won before the date and time specified. When the jackpot is won by another player, a notification appears in the jackpot panel. Once won, the amount is transferred directly to the user wallet, even if it is won during a bonus spin. Dynamic Jackpot Allocation Only the first $2 of a stake is eligible to win the time jackpot. Stake amounts in excess of $2 are contributed directly to the progressive jackpot. Daily Drop (time) Current starting value is: $2,000.00, Next minimum starting value is: $2,000.00 Mega Drop (progressive) Current starting value is: $25,000.00, Next minimum starting value is: $25,000.00 General types of games Check the pays menu in the game paytable if you are not sure of the game type. The values related to each symbol, shown either on the slot scene or on the dedicated Symbol Wins pages of the Pays menu, represent stake multipliers and not credits. The prize value from one payline is equal to the total stake divided by the number of paylines, multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple win lines, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same payline, the largest win is paid. Each individual payline can pay only once per spin. Example: Total stake is 2. Total paylines are 20. Symbol multiplier for length of 5 is 300. The win for 1 payline with this symbol and length would be calculated as such: 2 / 20 * 300 = 30. The prize value from one payline in a Multiline game is equal to the stake multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple win lines, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same payline, the largest win is paid. Example: Stake is 2. Symbol multiplier for length of 5 is 20. The win for 1 payline with this symbol and length would be calculated as such: 2 * 20 = 40. The prize value from one way or cluster in a Ways or Winning Clusters game is equal to the stake multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple ways or clusters, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same way or cluster, the largest win is paid. Example: Total stake = 2. Symbol win multiplier = 2. Win = 2x2 = 4. If there is a Scatter Symbol in the game, all wins will be paid in addition to any other symbol wins occurring on the same spin. If you are playing a Scatter Pays game only the highest winning combination is paid per symbol. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. In case of an incomplete game round due to connection loss where the result has not yet occurred, the game will generate an outcome for the round, which will be shown upon restoring of connection and the result will be visible in the Game History after refreshing the game. In case of an incomplete game round due to connection loss where the result has occurred, but the player could not be informed of this fact, the game will inform the player of the outcome upon refreshing of the game and the result will be visible in the Game History. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The calculated max multiplier of the game is 20000. Minimum stake: $0.20 Maximum stake: $20 Last modification date: 9/16/2025