Jingle Ways Megaways SPECIAL SYMBOLS AND FEATURES Chain Reaction Symbols forming wins disappear, giving way for new symbols to drop in that may form new wins. SANTA'S GIFTS Santa may randomly appear on the slot scene and present a gift that awards a feature when opened by the player. If SANTA'S GIFT is triggered but not manually opened by the player after 2 minutes it will be automatically opened and the awarded feature will play out. Gifts may award MEGA WILDS, FESTIVE REELS, RAINING WILDS, MULTIPLIER BOOST or FREE SPINS. MEGA WILDS Substitute for all paying symbols. MEGA WILDS cover an entire reel and have a Ways Multiplier of up to x7! Up to 4 MEGA WILDS can land simultaneously and can only land on the middle four reels. FESTIVE REELS When activated, all low-paying symbols will be removed from the reels for the current spin meaning a guaranteed win. RAINING WILDS Substitute for all paying symbols. When activated, WILD symbols will randomly land on the reels for a guaranteed win. RAINING WILDS can only land on the middle four reels. MULTIPLIER BOOST The Multiplier Boost can only be awarded from SANTA'S GIFT during FREE SPINS. When opened, it adds a boost to the FREE SPINS Win Multiplier of up to x5. FREE SPINS SANTA'S GIFT may award 8 FREE SPINS. Additionally, 3 FREE SPINS Scatter symbols landing anywhere on the reels award 8 FREE SPINS. 2 further FREE SPINS are awarded for each additional Scatter over the 3 minimum required. During FREE SPINS, 3 Scatters trigger 3 additional BONUS SPINS with 1 additional BONUS SPIN being awarded for each Scatter over the 3 minimum required. A Win Multiplier is applied to all wins during FREE SPINS. Furthermore, it increases with every win up to x15 and stays active for the duration of the bonus round. SANTA'S GIFT may also instantly increase the Win Multiplier by up to x5. All features except FREE SPINS can be awarded from SANTA'S GIFT during the bonus round. HOW TO PLAY JINGLE WAYS MEGAWAYS™ Total Stake The Total Stake is the total of stakes per line. You can adjust it at any time, using the + or – buttons. Spin the Reels If you are playing on desktop, click the Spin button or press the spacebar to spin. Speed up each reel spin by pressing spacebar again, or by clicking on the reels. For TURBO SPIN, hold down the spacebar or the Spin button. Press the TURBO (fast_forward) button to speed up the game! Autoplay Press the AUTO button to commence automatic play of the game at the currently selected stake. Select how many spins to play via the Total Spins Dropdown menu. More Autoplay settings Select the loss limit: The Autoplay will stop at the last spin before the loss limit is reached. The Аutoplay loss limit should be higher than your stake. Expand the AUTOPLAY dialog by choosing MORE AUTOPLAY SETTINGS. Here you can select additional criteria for the AUTOPLAY stop including - Stop if single win exceeds certain amount; Stop on Bonus Feature. General types of games Check the pays menu in the game paytable if you are not sure of the game type. The values related to each symbol, shown either on the slot scene or on the dedicated Symbol Wins pages of the Pays menu, represent stake multipliers and not credits. The prize value from one payline is equal to the total stake divided by the number of paylines, multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple win lines, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same payline, the largest win is paid. Each individual payline can pay only once per spin. Example: Total stake is 2. Total paylines are 20. Symbol multiplier for length of 5 is 300. The win for 1 payline with this symbol and length would be calculated as such: 2 / 20 * 300 = 30. The prize value from one payline in a Multiline game is equal to the stake multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple win lines, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same payline, the largest win is paid. Example: Stake is 2. Symbol multiplier for length of 5 is 20. The win for 1 payline with this symbol and length would be calculated as such: 2 * 20 = 40. The prize value from one way or cluster in a Ways or Winning Clusters game is equal to the stake multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple ways or clusters, the total win values are summed. Example: Total stake = 2. Symbol win multiplier = 2. Win = 2x2 = 4. If there is a Scatter Symbol in the game, all wins will be paid in addition to any other symbol wins occurring on the same spin. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. RTP ≈ 92.66% The calculated max multiplier of the game is 10501.4. Minimum stake: $0.10 Maximum stake: $30 Last modification date: 11/9/2022