Piggy Riches Megaways SPECIAL SYMBOLS AND FEATURES MEGAWAYS™ Each spin awards a different ways to win combination depending on the total number of symbols which lands on the reels. Landing a maximum 7 symbols on each of the 6 reels offers a potential 117,649 MegaWays™ to win! CHAIN REACTION Symbols forming wins disappear, giving way for new symbols to drop in that may form new wins. MEGA WILDS Mega Wilds cover an entire reel and have a ways multiplier of up to x7. Up to 3 Mega Wilds may land on any spin. If more than one Mega Wild symbol makes up part of a win line, then the multiplier values combine - for example x3 * x3 = x9 - increasing the total win multiplier. Mega Wilds substitute for all paying symbols. FREE SPINS Three Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels trigger Free Spins. At the start of the feature the player spins a wheel which awards up to 22 FREE SPINS with a starting WIN MULTIPLIER of up to x10. Each win during FREE SPINS increases the WIN MULTIPLIER by +1 to boost the next win. The win multiplier does not reset for the duration of Free Spins. The win multiplier can reach a maximum value of 20x. Each Scatter symbol which lands during FREE SPINS awards one additional spin. HOW TO PLAY PIGGY RICHES™ MEGAWAYS™ Total Stake The Total Stake is the total of stakes per line. You can adjust it at any time, using the + or – buttons. Spin the Reels Click the Spin button to spin the reels. Speed up each reel spin by pressing spacebar again, or by clicking on the reels. For TURBO SPIN, hold down the spacebar or the Spin button. Press the TURBO ( fast_forward ) button to speed up the game! Autoplay Press the AUTO button to commence automatic play of the game at the currently selected stake. Select how many spins to play via the Total Spins Dropdown menu. More Autoplay settings Select the loss limit: The Autoplay will stop at the last spin before the loss limit is reached. The Аutoplay loss limit should be higher than your total stake. Expand the AUTOPLAY dialog by choosing MORE AUTOPLAY SETTINGS. Here you can select additional criteria for the AUTOPLAY stop including - Stop if single win exceeds certain amount; Stop on Bonus Feature. General types of games Check the pays menu in the game paytable if you are not sure of the game type. The values related to each symbol, shown either on the slot scene or on the dedicated Symbol Wins pages of the Pays menu, represent stake multipliers and not credits. The prize value from one payline is equal to the total stake divided by the number of paylines, multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple win lines, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same payline, the largest win is paid. Each individual payline can pay only once per spin. Example: Total stake is 2. Total paylines are 20. Symbol multiplier for length of 5 is 300. The win for 1 payline with this symbol and length would be calculated as such: 2 / 20 * 300 = 30. The prize value from one payline in a Multiline game is equal to the stake multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple win lines, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same payline, the largest win is paid. Example: Stake is 2. Symbol multiplier for length of 5 is 20. The win for 1 payline with this symbol and length would be calculated as such: 2 * 20 = 40. The prize value from one way or cluster in a Ways or Winning Clusters game is equal to the stake multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple ways or clusters, the total win values are summed. Example: Total stake = 2. Symbol win multiplier = 2. Win = 2x2 = 4. During the Free Spins bonus rounds, the game uses a different set of reel strips. If there is a Scatter Symbol in the game, all wins will be paid in addition to any other symbol wins occurring on the same spin. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. RTP ≈92.77% The calculated max multiplier of the game is 10481.4. Minimum stake: $0.10 Maximum stake: $30 Last modification date: 12/23/2021