Fa Fa Babies SPECIAL SYMBOLS AND FEATURES FORTUNE PRIZES At the start of the game four FORTUNE PRIZES will be visible with a set amount. Each FORTUNE PRIZE can increase by a specific amount up to a set maximum amount. Only one FORTUNE PRIZE can be won from a single FORTUNE BONUS. BIG FORTUNE starts at 25x and can increase up to a maximum of 38x. Upon winning the BIG FORTUNE the value will reset to 18x. LUCKY COINS can increase the prize by 0.1x, 0.2x or 0.3x during the normal game and by 1x, 2x or 3x during FREE SPINS. SUPER FORTUNE starts at 50x and can increase up to a maximum of 138x. Upon winning the SUPER FORTUNE the value will reset to 38x. LUCKY COINS can increase the prize by 0.1x, 0.2x, 0.3x, 0.4x or 0.5x during the normal game and by 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x or 5x during FREE SPINS. MEGA FORTUNE starts at 200x and can increase up to a maximum of 388x. Upon winning the MEGA FORTUNE the value will reset to 188x. LUCKY COINS can increase the prize by 0.2x, 0.4x, 0.6x, 0.8x or 1x during the normal game and by 2x, 4x, 6x, 8x or 10x during FREE SPINS. DIVINE FORTUNE starts at 888x and can increase up to a maximum of 1888x. Upon winning the DIVINE FORTUNE the value will reset to 888x. LUCKY COINS can increase the prize by 0.5x, 1x, 1.5x, 2x or 2.5x during the normal game and by 5x, 10x, 15x, 20x or 25x during FREE SPINS. FORTUNE COINS FORTUNE COINS are only gathered from symbols participating in a win line. The game starts with 38 coins already in the pot on each stake. Gathering 138 coins triggers the FORTUNE BONUS. Gathering over that amount will trigger the bonus for 138 coins and the excess coins will roll over for the next FORTUNE BONUS. Triggering the FORTUNE BONUS with no excess amount of coins will reset the progress to 0. One random symbol type can appear with FORTUNE COINS. During FREE SPINS all symbols that appear have a FORTUNE COIN. WILD SYMBOLS Substitute for all paying symbols and always appear with a coin. FORTUNE BONUS When triggered the player can pick from 16 possible coins. Picking a coin will reveal the back of the coin which will have one of the four FORTUNE PRIZE colours. Picking three coins of the same colour will award the corresponding FORTUNE PRIZE. Each time the Bonus is triggered all coins will be randomly positioned. LUCKY ENVELOPE Each LUCKY ENVELOPE that lands on the reels will open to reveal a LUCKY COIN. Up to 10 LUCKY ENVELOPES can land in a single spin and each of them will reveal a random LUCKY COIN. There are four LUCKY COIN colours which increase the corresponding FORTUNE PRIZE with a corresponding amount. FREE SPINS Three FREE SPINS symbols on reels 1, 3 & 5 award 8 FREE SPINS. During FREE SPINS all symbols will appear with a FORTUNE COIN. The FORTUNE BONUS can be triggered during FREE SPINS. FREE SPINS symbols do not appear in FREE SPINS and thus no bonus spins will be awarded during the bonus round. HOW TO PLAY FA FA BABIES GAME PROGRESS Any progress features in the game, including symbols locked onto the reels which affect subsequent spins, are saved for your game at the stake level you are playing at. You can have different progress levels at different stakes on the same game, and move between them by changing the stake. If you are awarded free spins from a promotional campaign any progress in the main game including any locked symbols, will be saved and be available to continue playing at the same stake once the free spins have been completed. Please note that this stateful game saves its state forever. Total Stake The Total Stake is the total of stakes per line. You can adjust it at any time, using the + or – buttons. Spin the Reels If you are playing on desktop, click the Spin button or press the spacebar to spin. Speed up each reel spin by pressing spacebar again, or by clicking on the reels. For TURBO SPIN, hold down the spacebar or the Spin button. Press the TURBO (fast_forward) button to speed up the game! Autoplay Press the AUTO button to commence automatic play of the game at the currently selected stake. Select how many spins to play via the Total Spins Dropdown menu. More Autoplay settings Select the loss limit: The Autoplay will stop at the last spin before the loss limit is reached. The Аutoplay loss limit should be higher than your total stake. Expand the AUTOPLAY dialog by choosing MORE AUTOPLAY SETTINGS. Here you can select additional criteria for the AUTOPLAY stop including - Stop if single win exceeds certain amount; Stop on Bonus Feature. General types of games Check the pays menu in the game paytable if you are not sure of the game type. The values related to each symbol, shown either on the slot scene or on the dedicated Symbol Wins pages of the Pays menu, represent stake multipliers and not credits. The prize value from one payline is equal to the total stake divided by the number of paylines, multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple win lines, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same payline, the largest win is paid. Each individual payline can pay only once per spin. Example: Total stake is 2. Total paylines are 20. Symbol multiplier for length of 5 is 300. The win for 1 payline with this symbol and length would be calculated as such: 2 / 20 * 300 = 30. The prize value from one payline in a Multiline game is equal to the stake multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple win lines, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same payline, the largest win is paid. Example: Stake is 2. Symbol multiplier for length of 5 is 20. The win for 1 payline with this symbol and length would be calculated as such: 2 * 20 = 40. The prize value from one way or cluster in a Ways or Winning Clusters game is equal to the stake multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple ways or clusters, the total win values are summed. Example: Total stake = 2. Symbol win multiplier = 2. Win = 2x2 = 4. If there is a Scatter Symbol in the game, all wins will be paid in addition to any other symbol wins occurring on the same spin. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. RTP ≈ 93% The calculated max multiplier of the game is 2100. Minimum stake: $0.10 Maximum stake: $200 Last modification date: 2/1/2022