Jingle Bells SPECIAL SYMBOLS AND FEATURES Santa's Big Bonus The Bonus symbol is a scatter which may land on any reel. 3 or more Santa's Bonus symbols activate Santa's Big Bonus. Pick your gifts to win up to x800 your stake! Each gift you pick may award between 1 and 6 steps on the path bonus. The bonus game continues until a gift reveals the ""collect"" option in addition to steps in which case Santa moves by the number of steps awarded and collects the prize he lands on. The houses connected through a red ribbon are shortcuts and if Santa steps on any of them he immediately advances to the house at the far end of the ribbon. Free Spins 3 or more Free Spins scatters activate the Free Spins Bonus round. Only one scatter may land per reel, so up to 5 scatters may land together in a spin. At the start of Free spins pick between 3 bags to see what number of Free Spins Santa will award you with. The possible numbers are: 10,12,15,16,18,20. Those numbers are increased by 10 for each additionl scatter above the minimum 3 required to enter the bonus round. Raining Wilds Santa brings on the raining wilds! When this feature activates Santa will drop up to 8 wilds in normal game and between 3 and 7 in Free Spins. Wilds substitute for all paying symbols and count as the symbol which forms the highest paying combination on a single pay line. Winning Reels Santa jumps out to pimp those reels with some high-paying symbols. When this feature activates only high-paying symbols will land on the reels in the current spin. The high-paying symbols are the 5 symbols on the top row in the Symbol Wins paytable. Mega Wild Santa brings out the huge 3x3 Mega Wild. Christmas Tree The Christmas Tree multiplies your win in the current spin! The possible multipliers which may be awarded are: x3, x5, x6, x8, x9, x10, x12, x20. The multiplier resets after being applied. HOW TO PLAY JINGLE BELLS Total Stake The Total Stake is the total of stakes per line. You can adjust it at any time, using the + or – buttons. Spin the Reels If you are playing on desktop, click the Spin button or press the spacebar to spin. Speed up each reel spin by pressing spacebar again, or by clicking on the reels. For TURBO SPIN, hold down the spacebar or the Spin button. Autoplay Press the AUTO button to commence automatic play of the game at the currently selected stake. Select how many spins to play via the Total Spins Dropdown menu. More Autoplay settings Select the loss limit: The Autoplay will stop at the last spin before the loss limit is reached. The Аutoplay loss limit should be higher than your total stake. Expand the AUTOPLAY dialog by choosing MORE AUTOPLAY SETTINGS. Here you can select additional criteria for the AUTOPLAY stop including - Stop if single win exceeds certain amount; Stop on Bonus Feature. General types of games Check the pays menu in the game paytable if you are not sure of the game type. The values related to each symbol, shown either on the slot scene or on the dedicated Symbol Wins pages of the Pays menu, represent stake multipliers and not credits. The prize value from one payline is equal to the total stake divided by the number of paylines, multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple win lines, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same payline, the largest win is paid. Each individual payline can pay only once per spin. Example: Total stake is 2. Total paylines are 20. Symbol multiplier for length of 5 is 300. The win for 1 payline with this symbol and length would be calculated as such: 2 / 20 * 300 = 30. The prize value from one payline in a Multiline game is equal to the stake multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple win lines, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same payline, the largest win is paid. Example: Stake is 2. Symbol multiplier for length of 5 is 20. The win for 1 payline with this symbol and length would be calculated as such: 2 * 20 = 40. The prize value from one way or cluster in a Ways or Winning Clusters game is equal to the stake multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple ways or clusters, the total win values are summed. Example: Total stake = 2. Symbol win multiplier = 2. Win = 2x2 = 4. During the Free Spins bonus rounds, the game uses a different set of reel strips. If there is a Scatter Symbol in the game, all wins will be paid in addition to any other symbol wins occurring on the same spin. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. RTP ≈ 92.66% Minimum stake: $0.10 Maximum stake: $50. Last modification date: 12/15/2022