Big Rich Turkeys SPECIAL SYMBOLS AND FEATURES WILD SYMBOL The WILD symbol may land on reels 2, 3 and 4. It may be also revealed by the Mystery symbols on all 5 reels. The symbol substitutes for all paying symbols. MYSTERY SYMBOL Stacks of Mystery symbols may land on any of the reels. All Mystery symbols reveal one and the same paying symbol or WILD. Red, White and Blue Tokens may be revealed on top of some revealed symbols but no more than 1 token of a kind per spin. The token goes to the appropriate turkey and may make it bigger. The turkeys' sizes are not related to their features' probability of winning. TOKENS A Red token may also randomly increase the number of the FREE SPINS in the Red Turkey FREE SPINS counter with 1, 2 or 3 FREE SPINS. A Blue token may randomly increase the MAX MULTIPLIER in the Blue Turkey counter with +x1. The maximum value of Blue Turkey MAX MULTIPLIER counter in the base game is x10. A White token may randomly increase the value of 1 of the MINI, MINOR, MAXI or MAJOR prizes. The MINI with 0.5x, 1x, 1.5x, 2x, 2.5x, 3x, 4x or 5x the stake. MINOR with 1x, 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, 6x, 8x or 10x the stake. MAXI with 1.5x, 3x, 4.5x, 6x, 7.5x, 9x, 12x or 15x the stake. MAJOR with 2x, 4x, 6x, 8x, 10x, 12x, 16x or 20x the stake. FREE SPINS 1 or more tokens may also trigger FREE SPINS. The features appropriate to the tokens that triggered the FREE SPINS are active during the entire bonus round. Tokens cannot be revealed during the FREE SPINS. RED FEATURE If the Red Turkey feature is active during the FREE SPINS, the number of the FREE SPINS is set according the Red Turkey FREE SPINS counter. Otherwise the number of FREE SPINS is 8. The Red Turkey FREE SPINS counter is reset to 15 at the end of a FREE SPINS round with active Red Feature. BLUE FEATURE If the Blue Turkey feature is activе, a random MULTIPLIER is revealed each FREE SPIN. The MULTIPLIER may be from x1 to the Blue Turkey's MAX MULTIPLIER counter. The MULTIPLIER equal to the MAX MULTIPLIER counter is guaranteed in the last FREE SPIN. The random MULTIPLIER is only applied on the line wins. It does not influence any PRIZE wins. The Blue Turkey's MAX MULTIPLIER counter is reset to x2 at the end of a FREE SPINS round with active Blue Feature. WHITE FEATURE If the White Turkey feature is active, the Mystery symbols may reveal Star symbols during the FREE SPINS. Each Star symbol is related to 1 of the PRIZE levels – MEGA, GRAND, MAJOR, MAXI, MINOR or MINI. Each of the levels has a number of Star placeholders. 2 placeholders for MINI and 2 for MINOR. 3 placeholders for MAXI, 4 for MAJOR, 5 for GRAND, 6 for MEGA. All placeholders are empty at the start of FREE SPINS. Each revealed Star takes 1 placeholder of the appropriate prize level. When all placeholders of a level are full, the level's prize is awarded. The level's placeholders are emptied for new Stars and new wins, except the MEGA level. The MEGA level can be won only once per a FREE SPINS round. The values of the MAJOR, MAXI, MINOR or MINI prizes at the beginning of the feature are kept until the end of the feature. Each time the level is awarded, the player is paid that same amount. All prize levels are reset to their base values at the end of a FREE SPINS round with White Feature, whether they are won or not. The base level values are: MINI – 2.5x, MINOR – 5x, MAXI – 10x, MAJOR – 20x, GRAND – 1000x, MEGA – 20000x. HOW TO PLAY BIG RICH TURKEYS Game Progress Any progress features in the game, including symbols locked onto the reels that affect subsequent spins, are saved for your game at the stake level you are playing at. You can have different progress levels at different stakes on the same game, and move between them by changing the stake. If you are awarded free spins from a promotional campaign, any progress in the main game, including any locked symbols, will be saved and be available to continue playing at the same stake once the free spins have been completed. Please note that this stateful game saves its state forever. FEATURE BUY The feature starts automatically after your confirmation. If you refresh the game during the feature, you will receive the end result. The Buy Feature is activated immediately after clicking the "buy" button. The cost of each feature is displayed in the Feature Buy pop-up and is based on the currently selected stake. Buying a feature does NOT contribute towards any Jackpots. The calculated overall RTP in Feature Buy is 96.05%. Total Stake The Total Stake is the total of stakes per line. You can adjust it at any time using the + or – buttons. Spin the Reels If you are playing on desktop, click the Spin button or press the space bar to spin. Speed up each reel spin by pressing space bar again, or by clicking on the reels. For TURBO SPIN, hold down the space bar or the Spin button. Press the TURBO button to speed up the game! Autoplay Press the AUTO button to commence automatic play of the game at the currently selected stake. Select how many spins to play via the Total Spins Dropdown menu. More Autoplay settings Select the loss limit: The Autoplay will stop at the last spin before the loss limit is reached. The Аutoplay loss limit should be higher than your stake. Expand the AUTOPLAY dialog by choosing MORE AUTOPLAY SETTINGS. Here you can select additional criteria for the AUTOPLAY stop including - Stop if single win exceeds certain amount; Stop on Bonus Feature. Jackpot Game Win one of the offered jackpot tiers when the jackpot is triggered by а game feature. Spin the jackpot wheel to determine which of the offered jackpot tiers will be won. The size of the segments on the jackpot wheel do not correlate to the odds of winning each jackpot tier represented. The chances of winning a jackpot increase in correlation with the size of the stake played. Jackpot prizes are not affected by any game features e.g. multipliers are never applied to jackpots. Тhe jackpot is triggered randomly and can be won by playing any of the linked jackpot games. To win the jackpot, the player is not required to make any decision other than to spin the reels. The stake value cannot be changed during free spins. Internet connectivity issues may cause delays in jackpot messages or updates, but they do not affect actual jackpot wins. It is not possible for two players to win the same jackpot. In the event two jackpot winnings occur close to one another the jackpot will be assigned in their respective order. Due to connectivity issues the jackpot value displayed may differ from the effective jackpot value. The jackpot could be temporary deactivated, when this occurs all contributions are paused. The jackpot amount available upon reactivation will be the same as before the deactivation. The rules for Jackpot discontinuation and Jackpot fund allocation are defined by each Operator at their own discretion. Progressive Jackpot The progressive jackpot is accumulated by all stakes on games offering these jackpots and, in some cases, the jackpots may be offered on multiple websites. A percentage of each total bet is added to a common pot. Part of this contribution is used to form the progressively increasing jackpot amounts, and the other part contributes to a seed fund, which is the minimum amount of money guaranteed to be made available to players after a jackpot is won by qualifying players. Once the jackpot has been won, a new progressive jackpot will be made available and the process repeats. The jackpot can be triggered and won by a single spin from a single user only. The jackpot does not have a ceiling value. The odds of winning the jackpot increases with the size of the jackpot and can be won at any time. When the jackpot is won by another player, a notification appears in the jackpot panel. Once won, the amount is transferred directly to the user wallet, even if it is won during a bonus spin. Time Jackpot The time jackpot is a progressive jackpot that is guaranteed to pay out before a set date and time. The prize pot grows with the contributions from the stake of each spin on a jackpot game, and the closer the prize pot gets to the advertised guaranteed latest payout time, the greater the odds of winning it. Оdds increase up to 100% when the guaranteed latest payout time is reached. Once the jackpot has been won, a new time jackpot will be made available and the process repeats with a new deadline for the next guaranteed payout. The jackpot can be triggered and won by a single spin from a single user only. This jackpot does not have a ceiling but must be won before the date and time specified. When the jackpot is won by another player, a notification appears in the jackpot panel. Once won, the amount is transferred directly to the user wallet, even if it is won during a bonus spin. Dynamic Jackpot Allocation Only the first $2 of a stake is eligible to win the time jackpot. Stake amounts in excess of $2 are contributed directly to the progressive jackpot. Daily drop (time) Current starting value is: $1,500.00, Next minimum starting value is: $1,500.00 Mega drop (progressive) Current starting value is: $25,000.00, Next minimum starting value is: $25,000.00 General types of games Check the pays menu in the game paytable if you are not sure of the game type. The values related to each symbol, shown either on the slot scene or on the dedicated Symbol Wins pages of the Pays menu, represent stake multipliers and not credits. Winning combinations and payouts are made according to the Paytable. If you are playing a Lines game, the prize value from one payline is equal to the total stake multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the Paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple win lines, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same payline, the largest win is paid. Each individual payline can pay only once per spin. If you are playing a Ways or a Cluster game, the prize value from one way or winning cluster is equal to the payout advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple ways or clusters, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same way or cluster, the largest win is paid. If there is a Scatter Symbol in the game, all wins will be paid in addition to any other symbol wins occurring on the same spin. If you are playing a Scatter Pays game, only the highest winning combination is paid per symbol. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. In case of an incomplete game round due to connection loss where the result has not yet occurred, the game will generate an outcome for the round, which will be shown upon restoring of connection and the result will be visible in the Game History after refreshing the game. In case of an incomplete game round due to connection loss where the result has occurred, but the player could not be informed of this fact, the game will inform the player of the outcome upon refreshing of the game and the result will be visible in the Game History. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The RTP is ≈ 93.07%, which includes base game RTP and jackpot contribution. Minimum stake: $0.10 Maximum stake: $15 Last modification date: 11/18/2025