Gifts of Fortune Introducing the game Gifts of Fortune is a 6 reel Megaways™ game with up to 117,649 ways to win. How to play Select your stake by clicking the left and right arrow buttons on the stake. The stake value is displayed in the stake display. All payouts are multiplied by the stake of each individual spin. Auto play To set up Auto play press the Auto button. This will display Auto play panel which the player can use to modify the number of spins, set a loss limit or set a win limit. When a loss limit has been set the player can select Start to commence auto play. When Auto play is on, the Play button will change to a Stop button. The remaining Auto plays will be displayed in the Stop button. The player can cancel Auto play by clicking the Stop button. Auto play will stop automatically if any of the limits set is reached or anything occurs that requires player intervention. Auto play may not be available in your jurisdiction. Start the spin Press the Play button to start the spin at the stake displayed. The reels will spin and then come to stop, displaying the result. Bonus Buy Press the Bonus Buy button to access the Bonus Buy menu. You may buy 10 Free Spins for 70 times the Free Spins Stake, or 10 Enhanced Free Spins for 200 times the Free Spins Stake. The Free Spins Stake can be changed by pressing the plus and minus buttons on the Free Spins Stake display. The Free Spins Stake will apply to each Free Spin. Press the price to buy the bonus for that price. The price will be deducted from your balance. Bonus Buy may be limited or unavailable in your jurisdiction. Win Exchange™ Whenever you win 80 times stake or more, you have the option to exchange 80 times your stake for 10 Free Spins. Press COLLECT to keep your win without performing an exchange. Press EXCHANGE to exchange 80 times your stake for 10 Free Spins. Whenever you win between 25 and 80 times stake, you have the option to exchange the entire win for the chance to be awarded 10 Free Spins. The chance of winning the gamble is shown in green on a wheel. Press COLLECT to keep your win without performing a gamble. Press GAMBLE to exchange your win and spin the wheel for a chance to be awarded 10 Free Spins. If the gamble is successful then 10 Free Spins are awarded. An unsuccessful gamble results in no Free Spins being awarded. Whenever Free Spins are awarded, either Enhanced Free Spins or regular Free Spins will be awarded, at random. The chance of winning Enhanced Free Spins is shown in purple on a second wheel. Win Exchange is not offered if the Free Spins have been triggered. Symbol Wins A win is matching consecutive symbols, regardless of height, from left to right starting from left most reel. Highest win paid per winning combination. All winning combinations are added together. See PAYS for further information. Reactions All winning symbols except Scatter and Wild Red Packet are part of a reaction and are replaced by symbols coming from above on the reels and from the right in the Extra Reel. Whenever winning symbols are removed, one or more Fortune Prizes will be shown. Fortune Prizes will be awarded for each Wild Red Packet in the Extra Reel. If no Wild Red Packets are above the reels, Fortune Prizes are not awarded. Fortune Prizes are multiplied by the displayed Pot Multiplier. Fortune Prizes Fortune Prize amounts are random, based on the number of visible symbols on the reel where it occurs: Two or three symbols: Up to 100 times stake amount. Four or five symbols: Up to 1.5 times stake amount. Six or seven symbols: Up to 0.75 times stake amount. Fortune Prizes do not occur in the Extra Reel. Wild Wild Red Packet occurs in the Extra Reel only and substitutes for all symbols except Scatters. After Fortune Prizes have been paid, any Wild Red Packet that is above reel 2 is removed, and any Wild Red Packet that is above reel 3, 4 or 5 moves at least one position to the left, either as part of the winning symbol reaction or by swapping positions with a symbol. Scatter There are two Scatters: The regular Scatter and the Megascatter. 3 or more Scatters in the base game award 10 Free Spins, plus 2 for each Scatter beyond the third. If one of the triggering Scatters is a Megascatter, Enhanced Free Spins are awarded. The stake that was used to trigger the Free Spins will be used for the Free Spins duration. At the end of the Free Spins, the total winnings for the spins will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited into the players account and regular play then resumes. In the base game, regular Scatters can appear in reels 1 to 5 and the Megascatter can appear in reel 6 only. Free Spins The Free Spins begin with a Pot Multiplier of x1, which increases by 1 for every Wild Red Packet that occurs. Fortune Prizes are multiplied by the displayed Pot Multiplier. 3 or more Scatters in the Free Spins award 4 additional Free Spins, plus 2 for each Scatter beyond the third. In the Free Spins, regular Scatters can appear in any of the six vertical reels and the Mega scatter does not occur. Enhanced Free Spins During Enhanced Free Spins, at least one Wild Red Packet is guaranteed to occur in every Free Spin. Return to Player (RTP) The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Values are calculated initially by dividing the total payouts by the total bets from a simulation of numerous game rounds. Values reflect the maximum expected RTP and do not change. The RTP is defined at different stages or modes of the game. Overall RTP: 96.29% Bonus Buy RTP: 96.29% General Information In the event of a non-responsive game or problem during a spin, the game will repeat the incomplete spin and display the result to the player when the game is next launched. Incomplete games will be automatically resolved after 30 minutes. Any winnings resulting from automatic resolve shall be paid to player's account. System malfunction voids all pays and plays Last modification date: 4/4/2023