NFT Megaways SPECIAL SYMBOLS AND FEATURES MEGAWAYS™ The number of possible win ways varies per spin according to the total number of individual symbols which land on the reels, with a maximum potential of 200,704 MegaWays™ to win! CHAIN REACTION Symbols forming wins disappear, giving way for new symbols to drop in that may form new wins. CRYPTO PUNKS BAR The Crypto Punks Bar is an extra row above the middle four reels. Any symbol can land on the Crypto Punks Bar. CRYPTO PUNKS The Crypto Punks are WILD symbols that may land only on the Crypto Punks Bar and substitute for all paying symbols. When a Crypto Punk lands on the Crypto Punks Bar and participates in a win with low-paying symbols, the Crypto Punk will collect them. This causes the Crypto Punk's multiplier to increase by 1x for each low-paying symbol collected. (e.g. a Crypto Punk participating in a win way with 4 low-paying symbols will increase its multiplier to 5x). This multiplier is applied to all wins in which the Crypto Punk participates for the duration of the current spin. When a Crypto Punk participates in a win only with high-paying symbols, the Crypto Punk will be destroyed. The Multiplier of the Crypto Punks can increase up to 30x and up to 2 Crypto Punks can land in the same spin. If two Crypto Punks participate in the same winning way, their multipliers are multiplied by each other. CRYPTO SPINS 3 Crypto Spins symbols anywhere on the reels trigger 10 Crypto Spins and +5 Crypto Spins for every additional Scatter. Up to 6 Crypto Spins symbols may land per spin for a potential maximum of 25 initial Crypto Spins. In Crypto Spins, the bonus spins are awarded the same way as in the normal game. Here, 3 Crypto Spins symbols award +5 bonus spins with another 5 for each additional symbol for a potential maximum of 20 bonus spins per spin. The Crypto Punk Мultiplier accumulated during Crypto Spins will only reset at the end of the bonus round. HOW TO PLAY NFT MEGAWAYS™ Total Stake The Total Stake is the total of stakes per line. You can adjust it at any time, using the + or – buttons. Spin the Reels If you are playing on desktop, click the Spin button or press the spacebar to spin. Speed up each reel spin by pressing spacebar again, or by clicking on the reels. For TURBO SPIN, hold down the spacebar or the Spin button. Autoplay Press the AUTO button to commence automatic play of the game at the currently selected stake. Select how many spins to play via the Total Spins Dropdown menu. More Autoplay settings Select the loss limit: The Autoplay will stop at the last spin before the loss limit is reached. The Аutoplay loss limit should be higher than your total stake. Expand the AUTOPLAY dialog by choosing MORE AUTOPLAY SETTINGS. Here you can select additional criteria for the AUTOPLAY stop including - Stop if single win exceeds certain amount; Stop on Bonus Feature. General types of games Check the pays menu in the game paytable if you are not sure of the game type. The values related to each symbol, shown either on the slot scene or on the dedicated Symbol Wins pages of the Pays menu, represent stake multipliers and not credits. The prize value from one payline is equal to the total stake divided by the number of paylines, multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple win lines, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same payline, the largest win is paid. Each individual payline can pay only once per spin. Example: Total stake is 2. Total paylines are 20. Symbol multiplier for length of 5 is 300. The win for 1 payline with this symbol and length would be calculated as such: 2 / 20 * 300 = 30. The prize value from one payline in a Multiline game is equal to the stake multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple win lines, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same payline, the largest win is paid. Example: Stake is 2. Symbol multiplier for length of 5 is 20. The win for 1 payline with this symbol and length would be calculated as such: 2 * 20 = 40. The prize value from one way or cluster in a Ways or Winning Clusters game is equal to the stake multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple ways or clusters, the total win values are summed. Example: Total stake = 2. Symbol win multiplier = 2. Win = 2x2 = 4. During the Free Spins bonus rounds, the game uses a different set of reel strips. If there is a Scatter Symbol in the game, all wins will be paid in addition to any other symbol wins occurring on the same spin. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. RTP ≈ 92.65% The calculated max multiplier of the game is 10499.6 Minimum stake: $0.10 Maximum stake: $30 Last modification date: 5/10/2022