Mayhem SPECIAL SYMBOLS AND FEATURES CASH QUEEN The CASH QUEEN is a 1x3 WILD SUPER SYMBOL that may land only on the middle reel and substitutes for all paying symbols. The CASH QUEEN is always fully visible when she lands. When she participates in a win line, the CASH QUEEN locks herself together with the winning symbols. After that a RESPIN is initiated and if more symbols of the locked type land in the next spin, the new symbols will lock as well and another RESPIN will occur. If initially there are win lines from different symbol types, all winning symbol types will lock for the RESPIN. During RESPINS win lines with symbols that are not locked cannot be formed. The RESPINS end if no additional symbols of the locked types land, after which the so far accumulated winnings are paid out and all locked symbols are unlocked. During ANARCHY SPINS the CASH QUEEN features a win MULTIPLIER. ANARCHY SPINS The ANARCHY SPINS symbol is a scatter. Three ANARCHY SPINS symbols on reels 1, 3 and 5 award 10 FREE SPINS. At the start of ANARCHY SPINS the CASH QUEEN locks on the middle reel for the duration of the bonus round. The CASH QUEEN feature is the same as in the normal game but after the first cycle of RESPINS she participates in, the CASH QUEEN will receive a MULTIPLIER of 2x and at the end of every subsequent cycle of RESPINS that MULTIPLIER is increased by 1. The MULTIPLIER is applied to all win lines during the bonus round and can grow up to 10x. The MULTIPLIER is only available during ANARCHY SPINS and is reset at the end of the bonus round. The RESPINS triggered by the CASH QUEEN do not count towards the FREE SPINS available in the bonus round. If any ANARCHY SPINS symbols land on the 1st or the 5th reel during the bonus round, they will each grant 1 EXTRA FREE SPIN. HOW TO PLAY MAYHEM Total Stake The Total Stake is the total of stakes per line. You can adjust it at any time, using the + or – buttons. Spin the Reels If you are playing on desktop, click the Spin button or press the spacebar to spin. Speed up each reel spin by pressing spacebar again, or by clicking on the reels. For TURBO SPIN, hold down the spacebar or the Spin button. Press the TURBO ( fast_forward ) button to speed up the game! Autoplay Press the AUTO button to commence automatic play of the game at the currently selected stake. Select how many spins to play via the Total Spins Dropdown menu. More Autoplay settings Select the loss limit: The Autoplay will stop at the last spin before the loss limit is reached. The Аutoplay loss limit should be higher than your stake. Expand the AUTOPLAY dialog by choosing MORE AUTOPLAY SETTINGS. Here you can select additional criteria for the AUTOPLAY stop including - Stop if single win exceeds certain amount; Stop on Bonus Feature. General types of games Check the pays menu in the game paytable if you are not sure of the game type. The values related to each symbol, shown either on the slot scene or on the dedicated Symbol Wins pages of the Pays menu, represent stake multipliers and not credits. The prize value from one payline is equal to the total stake ided by the number of paylines, multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple win lines, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same payline, the largest win is paid. Each inidual payline can pay only once per spin. Example: Total stake is 2. Total paylines are 20. Symbol multiplier for length of 5 is 300. The win for 1 payline with this symbol and length would be calculated as such: 2 / 20 * 300 = 30. The prize value from one payline in a Multiline game is equal to the stake multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple win lines, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same payline, the largest win is paid. Example: Stake is 2. Symbol multiplier for length of 5 is 20. The win for 1 payline with this symbol and length would be calculated as such: 2 * 20 = 40. The prize value from one way or cluster in a Ways or Winning Clusters game is equal to the stake multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple ways or clusters, the total win values are summed. Example: Total stake = 2. Symbol win multiplier = 2. Win = 2x2 = 4. If there is a Scatter Symbol in the game, all wins will be paid in addition to any other symbol wins occurring on the same spin. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. RTP ≈ 92.69% The calculated max multiplier of the game is 1200.1 . Minimum stake: $0.10 Maximum stake: $400 Last modification date: 1/10/2023