777 Strike SPECIAL SYMBOLS AND FEATURES 7th Heaven 3 Free Spins symbols on the 1st, 3rd and 5th reel trigger 7 Free Spins! On every 7th spin, there is a chance of a Free Spins retrigger for a total of up to 21 Free Spins! When RETRIGGERED the Free Spins mode UPGRADES for the chance of even BIGGER WINS! Free Spins In the base game, 3 Free Spins symbols on the 1st, 3rd and 5th reels trigger 7 Free Spins with a chance of WILDS! On the 7th spin there is a chance of a WIN SPINS RETRIGGER! Win Spins On the last spin of Free Spins, 3 Win Spins symbols on the 1st, 3rd and 5th reels trigger 7 Win Spins with a chance of WILDS! EVERY SPIN is a GUARANTEED WIN! On the 7th spin there is a chance of a WILD SPINS RETRIGGER! Wild Spins On the last spin of Win Spins, 3 Wild Spins symbols on the 1st, 3rd and 5th reels trigger 7 Wild Spins with a chance of WILDS! EVERY SPIN is a GUARANTEED WIN and WILDS LOCK for the duration of the bonus! About the Paytables Please note that the paytable above the reels represents the multiplier paid for hitting a single payline, while the paytable in our PAYS explainer pages titled SYMBOL WINS represents the total multiplier paid when applied to every single possible payline. For more information about how to calculate the prize value from the SYMBOL WINS paytable, please see below. HOW TO PLAY 777 STRIKE Total Stake The Total Stake is the total of stakes per line. You can adjust it at any time, using the + or – buttons. Spin the Reels Click the Spin button to spin the reels. Speed up each reel spin by pressing spacebar again, or by clicking on the reels. For TURBO SPIN, hold down the spacebar or the Spin button. Autoplay Press the AUTO button to commence automatic play of the game at the currently selected stake. Select how many spins to play via the Total Spins Dropdown menu. More Autoplay settings Select the loss limit: The Autoplay will stop at the last spin before the loss limit is reached. The Аutoplay loss limit should be higher than your total stake. Expand the AUTOPLAY dialog by choosing MORE AUTOPLAY SETTINGS. Here you can select additional criteria for the AUTOPLAY stop including - Stop if single win exceeds certain amount; Stop on Bonus Feature. General types of games Check the pays menu in the game paytable if you are not sure of the game type. The values related to each symbol, shown either on the slot scene or on the dedicated Symbol Wins pages of the Pays menu, represent stake multipliers and not credits. The prize value from one payline is equal to the total stake divided by the number of paylines, multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple win lines, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same payline, the largest win is paid. Each individual payline can pay only once per spin. Example: Total stake is 2. Total paylines are 20. Symbol multiplier for length of 5 is 300. The win for 1 payline with this symbol and length would be calculated as such: 2 / 20 * 300 = 30. The prize value from one payline in a Multiline game is equal to the stake multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple win lines, the total win values are summed. If more than one win occurs on the same payline, the largest win is paid. Example: Stake is 2. Symbol multiplier for length of 5 is 20. The win for 1 payline with this symbol and length would be calculated as such: 2 * 20 = 40. The prize value from one way or cluster in a Ways or Winning Clusters game is equal to the stake multiplied by the symbol multiplier advertised in the paytable. Where multiple wins occur on multiple ways or clusters, the total win values are summed. Example: Total stake = 2. Symbol win multiplier = 2. Win = 2x2 = 4. During the Free Spins bonus rounds, the game uses a different set of reel strips. If there is a Scatter Symbol in the game, all wins will be paid in addition to any other symbol wins occurring on the same spin. Please be aware that each account allows only a single game to be played at any one time. Therefore, a game should not be played on more than one device, or multiple games on the same device simultaneously. Doing so may lead to various errors. For the best gaming experience, use of the latest version of software is recommended. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. RTP ≈ 92.78%, The calculated max multiplier of the game is 2830.3. Minimum stake: $0.10 Maximum stake: $100 Last modification date: 8/19/2021