Max Megaways 2 Introducing the game Max Megaways 2 is a 6 reel Megaways™ game with up to 117,649 ways to win, featuring Big Time Gaming's unique Megascatter Enhanced Free Spins. How to play Select your stake by clicking the left and right arrow buttons on the stake. The stake value is displayed in the stake display. All payouts are multiplied by the stake of each individual spin. Auto play To set up Auto play press the Auto button. This will display Auto play panel which the player can use to modify the number of spins, set a loss limit or set a win limit. When a loss limit has been set the player can select Start to commence auto play. When Auto play is on, the Play button will change to a Stop button. The remaining Auto plays will be displayed in the Stop button. The player can cancel Auto play by clicking the Stop button. Auto play will stop automatically if any of the limits set is reached or anything occurs that requires player intervention. Auto play may not be available in your jurisdiction. Start the spin Press the Play button to start the spin at the stake displayed. The reels will spin and then come to stop, displaying the result. Bonus Buy Press the Bonus Buy button to access the Bonus Buy menu. You may buy 10 Free Spins for 75 times the Free Spins Stake, or 10 Enhanced Free Spins for 200 times the Free Spins Stake. The Free Spins Stake can be changed by pressing the plus and minus buttons on the Free Spins Stake display. The Free Spins Stake will apply to each Free Spin. Press the price to buy the bonus for that price. The price will be deducted from your balance. Bonus Buy may be limited or unavailable in your jurisdiction. Win Exchange™ Whenever you win 100 times stake or more, you have the option to exchange 100 times your stake for 10 Free Spins. Press COLLECT to keep your win without performing an exchange. Press EXCHANGE to exchange 100 times your stake for 10 Free Spins. Whenever you win between 25 and 100 times stake, you have the option to exchange the entire win for the chance to be awarded 10 Free Spins. The chance of winning the gamble is shown in green on a wheel. Press COLLECT to keep your win without performing a gamble. Press GAMBLE to exchange your win and spin the wheel for a chance to be awarded 10 Free Spins. If the gamble is successful then 10 Free Spins are awarded. An unsuccessful gamble results in no Free Spins being awarded. Whenever Free Spins are awarded, either Enhanced Free Spins or regular Free Spins will be awarded, at random. The chance of winning Enhanced Free Spins is shown in purple on a second wheel. Win Exchange is not offered if the Free Spins have been triggered. Symbol Wins A win is matching consecutive symbols, regardless of height, from left to right starting from left most reel. Highest win paid per winning combination. All winning combinations are added together. See PAYS for further information. Extra Reel The Extra Reel adds a symbol to the reel it is above for reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. Reactions All winning symbols, except Scatters, are part of a reaction and are replaced by symbols coming from above on the reels and from the right on the Extra Reel. Wild Wild substitutes for all symbols except Scatters and Multiplier Wild. Wild occurs in the Extra Reel only, except during the "Symbol to Wild" bonus. Base Game Bonuses In every base game spin and reaction there is a chance that a bonus will occur: Maximum Megaways: The spin is played with 7 symbols per reel. Multiplier Wild: A Multiplier Wild with a multiplier of up to x10 is added to the Extra Reel. All wins with a Multiplier Wild are multiplied by the displayed multiplier. Horizontal Wild: All symbols in the Extra Reel are replaced by Wilds. Symbol to Wild: A symbol is randomly selected, and all instances of the selected symbol on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 are replaced by Wilds. Any symbol on reel 2, 3, 4 or 5 may be selected, except Scatter and Wild. Scatter There are two Scatters: The regular Gold Scatter and the Diamond Megascatter. 3 or more Scatters in any position award 10 Free Spins, plus 2 for each Scatter beyond the third. If one of the triggering Scatters is a Megascatter, Enhanced Free Spins are awarded. In the base game, regular Scatters can appear on reels 1 to 5 and the Megascatter appears on reel 6 only. Free Spins Bonuses Choose 2 doors to reveal your Free Spins bonuses. When the Enhanced Free Spins are triggered, choose 3 doors to reveal your Free Spins bonuses. The available Free Spins bonuses are: Multiplier Boost: The win multiplier starts at x6. Symbol to Wild: A symbol is revealed. Any symbol may be revealed except Scatter and Wild. All instances of the revealed symbol on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5 are replaced by Wilds. Double Multiplier: The win multiplier starts at 2 and goes up by 2 after each reaction. With Multiplier Boost, win multiplier starts at x6. 2 Scatter Retrigger: 2 Scatters retrigger the Free Spins, awarding 5 extra Free Spins, plus 5 for each Scatter beyond the second. Increased Ways: At least 5 symbols will occur on every reel. Free Spins Free Spins are played with an unlimited win multiplier that starts at 1 and is increased by 1 after each reaction. The "Double Multiplier" bonus starts the win multiplier at 2 and increases it by 2 after each reaction. The "Multiplier Boost" bonus starts the win multiplier at 6. The stake that was used to trigger the Free Spins will be used for the Free Spins duration. At the end of the Free Spins, the total winnings for the spins will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited into the players account and regular play then resumes. Free Spins Scatter In the Free Spins, Scatter appears in the Extra Reel only. Megascatter does not appear. 3 Scatters retrigger the Free Spins, awarding 5 extra Free Spins, plus 5 for each Scatter beyond the third. The "2 Scatter Retrigger" bonus results in 2 Scatters retriggering the Free Spins. Return to Player (RTP) The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. Values are calculated initially by dividing the total payouts by the total bets from a simulation of numerous game rounds. Values reflect the maximum expected RTP and do not change. General Information In the event of a non-responsive game or problem during a spin, the game will repeat the incomplete spin and display the result to the player when the game is next launched. Incomplete games will be automatically resolved after 2 days. Any winnings resulting from automatic resolve shall be paid to player's account. System malfunction voids all pays and plays. Last modification date: 10/31/2023