NHL DreamCatcher Game Objective NHL Dream Catcher is a game of chance played using a large vertical wheel. The wheel is divided into 54 equal sectors separated by pins. 52 segments are marked with a number (1, 2, 5, 10, 20 and 40). The other two sectors – 2x multiplier and 7x multiplier – act as bonus spins and multiply your winnings if you win on the next spin. The objective of Dream Catcher is to predict at which of the numbered sectors the wheel will stop after spinning. Game Rules Place your bet on a number you believe the wheel will stop at: 1, 2, 5, 10, 20 or 40. After you have placed your bets, click/tap the SPIN button to start spinning the wheel. After the wheel comes to a stop, the winning sector will be indicated by a pointer at the top of the wheel. If the wheel stops at the numbered sector you have placed your bet on, you win. All bets are paid with the odds matching the number in the winning sector: e.g. winning number 5 pays 5 to 1, winning number 10 pays 10 to 1, and so on. The bet placed on the winning sector is returned together with your winnings. Multipliers 2x and 7x If the wheel stops at one of the multiplier sectors marked as 2x or 7x, all your bets remain in place and no new bets are allowed. Click/tap the SPIN button to spin the wheel again and the outcome of the spin (1, 2, 5, 10, 20 or 40) will determine the winning odds as usual but the odds will be multiplied twice or seven times over, depending on which multiplier the wheel stopped at in the previous spin. If the SPIN button is not clicked/tapped within 5 seconds, the wheel will be spun automatically until it stops at any of the numbered sectors. If the wheel stops on a multiplier sector two or more times in a row, then all bets remain in place, and the multipliers stack: i.e. the multiplied payout from the last spin is multiplied again! The wheel is spun again automatically until it stops at any of the numbered sectors: 1, 2, 5, 10, 20 or 40. (For example, the wheel stops on 2x, then on the next spin it stops on 7x, and on the next spin on number 5. The outcome for the player who originally placed a bet on number 5, is: (5 to 1) x 2 x 7 = 70 to 1. Consecutive multipliers are unlimited subject to a default maximum win displayed in the Bet Limits panel. Payouts Number on Wheel Number of Segments Pays 1 23 1 to 1 2 15 2 to 1 5 7 5 to 1 10 4 10 to 1 20 2 20 to 1 40 1 40 to 1 2x 1 Multiplies the payout of the next winning number by 2x 7x 1 Multiplies the payout of the next winning number by 7x Maximum payout for your all winnings within a game round is limited. For details see the Bet Limit table. Please note that any malfunction voids the game round and all eventual payouts for the round. Return to Player The optimal theoretical return-to-player (RTP) percentage is 95.65% (89.88% - 95.65%). RTP based on optimal strategy for betting on number 10. Place Bets The BET LIMITS panel shows the minimum and maximum allowed bet limits at the table, which may change from time to time. Open the Bet Limits to check your current limits. NHL Dream Catcher $ 1 - 5,000 To participate in the game, you must have sufficient funds to cover your bets. You can see your current BALANCE on your screen. The CHIP DISPLAY allows you to select the value of each chip you wish to bet. Only chips of denominations that can be covered by your current balance will be enabled. Once you have selected a chip, place your bet by simply clicking/tapping the appropriate betting spot on the game table. Each time you click/tap the betting spot, the amount of your bet increases by the value of the selected chip or up to the maximum limit for the type of bet you have selected. Once you have bet the maximum limit, no additional funds will be accepted for that bet, and a message will appear above your bet to notify you that you have bet the maximum. You can also click/tap the BET ON ALL button which allows you to place a bet on all bet spots. The value of your selected chip will be placed on all bet spots simultaneously. After you have placed a valid bet, click/tap the SPIN button to start spinning the wheel. To speed up the spin of the wheel and find out the result faster you can stop the wheel by clicking/tapping the STOP button. While playing, player is able to see the game from different views. Camera position is changing according to chosen speed mode. Player is able to choose the spin mode using special Speed button which opens speed modes menu. The following spin modes are available: Fast Fastest mode, where camera is not moving, all game elements are static. Default speed mode, what means that it will be enabled before player will decide to change speed mode. Normal Classic game speed mode with naturally spinning wheel and table animations. Relax Slow game speed mode with all game animations and camera movements. The REBET button allows you to repeat all bets from the previous game round. This button is available only before the first chip is placed. The DOUBLE (2x) button becomes available after you have placed any bet. Each click/tap doubles all your bets up to the maximum limit. Note that you must have a sufficient account balance to double ALL your placed bets. The UNDO button removes the last bet you placed. You can click/tap the UNDO button repeatedly to remove bets, one by one, in the reverse order of which they were placed. You can clear all your bets by holding the UNDO button. Note that bets can only be removed before the SPIN button has been clicked/tapped. The TOTAL BET indicator displays the total amount of all bets placed in the current round. Sound The SOUND button will mute/unmute all game sounds and voice from the game. Note that if you change tables, the sound will automatically unmute. You can alter your sound settings by clicking/tapping the SETTINGS button. Game History The HISTORY button will launch a window showing all game rounds you have played and the results of those rounds. You can review your past gaming activity by viewing your: ACCOUNT HISTORY – Shows your complete account history as a list of dates, games, bet amounts and payouts. The game round completed most recently appears at the top of the list. GAME HISTORY – Shows your history related to a particular game once you click/tap the game in the GAME column. Deposit and Withdraw The CASHIER button will open the cashier/banking window for deposits and withdrawals. Responsible Gaming The RESPONSIBLE GAMING button allows you to access the page outlining the Responsible Gaming policy. This page provides useful information and links regarding responsible online gaming behaviour and how to set limitations to your game sessions. Disconnection Policy Should disconnection occur after a bet is placed but before the Spin button is clicked/tapped, your bet will be returned. If disconnection occurs after a bet is placed and the Spin button is clicked/tapped, the game’s result will be decided by the game’s random number generator. After reconnecting you will be able to see the game outcome in the History window. More Games The Go LIVE button can be selected at any time. Clicking/tapping the Go LIVE button will take you directly to the Live Dream Catcher table. Shortcut Keys Shortcut keys can be used to quickly perform useful game functions. KEY FUNCTION Number Keys from 1 onwards Select the desired chip from the chip display. Key “1” corresponds to the leftmost chip with the lowest value. Key “2” selects the next highest value chip, and so on. SPACEBAR Repeat your most recent bet. Click SPACEBAR a second time to start the game. CTRL+Z (CMD+Z), DELETE, BACKSPACE Undo your last bet. Hold for 3 seconds to remove all your bets. ESC When applicable, the ESC key can be used to: Exit full-screen mode Close an open pop-up window (History, Help, Settings, etc.) Last modification date: 9/27/2022