Loot’EnKhamun Game Objective: Loot’EnKhamun is a five-reel, no paylines and ‘All Ways’ slot game with 243 possible ways to win in the main game and 1024 Ways to win in freespins. Symbols pay from left to right in consecutive combinations (Ways) including reel 1. The scattered hieroglyphic symbols do not pay. There are five different “hieroglyphics” scatter symbols; one for each reel. As a scatter symbol lands the small replica hieroglyphic to the left of the reels highlight. When any three of the hieroglyphic scatter symbols appear anywhere in view the The Loot’en-Khamun Free Spins game is triggered. The free spins feature cannot be retriggered within free spins. Loot’EnKhamun Logo wild symbol substitutes for all other symbols except scattered hieroglyphic symbols and appears on reels 1,2,3 and 4 only on base game. The BigOne Jackpot: The BigOne Jackpot consists of five jackpots at different levels; the levels are - from the lowest to the highest - Blitz Cash Jackpot, Quick Cash Jackpot, Super Cash Jackpot, Mega Cash Jackpot, and Colossal Cash Jackpot. All five jackpots grow progressively as bets are made. For each spin, the house adds a small credit to each of the five running jackpots. All five levels in The BigOne Jackpot can be won irrespective of hitting any winning combination, while betting any amount. Jackpot is triggered randomly. The larger the bet, the more the chance to win a jackpot. Free spins cannot trigger jackpots.If there is a jackpot which has triggered during the base game which also triggers Free Spins, then the jackpot feature is played and shown after the Free spins feature play. top Game Information: The minimum bet amount is €0.20 EUR and the maximum bet amount is €500 EUR. top How to play Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default total bet of EUR 5 is set. You can choose to increase or decrease the total bet by using the ◄ and ► buttons available to the left & right of the 'TOTAL BET' indicator on the game screen respectively. If your game balance drops below your total bet placed, bet will not get adjusted to the next possible bet instead Re-buy window will appear. If you have no funds in your account, the deposit option will pop up. Max Bet: To play with a total bet of EUR 500, click on 'MAX BET'. If your game balance is not sufficient, this option is disabled. The total bet amount is displayed in the 'TOTAL BET' meter, which is located at the bottom right of the game screen between spin and max bet buttons. 'PAYTABLE': The 'PAYTABLE' screen can be viewed by clicking on the 'PAYTABLE' button located to the right of 'TOTAL CREDITS' meter. You can go back to the game by clicking on the 'Back To Main' button. WIN AMOUNT CALCULATION: Winning symbol combinations may occur from left to right in All possible Ways on consecutive reels except scatter.. Only the highest paying combination on each Way is paid which appears left to right on consecutive reels including reel 1 as per the game. E.g. if symbol Ace appears on reels 1, 2, 3, 4 and 5 (positioned at 0, 1, 2, 3 and 4) respectively then the payout will happen for 5 Ace symbols only. The reel structure numbering for winning combinations in main game and freespin game is as below: Main game: 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 Free spin game: 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 If two of the same symbols appear in reel 1,2 and 3 of that symbol appears on reel 3 then way win does not pay for 5 of those symbol combination together. But it will pay for 3 separate Way wins using those 3 of the same symbols appearing on reel 3. E.g. If one symbol Nine lands on reel 1 and 2 and three symbols of 9 land on reel 3, then there will be three different Way wins for symbol 9. Each way would be a win with three consecutive occurrences of symbol 9. The reel position for the above way wins will be as below: 0,1,2 0,1,7 0,1,12 Way wins are multiplied by total bet amount. The scattered hieroglyphic symbols do not pay any. There are 243 possible ways to win in the main game and in free spins there are 1024 ways as there are 4 symbols on each reel. RULES: Game rules screen can be viewed by clicking on 'RULES' button which is located just below the 'PAYTABLE' button. You can go back to the game by clicking on the ' Back To Main' button. SPIN: Click on SPIN to start spinning the reels. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the reels, will be paid according to the paytable. RESULT: Any wins due to consecutive symbols on the reels or trigger of a feature are shown by the symbols animating. Also Total win amount is shown in the ticker message area at bottom of the reels. Repeat Bet/Change Bet: If you have already bet, the settings selected will be automatically carried over to the subsequent spin if there is sufficient amount. Simply click on 'SPIN' to play with the same bet again. To change your bet, use the ◄ and ► buttons near the 'TOTAL BETS' indicator as explained above. TOTAL CREDITS: Your remaining game balance, after you have placed the desired bet, is shown in 'TOTAL CREDITS' meter i.e. the current game balance minus the total bet placed. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed in the 'TOTAL CREDITS' meter and the 'TOTAL BET' meter. Jackpot game: When TheBigOne Jackpot is hit, a message is displayed on the main game screen as “TheBigOne Jackpot Feature’ and in the ticker area below the five reels, it shows "Congratulations, you're in to the Jackpot Game" The main screen then changes to jackpot screen in which all the jackpots and their values are listed on the left side area and a wheel is displayed on the right side area. There are 5 different jackpots, each of which has a unique color. All five colors are shown on the wheel. Orange color represents Blitz Cash Jackpot. Red color represents Quick Cash Jackpot. Blue color represents Super Cash Jackpot. Green color represents Mega Cash Jackpot. Lavender color represents Colossal Cash Jackpot. SPIN button is shown on top of the wheel. By clicking on SPIN button the wheel rotates and stops at a particular color and respective Jackpot is awarded. When a particular jackpot is hit, a pop-up is shown on the jackpot screen which displays the type of Jackpot and the amount awarded. When clicked on ‘OK’ on the popup, it navigates to main game screen. If multiple jackpots are hit at the same time, on clicking 'OK' on the popup, 'SPIN’ button on Jackpot screen is enabled to continue further game play. 'Tick here to disable wheel spin' checkbox will be shown at the bottom of the pop up when any of the five jackpots is won. If player checks the option, player will not be taken to the jackpot feature screen when the jackpot is triggered next time. Instead player will be displayed the jackpot winning pop up on the main game screen with this option checked. You can see the current values of all five jackpots in the right side area of the Loot En Khamun main game screen and also by clicking on the Total Casino Jackpots displayed at the bottom left corner of the Casino main lobby. The larger your wager, the more chances you have of winning the jackpot 'AUTOSPIN': You can make use of this feature to choose amongst the various options for 'hands free' game play. Options available under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will automatically spin for the number of spins selected from the drop-down menu. You can choose any number of games and play until your balance is less than the total bet placed. Spin till win is equal to or exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount selected from the drop down menu. Spin till any win: The game will automatically spin until the next win. Spin till feature trigger: The game will automatically spin until the next feature is triggered. Spin till my balance exceeds or equals to: The game will automatically spin until the game balance is greater than or equal to the amount entered. The entered amount should always be greater than or equal to the game balance for the “START” button on the auto spin window to get enabled. Note that 'game balance' implies the sum of the amounts given in 'TOTAL CREDITS' meter and 'TOTAL BET' meter. Spin till my balance falls below or equals to: The game will automatically spin until the game balance is less than or equal to the amount entered. The entered amount should always be less than or equal to the game balance for the “START” button on the auto spin window to get enabled. Note that 'Game balance' implies the sum of amounts given in 'TOTAL CREDITS' meter and 'TOTAL BET' meter. Play faster: This option lets you play faster than usual by reducing the break time. You must choose at least one of the other available Auto Spin options before selecting 'Play Faster'. To make use of the auto spin feature, click on the 'AUTO SPIN' button at the bottom of the game screen. When the auto spin window opens, check the boxes next to the option(s) you'd like to play with. Select from the drop-down menu where applicable. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options to start the spins. Click on 'CANCEL' to return to the game screen. If your current Game balance is not sufficient to support your choice of option/s, the ‘BUY-IN’ Window pops up allowing you to buy-in more credits from your Account. Click on 'START' to activate the selected options and start the spins. Similarly, click on 'CANCEL' to skip the ‘AUTOSPIN’ feature and get back to the game screen. You can deactivate 'AUTO SPIN' by clicking on the 'STOP SPIN' button. If spin is in progress, 'AUTO SPIN' will be stopped after completing the current spin. Otherwise 'AUTO SPIN' is stopped immediately. When playing with multiple 'AUTO SPIN' options, the condition that is satisfied first will take precedence over the others, and the remaining selected conditions will be ignored. You can then choose to either select the same set of options again, or choose new option(s), and proceed with the 'AUTO SPIN'. Please note: The 'AUTOSPIN' option is not available in play money mode. Click on 'GAME LOGS' to view the logs of the games you've played. Always the logs of the previous games can be viewed but not for the last game. Click on 'GAME RULES' to view the detailed rules of the game as web page. Click on 'REBUY' to buy more credits into the game from your BetMGM Account. Click on 'EXIT GAME' to leave the game and return to the Lobby. Click on 'QUICK DEPOSIT' button to deposit money into your BetMGM Account. The game rules are identical in both real money and play money modes. The “GAME LOGS” and “REBUY” functionality is applicable only for the real money game play. top Rules No Paylines – All Ways slot – 243 Ways in main game, 1024 Ways in free spins 5 reel slot - 5 x 3 slot view in main game, 5 x 4 slot view in free spins Payouts are made according to the Paytable. Total bet amount can be changed by using the ◄ and ► buttons. SPIN begins the game with the currently selected BET. MAX BET selects maximum bet for the game. Payouts are displayed on the PAYTABLE. Way wins are multiplied by total bet amount. Only the highest win on each possible Way will be paid. If we have 3 or more matching symbols (including wild substitutes) we will receive a payout as defined in the pay table. Coinciding Way wins on different reel positions are all added to the total. All possible winning combinations are added to your total. There are no payouts for three or more scattered hieroglyphic symbols appearing anywhere on the reels. There are five different “hieroglyphics” Scatter symbols; one for each reel. Scatter symbols do not appear during Free Spins All Symbols pay from left to right consecutively including reel 1. There are no payouts for scattered hieroglyphic symbols appearing anywhere on the reels. Loot’en-Khamun Logo wild symbol substitutes for all other symbols except scattered hieroglyphic symbols. Loot’en-Khamun Logo appears only on reels 1, 2, 3, and 4. Loot’en-Khamun Logo works only in conjunction with other symbols except the Scattered hieroglyphic symbols. Malfunctions Voids all Pays and Plays. top Features FREE SPINS feature: The Free Spins feature is triggered when any of the 3 or more Scattered hieroglyphic symbols appear anywhere in view. Feature screen is shown. Three slabs will be displayed infront of the professor. The first three slabs will be highlighted to show which ones can be selected when the mouse is moved over them. When a slab is chosen the Professor jumps onto it If the player has chosen the correct slab then it turns to gold and the freespins and multiplier won will be displayed within the cuboid. This amount is then added to the running total in the upper right hand corner. A wrong stone is picked and bonus game ends. The player is then given the choice of the next three slabs in front of the Professor and the game continues. If the Professor makes it to the last row of three slabs and if he DID NOT PICK A WRONG STONE, then the “You have won” screen appears showing how many free spins and multipliers the player has won. If the player makes a “wrong” choice then the slab the Professor jumps onto cracks under him and he falls from view. A win amount is displayed and added to the running total. The “You fell to your doom” screen appears showing how many freespins and multipliers the player has won. The player is then taken to the Freespins round. Freespins is displayed in the 4 X 5 slot view. All line wins during free spins are multiplied by the free spins multiplier awarded. All scatter wins during free spins do not pay any. The Free Spins feature cannot be retriggered during free spins. Once all the free spins are completed, normal game is restored. Free spins are played at the same bet of the triggering game. The number of free spins and free spins multiplier denoted are random. Number of free spins awarded with each trigger range from 6 to 30 and the multiplier awarded with each trigger ranges from 2 to 8 Free Spin wins are added to Way wins. Jackpot Rules: Only real money mode contributes to the jackpot amount. Free spin games cannot win the jackpot. The larger the wager is on each game the more chances you have for winning the jackpot. When you hit a jackpot, we will let you know how much you have won in a popup message. The cash will be credited to your account immediately. top Paytable Click on PAYTABLE button in the main game screen, game will pan down to paytable screen. The paytable consists of two different pages on one long vertical stone slab. These slides from left to right and right to left when the arrows are clicked. RULES: Click on “RULES” button in the main game screen, game will pan down to Rules screen The Rules page consists of two separate stone panels that slide together to form the page. The Jackpot Rules and Bonus Rules pages are the same setup (i.e. two different stone panels). When another Rules page is selected from the interface that page closes in on top of the other one. The theoretical return to player of this game is 93.69%. I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game, or in the middle of the jackpot feature game, the software will automatically complete the game for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game Logs' button once you have logged back in. If you are disconnected after triggering or in the middle of the Loot’EnKhamun Free Spins Game, on reconnection, the software will automatically start the Loot’EnKhamun Free Spins Game, if not already started, or resume from where it was disconnected. After completing the free spins, you can resume playing the same game, or you can select another game of your choice. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team. top Last modification date: 3/24/2020