Melon Madness Game objective: Melon Madness is a five-reel, thirty-line jackpot slot game with a Free Spins feature. When 3 or more scattered Bell symbols appear anywhere in view, the player is required to choose one scattered Bell which reveals the free spin count and multiplier value. The free spins feature cannot be retriggered within free spins. top BigOne jackpot: TheBigOne jackpot consists of five jackpots at different levels; the levels are - from the lowest to the highest - Blitz Cash Jackpot, Quick Cash Jackpot, Super Cash Jackpot, Mega Cash Jackpot and Colossal Cash Jackpot. All five jackpots grow progressively as bets are made. For each spin, the house adds a small credit to the five running jackpots. All five levels in TheBigOne jackpot can be won irrespective of hitting any winning combination, while betting any amount. Jackpot is triggered randomly. The larger the bet, the more chance to win a jackpot. Free spins cannot trigger jackpots. top Game information: You can bet on up to thirty lines on Melon Madness Slot . top How to play: Setting 'LINES': Thirty lines are selected by default. Lines can be changed by clicking ◄ and ► buttons available to the Left & Right of the 'LINES' indicator on the game screen respectively. Selected lines are lit, and unselected lines are not lit. Player can also select/deselect lines by clicking on desired line number at the end of lines. Setting 'BETS': When you enter the game, a default bet of $0.01 per line is set for all 30 lines, resulting in a total bet of $.30. You can choose to increase or decrease your bet per line by using the ◄ and ► buttons available to the Left & Right of ‘BET’ indicator. If your game balance drops below your total bet placed, bet and lines will not get adjusted to the next possible bet instead Re-buy window will appear. If you have no funds in your account, the deposit option will pop up. Max bet: To play with 30 lines and $4.00 bet per line, click on 'MAXBET'. If your game balance is not sufficient, this option is disabled. The number of selected lines is multiplied by the 'bet per line', and the total bet amount is displayed in the 'TOTAL BET' meter, which is located at bottom left of the game screen. HELP: Game rules can be viewed by clicking on HELP button which is located to the right side of the 'TOTAL BET 'meter. Jackpot rules can be viewed by clicking on 'JACKPOT' button in game rules page. You can go back to the game by clicking on the ‘GAME’ button. 'PAYTABLE': The 'PAYTABLE' can be viewed by clicking on the 'PAYTABLE' button located below the HELP button. To calculate the payout amount, multiply the respective prize with the bet per line. Note that to calculate the payout for scattered Bell symbol, multiply the respective prize with the total bet. You can go back to the game by clicking on the ‘GAME’ button. SPIN: Click on SPIN to start spinning the reels. After the reels stop spinning, any winning combinations on the selected lines, or any scatter wins, will be paid according to the paytable. Result: Any wins are indicated by their paylines highlighted and symbols animating or, in the case of a scatter win, by their symbols animating. The individual line wins are shown at the end of each winning line. PAID: Any Line win and/or Scatter win is shown in the ticker area under the five reels. FREE SPINS feature: The Free Spins feature is triggered when 3 or more Scattered Bell symbols appear anywhere on reels. When the player chooses one of the Bell symbols, it reveals the number of free spins awarded and multiplier value. The Free Spins feature cannot be retriggered during free spins. Once all the free spins are completed, normal game is restored. Repeat bet/Change bet: If you have already bet, the settings selected will be automatically carried over to the subsequent spin if there is sufficient amount. Simply click on 'SPIN' to play with the same bet again. To change your bet, use the ◄ and ► buttons near the 'BET' or 'LINES' indicators as explained above. Credits: Your remaining game balance, after you have placed the desired bet, is shown in 'CREDITS' meter. Your current game balance is the sum of the amounts displayed in the ‘CREDITS’ meter and the 'TOTAL BET' meter. Jackpot game: When TheBigOne Jackpot is hit, a message is displayed on the main game screen as "The Big One Jackpot Feature" and in the ticker area below the five reels, it shows "CONGRATULATIONS, YOU HAVE WON A JACKPOT". The main screen then changes to jackpot screen in which all the jackpots and their values are listed in the left side area and a wheel is displayed in the right side area There are 5 different jackpots, each of which has a unique color. All five colours are shown on the wheel. Orange color represents Blitz Cash jackpot Red color represent Quick Cash jackpot Blue color represents Super Cash jackpot Green color represents Mega Cash jackpot Lavender color represents Colossal Cash jackpot SPIN button is shown on top of the wheel and by clicking on SPIN button the wheel rotates and stops at a particular color and respective Jackpot is awarded. When a particular jackpot is hit, a pop is shown on the jackpot screen which displays the type of Jackpot and the amount awarded. When clicked on 'OK' of the popup, it navigates to main game screen. If multiple jackpots are hit at the same time, on clicking 'OK' on the popup, 'SPIN' button on Jackpot screen is enabled to continue further game play. Each jackpot is reset to its individual base value after any player hits that particular jackpot. The reset value of all the five jackpots is given below: TheBigOne Colossal Cash jackpot: $125,000 TheBigOne Mega Cash jackpot: $10,000 TheBigOne Super Cash jackpot: $750 TheBigOne Quick Cash jackpot: $200 TheBigOne Blitz Cash jackpot: $40 You can see the current values of all five jackpots in the right side area of the Melon Madness main game screen and also by clicking on the Total Casino Jackpots displayed at the bottom left corner of the Casino main lobby. The larger your wager, the more chances you have of winning the jackpot 'AUTOSPIN': You can make use of this feature to choose amongst the various options for 'hands free' game play. Options available under this feature are: Number of spins: The game will automatically spin for the number of spins selected from the drop-down menu. You can choose any number of games and play until your balance is less than the total bet placed. Spin till win is equal to or exceeds: The game will automatically spin until the win amount is equal to or exceeds the amount selected from the drop down menu. Spin till any win: The game will automatically spin until the next win. Spin till feature trigger: The game will automatically spin until the next feature is triggered. Spin till my balance exceeds or equals to: The game will automatically spin until the game balance is greater than or equal to the amount entered. Note that 'game balance' implies the sum of the amounts given under 'CREDITS' meter and 'TOTAL BET' meter. Spin till my balance falls below or equals to: The game will automatically spin until the game balance is less than or equal to the amount entered. Note that 'game balance' implies the sum of amounts given under 'CREDITS' meter and 'TOTAL BET' meter. Play faster: This option lets you play faster than usual by reducing the break time. You must choose at least one of the other available Autospin options to play with this option. Click on 'STOPSPIN' button to deactivate AUTOSPIN. While AUTOSPIN is in progress, you can interrupt the game by clicking on the 'STOPSPIN' button. If spin is in progress, AUTOSPIN will be stopped after completing the current spin, otherwise AUTOSPIN is stopped immediately and normal game is restored. Click on 'GAME LOGS' to view the logs of the games you've played. Click on 'GAME RULES' to view the current version number & game rules of the game. Click on 'REBUY' to buy more credits into the game from your Borgata Online account. Click on 'EXIT GAME' to leave the game and return to the Lobby. The game rules are identical in both real money and play money modes. top Game Rules: Play 1 to 30 lines LINES can be changed by using the ◄ and ►buttons BET amount can be changed by using the ◄ and ►buttons SPIN begins the game with the currently selected BET and LINES BET MAX selects 30 lines and maximum bet per line. Payouts are displayed on the PAYTABLE Payline wins are multiplied by the amount bet per line Highest win amount is paid on each selected payline Coinciding wins on different lit lines are all added to your total. Scatter wins are multiplied by total bet and added to payline wins. All wins occur on selected pay lines, except for scattered Bell which pays anywhere in view. Feature wins are added to scatter and payline wins All symbols pay from left to right only except Scattered Bell which pays anywhere. Wild Melon Madness logo appears only on reels 1, 2, 3, and 4 and substitutes all other symbols and works only in conjunction with all other symbols, except the Scattered Bell symbol. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. top Free Spins Feature gameplay: The Free Spins feature is triggered when 3 or more Scattered Bell symbols appear anywhere in view. When the player clicks on one of the Scattered Bell symbols, it will reveal the total number of free spins awarded and the multiplier value. The number of free spins and multiplier awarded are random A maximum of 25 free spins and a maximum of 10 multiplier are awarded. All prizes during free spins are multiplied by the revealed multiplier. The Free Spins feature cannot be re-triggered. Free spins are played at the same number of lines and bet per line of the triggering game. Free spin wins are added to payline and scatter wins. top Paytable: Click on PAYTABLE button in the main game screen, game will navigate to Paytable screen. The theoretical return to player of this game is 92.89% top Paylines: I could not complete the game. What should I do? If you get disconnected in the middle of the base game or jackpot feature game, the software will automatically complete the game for you. You will be able to find out the result by clicking on the 'Game logs' button once you have logged back in. If you get disconnected after triggering or in the middle of the Free Spins feature, on reconnection, the software will automatically start the feature round, if not already started, or resume from where it was disconnected. If player gets disconnected after triggering Free Spins and before selecting the Bell, after reconnection the player is allowed to select the Bell and continue the Free Spins feature game. If you are still having problems, please contact our 24/7 Customer Care team. top Last modification date: 7/2/2018