Amarna Miller Cleopatra MAIN GAME 20 Fixed bet lines. Line earnings are paid from left to right. Wild figure acts as a wild card and replaces all figures except the bonus figures. In case you get two or more wild figures from left to right on the reels and cannot be replaced by a figure, will give its own prize indicated in the win plan. The maximum prize is 588.6 * bet RTP: 85% BONUS GAMES RAFFLE OF MINI-GAMES 1 AND 2 Three or more 'Bonus1' figures, in any position within a prize line, give access to the raffle screen mini-games 1 and 2. The minigame draw must be stopped. The minigame awarded will be the one that is illuminated. RAFFLE OF MINI-GAMES 3 AND 4 Three 'Bonus2' figures, in any position within a prize line, give access to the raffle screen mini-games 3 and 4. The minigame draw must be stopped. The minigame awarded will be the one that is illuminated. BATHING IN THE NILE The player starts at the base of the pyramid. When you stop the draw, you either receive one of the prizes for the level you are in, or you move up to the next level. The minigame lasts until the player receives one of the prizes. The maximum prize is 13 * bet. The prize will be multiplied by the number of lines where access to the mini-game has been obtained. BALCONY OF THE PALACE In this mini-game, 5 elements will appear. We have five elements to select, each element have a prize. The game ends when the EXIT symbol appears or the 5 elements have been chosen. The maximum prize is 13 * bet. The prize will be multiplied by the number of lines where access to the mini-game has been obtained. CHAMBER OF RELICS This game consists of a raffle between 5 possible prizes. The player must stop the draw at the time he wants. The final prize will be the corresponding prize that is illuminated. The maximum prize is 27 * bet. The prize will be multiplied by the number of lines where access to the mini-game has been obtained. HIEROGLYPHICS WHEEL The game consists of spinning a roulette wheel divided into 8 hieroglyphs, where each symbol contains a prize. The final prize will be the value selected by the selector when the roulette is stopped. The maximum prize is 27 * bet. The prize will be multiplied by the number of lines where access to the mini-game has been obtained. Last modification date: 10/11/2021