RF Bowling MAIN GAME In this game, each prize could either be risked, by pressing the play button, or to be collected, by pressing the collect button. In case the prize is risked, it will either be given the amount of a one level higher prize or the equivalent amount of bonus. Once the line of the three bells is reached, the game becomes an up down, where the possible prizes go up or down in the prize plan." UPPER GAME In order to play this game it will be required to have enough bonus and credits. Whenever a prize is obtained, unless it is a gold ingot prize, the player will be offered to either risk a portion of the prize or to collect it, until there are no more portions left. Choosing to risk a portion may allow the player to either obtain the double of that portion or the equivalent value of that portion in bonus." NUDGES The advance function allows the player to move reels forward one place seeking a winning combination. The number of advances can be between 1 and 4. AUTO When nudges are activated, it allows you to rotate the reels automatically, always resulting in the best option for the player. If the button is permanently lit, this means that the auto option is activated. Otherwise, if the button is flashing, this indicates that the auto option is not activated. HOLDS Allows up to two reels to be held up during a game to increase the probability of getting prize. AUTO PLAY Activate the automatic game mode. The games will be launched automatically if the play button is kept pressed." AUTO RISK Activate the risk function in main and upper game. SPECIAL STRIKE In each game of the superior game, a number of balls will be randomly given, if you get 16 you will Access the special strike. The maximum prize that can be obtained in a minigame is the maximum prize of the bet in which the game has been made. SOMETIMES AFTER AN AWARD OF THE BLUE BAR, YELLOW BAR OR RED BAR FIGURES, ACCESS TO THE BOWLING MINI-GAME WILL BE GRANTED. BONUS GAME BOWLING Launch the ball to multiply your prize or get the special prize. SPECIAL STRIKE You will Access the bowling mini-game with the possibility of throwing 10 balls. RTP-80-95% Last modification date: 8/24/2023