Canita Brava MAIN GAME In this game, the player decides if he wants to claim the prize by pressing the collect button, or risk it by pressing the play button. By risking the prize, we can obtain a higher prize in the profit plan or an equivalent amount in bonuses. Once the limit for the three bells symbols prize is exceeded, the game changes to a raise-lower type game, where the possible prizes in the prize plan can be higher or lower. UPPER GAME To access the upper game, it is necessary to have a sufficient number of bonuses and credits. When a prize is won, except the 7 blues, portions of this prize may be risked in the game of risk which, is automatically accessed. When risking a portion, we can get double that portion or an equivalent value in bonuses. If the player does not want to risk that portion, they can collect it by pressing collect, and if they hold down the collect button, they can collect the rest of the prize without subjecting it to risk. NUGDES The advance function allows the player to move reels forward one place seeking a winning combination. The number of advances can be between 1 and 4. HOLDS When nudges are activated, it allows you to rotate the reels automatically, always resulting in the best option for the player. If the button is permanently lit, this means that the auto option is activated. Otherwise, if the button is flashing, this indicates that the auto option is not activated. A MINI-GAMES ACCESSED RANDOMLY WHEN YOU GET CERTAIN PAYLINES. BOATS MINI-GAME 3 fishing rod symbols in the lower game give access to the boats game. Stop to win a prize. ROULETTE MINI-GAME 3-wheel symbols in the upper game can give access to the roulette game. Win the best roulette prize. BONFIRE MINI-GAME 3 bonfire symbols in the top game can give access to the bonfire game. Get the best combination of prizes. FISHING MINI-GAME 3 fish symbols in the upper game can give access to the fishing game. Press play to win prizes. ADDITIONAL FEATURES VERTICAL LINES Get the boat symbols and you can play 8 lines in the upper game. SEVEN MIXED With high bets, get combinations of different seven symbols and win a random prize. CUMULATIVE GAME Collect lanterns and you will get an extra winning spin. EXTRA ROLL MINI-GAME In a non-winning play in the lower game, you may get an extra roll. RTP = 70%-95% Last modification date: 3/27/2023