Circus Party UPPER GAME In order to play this game it will be required to have enough bonus and credits. Whenever a prize is obtained, unless it is a blue seven prize, the player will be offered to either risk a portion of the prize or to collect it, until there are no more portions left. Choosing to risk a portion may allow the player to either obtain the double of that portion or the equivalent value of that portion in bonus. MAIN GAME In this game, each prize could either be risked, by pressing the play button, or to be collected, by pressing the collect button. In case the prize is risked, it will either be given the amount of a one level higher prize or the equivalent amount of bonus. Once the line of the three lemons is reached, the game becomes an up down, where the possible prizes go up or down in the prize plan. NUDGES The advance function allows the player to move reels forward one place seeking a winning combination. The number of advances can be between 1 and 4. AUTO When nudges are activated, it allows you to rotate the reels automatically, always resulting in the best option for the player. If the button is permanently lit, this means that the auto option is activated. Otherwise, if the button is flashing, this indicates that the auto option is not activated. HOLDS Allows up to two reels to be held up during a game to increase the probability of getting prize. AUTO PLAY Activate the automatic game mode. The games will be launched automatically if the play button is kept pressed. The maximum prise that can be obtained in a minigame is the maximum prize of the bet in which the game has beem made. A MINI-GAME ACCESSED RANDOMLY WHEN YOU GET CERTAIN PAYLINES SHOW BONUS GAME 3 circus tent symbols in the lower game give access to the winning mini-game draw. Stop a prize. MULTIPLE ROULETTE MINI-GAME 3 star symbols in the upper game can give access to the roulette game. Spin the wheel to win one or more prizes. ACCUMULATE PRIZE GAME 3 cannon symbols in the upper game can give access to the accumulate prize game. Get the best combination of prizes. TRILERO MINI-GAME 3 hat symbols in the upper game can give access to the trilero game. Select a chest to get a prize. ADDITIONAL FEATURES VERTICAL LINES Get the popcorn symbols and you can play 8 lines in the upper game. SEVEN MIXED In high bets you get combinations of different seven figures and get a random prize. CUMULATIVE GAME Accumulate the light bulbs and get an extra winning spin. RTP = 70% - 95% Last modification date: 9/25/2023