Daniela Blume Golden Throne MAIN GAME 243 award combinations. Wild figure Works as a wildcard and replaces all figures except the scatter figures, doubling its value. If three or more wildcard figures are obtained and cannot be replaced by a figure, you will give your own prize indicated in the winning plan. The maximum prize is 6350 * bet RTP: 85.28%. 243 AWARD COMBINATIONS The longer symbol combinations are awarded from left to right. The prize is multiplied by the number of times the symbol is repeated on each roller. WILD THRONE Randomly the game can turn up to a maximum of 4 reels into a wild card. You can't get freespins during the Wild Throne. FREESPINS FREESPINS SELECTION Three 'Scatter' symbols or more gives access to the freespins selection screen. Each entry in the freespins increase the top counter. When you fill the gaps, you unlock a freespins. If you have two or more freespins unlocked you can choose between this freespins. FREESPINS FIGHT TOGHETER If the first game is chosen, the freespins Fight Togheter will start. Play each game with at least two identical rollers, up to a maximum of 5. FREESPINS FORGING ALLIANCES If the second game is chosen, the freespins Forging Alliances will start. Each winning fall increases the multiplier, up to a maximum of 'x5', and a new fall is obtained. When no reward is obtained, the counter is reset. There is the possibility of obtaining extra 'Free Spins'. This occurs when 3, 4 or 5 Scatter figures are obtained, granting 1, 2 or 3 extra 'Free Spins' respectively. FREESPINS TO THE BATTLE If the third freespins is chosen, the freespins To The Battle will start. Each time you get a winning line you get a wildcard figure 'x2', 'x3' or both in a random position. There is the possibility of obtaining extra 'Free Spins'. This occurs when 3, 4 or 5 Scatter figures are obtained, granting 3, 9 or 18 extra 'Free Spins' respectively. FREESPINS THE FINAL VICTORY If the fourth freespins is chosen, the freespins The Final Victory will start. All prizes are multiplied x5. There is the possibility of obtaining extra 'Free Spins'. This happens when 3, 4 or 5 Scatter figures are obtained, granting 10 extra 'Free Spins'. Last modification date: 4/23/2021