El Sevilla MAIN GAME In this game, each prize could either be risked, by pressing the play button, or to be collected, by pressing the collect button. In case the prize is risked, it will either be given the amount of a one level higher prize or the equivalent amount of bonus. Once the line of the three bells is reached, the game becomes an up down, where the possible prizes go up or down in the prize plan. UPPER GAME In order to play this game it will be required to have enough bonus and credits. Whenever a prize is obtained, unless it is a blue seven prize, the player will be offered to either risk a portion of the prize or to collect it, until there are no more portions left. Choosing to risk a portion may allow the player to either obtain the double of that portion or the equivalent value of that portion in bonus. NUDGES The advance function allows the player to move reels forward one place seeking a winning combination. The number of advances can be between 1 and 4. HOLDS Allows up to two reels to be held up during a game to increase the probability of getting prize. AUTO When nudges are activated, it allows you to rotate the reels automatically, always resulting in the best option for the player. If the button is permanently lit, this means that the auto option is activated. Otherwise, if the button is flashing, this indicates that the auto option is not activated. AUTO PLAY Activate the risk function in main and upper game. The maximum prize that can be obtained in a minigame is the maximum prize of the bet in which the game has been made. A MINI-GAMES ACCESSED RANDOMLY WHEN YOU GET CERTAIN PAYLINES BONUS GAME CLOTHES PATCHES 3 clothing patches figures in main game give access to clothing patches game. Draw a prize. BONUS GAME CHOW-CHOW 3 dog figures in upper game can give access to Chow-chow game. Select elements to obtain prizes BONUS GAME GIRLS OF THE SALLE 3 nun figures in upper game can give access to girls of the salle game. Get prizes. BONUS GAME MY MOTORCYCLE 3 pliers figures in upper game can give access to the my motorbike game. Select each round a element to get prizes. ADDITIONAL FEATURES VERTICAL LINES Get the motorcycle figures and you can play 8 lines in top game. SEVEN MIXED In high bets you get combinations of different seven figures and get a random prize. CUMULATIVE GAME Accumulate the invaders figures and you will have an extra winner. Malfunctions will void all prizes. RTPs: BET 0.2€:80% - BET 1€:80% - BET 5€:90% - BET 10€:90% - BET 15€:95% Last modification date: 9/12/2022