El Cartel Halloween UPPER GAME In order to play this game it will be required to have enough plata and credits. Whenever a prize is obtained, unless it is a blue 7 prize, the player will be offered to either risk a portion of the prize or to collect it, until there are no more portions left. Choosing to risk a portion may allow the player to either obtain the double of that portion or the equivalent value of that portion in plata. LOWER GAME In this game, each prize could either be risked, by pressing the play button, or to be collected, by pressing the collect button. In case the prize is risked, it will either be given the amount of a one level higher prize or the equivalent amount of plata. Once the line of the three bells is reached, the game becomes an up down, where the possible prizes go up or down in the prize plan. NUDGES The advance function allows the player to move reels forward one place seeking a winning combination. The number of advances can be between 1 and 4. AUTO When nudges are activated, it allows you to rotate the reels automatically, always resulting in the best option for the player. If the button is permanently lit, this means that the auto option is activated. Otherwise, if the button is flashing, this indicates that the auto option is not activated. HOLDS Allows up to two reels to be held up during a game to increase the probability of getting prize. AUTO PLAY Activate the risk function in main and upper game. The maximum prize that can be obtained in a minigame is the maximum prize of the bet in which the game has been made. A MINI-GAMES ACCESSED RANDOMLY WHEN YOU GET CERTAIN PAYLINES BONUS GAME GHOST 3 ghosts in main game can give access to ghosts game. Draw a prize. BONUS GAME TRANSPORTATION 3 owls aircraft in upper game can give access to transportation game. Choose owls. BONUS GAME HOTEL GIRLS 3 girls in upper game can give access to hotel girls game. Draw best prizes BONUS GAME BUSINESS 3 briefcases in upper game can give access to business game. Collect or play to find the best prize. ADDITIONAL FEATURES VERTICAL LINES Get the skull figures and you can play 8 lines in top game. SEVEN MIXED In high bets you can get combinations of different 7’s and get a random prize. CUMULATIVE GAME Accumulate the hats figures and you will have an extra winner. RTP-80-95% Last modification date: 10/27/2023