Pasapalabra MAIN GAME In this game, the player decides if they want to claim the prize by pressing the collect button or risk it by pressing the play button. By risking the prize, we can obtain a higher prize in the prize plan or an equivalent amount in bonuses. Once the limit for the three lemons symbols prize is exceeded, the game changes to a raise-lower type game, where the possible prizes in the prize plan can be higher or lower. UPPER GAME To access the upper game, it is necessary to have a sufficient number of bonuses and credits. When a prize is won, except the blue seven, portions of this prize may be risked in the game of risk which, is automatically accessed. When risking a portion, we can get double that portion or an equivalent value in bonuses. If the player does not want to risk that portion, they can collect it by pressing collect, and if they hold down the collect button, they can collect the rest of the prize without subjecting it to risk. NUDGES The advance function allows the player to move reels forward one place seeking a winning combination. The number of advances can be between 1 and 4. AUTO When nudges are activated, it allows you to rotate the reels automatically, always resulting in the best option for the player. If the button is permanently lit, this means that the auto option is activated. Otherwise, if the button is flashing, this indicates that the auto option is not activated. HOLDS Allows up to two reels to be held up during a game to increase the probability of getting prize. AUTO PLAY Activate the automatic game mode. The games will be launched automatically if the play button is kept pressed. The maximum prize that can be obtained in a minigame is the maximum prize of the bet in which the game has been made. A MINI-GAMES ACCESSED RANDOMLY WHEN YOU GET CERTAIN PAYLINES. ALPHABET SOUP MINI-GAME 3 board symbols in the lower game give access to the word search game. Stop for a prize. EXTRA ROLL In a non-winning play in the lower game, you may get an extra free spin. ROSCO MINI-GAME Press play to multiply your prize or get the special prize ADITIONAL FEATURES VERTICAL LINES Get the pasapalabra symbols to play 8 lines in the upper game. SPECIAL ROSCO In each play in the upper game, a random number of letters will light up. If they all light up, you will access the rosco mini-game with the possibility of launching 10 spins. RTP = 80% - 95% Last modification date: 7/10/2023