Riquezas de la Alquimia MAIN GAME 25 Prize Lines. Line wins are paid from left to right. The Wild symbol replaces all symbols, except the Scatter, Money and Collect symbols. Getting 3 or more Scatters symbols gives access to Free Spins. Maximum prize is 2000 * bet. RTP: 95.10% MONEY SYMBOL Money symbols can appear on reels 1, 2, 3 and 4. These symbols have a random value associated with them. A Collect symbol can appear on the last reel. If a Collect symbol appears, the values of all the Money symbols that appear on the screen are accumulated and awarded to the player. ACCUMULATIVE + ACCUMULATIVE SYMBOL Each reel has a potion associated with it with a counter on top. Every time a symbol with an accumulative symbol appears on a reel, the counter on that reel will increase by 1. Counters can increase by up to 10 each. Each bet has some counters associated with it. ENTRANCE TO FREE SPINS To access Free Spins it is players need to get 3 or more Scatter symbols. The total number of Free Spins awarded will be the sum of the counters of the reels on which Scatter symbols have appeared. The counters of the reels that have given access to Free Spins will be reset to 1, the rest will not influence the sum and will maintain their value. FREE SPINS These spins do not consume balance and all the prizes obtained are accumulated. The maximum possible prize is 2000 * bet. If the total prize accumulated in a round of Free Spins reaches this figure, the round will end immediately and will award the prize of 2000 * bet. The rest of the Free Spins will be discarded. During Free Spins the counters on each reel can continue to increase. More Free Spins can be obtained within Free Spins in the same way as in the Main Game. At the end of all the spins an extra spin called Super Respin will be awarded. SUPER RESPIN During Free Spins, each value that appears on a Money symbol will accumulate in the Super Respin counter. At the end of all Free Spins spins, a giant Money symbol will appear on reels 1, 2, 3 and 4 and will be associated with the value that appears on the counter. Reel 5 will spin and if the Collect symbol is obtained, the giant Money symbol prize will be awarded. Last modification date: 1/29/2024