Samantha Fox Arcade LOWE GAME In this game, the player decides whether to collect the prize by pressing the collect button or the play button to risk it. By taking a risk we can either get the top prize in the win plan or an equivalent amount of bonuses. Once the prize barrier corresponding to the figures of the three bells has been passed, the game becomes a seesaw game where the possible prizes are to go up or down in the win plan. RTP: 95% SUPERIOR GAME To be able to access the top game, you need to have sufficient bonuses and credits. When you win a prize, except for the blue seven, you can risk portions of this prize in the risk game which is accessed automatically. By risking a portion, you can get double that portion or an equivalent value in bonuses. In case the player does not want to risk that portion, he can collect it by pressing collect, and if he keeps pressing collect, he can collect the rest of the prize without risking it. AVANCES Allows you to advance the figures on the reels to find a winning combination. The number of advances is drawn between 1 and 4. AUTO When the feeds are activated, it allows the reels to rotate automatically resulting in the best option for the player. If the button is permanently lit, it indicates that the auto option is enabled, whereas, if it is flashing, it indicates that the auto option is not enabled. RETENCIONES Allows you to hold up to two reels in the same game to increase your chances of winning. AUTO PLAY Activates the automatic game mode. Games will start automatically if the play button is held down. The maximum prize that can be won in a mini-game is the maximum prize of the bet on which the game was played. MINI-GAMES ARE ACCESSED RANDOMLY WHEN YOU GET CERTAIN PRIZE LINES. MINIJUEGO GRAMOLA 3 disco figures in the bottom game give access to the game Gramola. For a prize. MINIJUEGO NOTAS MUSICALES 3 radio figures in the top game can give access to the musical notes game. Stop the prizes at any time to take the ones on the screen. MINIJUEGO ASTEROIDES 3 planet figures in the top game can give access to the asteroids game. Select items to get prizes. MINIJUEGO OUT CRUISE 3 car figures in the top game can give access to the out cruise game. Advance to get the best prize. SUBA SU PREMIO On a non-winning spin in the lower game, you can win a free bonus spin. CARACTERISTICAS ADICIONALES LINEAS VERTICALES Get the 'Disco Ball' figures and you can play 8 lines in the top game. SIETE MIXTOS At high stakes get combinations of different figure sevens and get a random prize. JUEGO ACUMULATIVO Accumulate the hearts and you get an extra winning spin. Last modification date: 3/14/2023