Zeus Fortuna MAIN GAME In this game, each prize could either be risked, by pressing the play button, or to be collected, by pressing the collect button. In case the prize is risked, it Will either be given the amount of one level higher prize or the equivalent amount of bonus. Once the line of the three bells is reached, the game becomes an up down, where the possible prizes go up or down in the prize plan. UPPER GAME In order to play this game, it Will be required to have enough bonus and credits. Whenever a prize is obtained, unless it is a blue 7 prize, the player Will be offered to wither risk a portion of the prize or to collect it, until there are no more portions left. Choosing to risk a portion may allow the player to either obtain the double of that portion or the equivalent value of that portion in bonus. NUDGES The advance function allows the player to move reels forward one place seeking a winning combination. The number of advances can be between 1 and 4. AUTO When nudges are activated, it allows you to rotate the reels automatically, always resulting in the best option for the player. If the button is permanently lit, this means that the auto option is activated. Otherwise, if the button is flashing, this indicates that the auto option is not activated. HOLDS Allows up to two reels to be held up during a game to increase the probability of getting prize. A MINI-GAME ACCESSED RANDMLY WHEN YOU GET CERTAIN PAYLINES. BONUS GAME PINBALL 3 eagles in the lower game give Access to the pinball game. Press play to release the ball and get a prize. BONUS GAME ROULETTE 3 pot in the upper game can give Access to the roulette game, in which you Will get a multiplier depending on which vessel you touch. BONUS GAME SHIPS 3 ships in the upper game can give Access to the ships game, sink to get a prize. BONUS GAME HELMETS 3 helmets in the upper game can give Access to the trailer game, select a helmet to get a prize. ADITIONAL FEATURES VERTICAL LINES Get the storm symbols top lay 8 lines in upper game. MIXED SEVENS In high bets you can get combinations of different 7’s and get random prize. CUMULATIVE GAME Accumulate the lightning symbols and get an extra winning spin. RTP = 80% - 95% Last modification date: 7/17/2023