9 Masks of Fire Game Rules See sections below for information about the game rules. General Rules Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Wild Symbol Rules The Wild symbol is a wild symbol. The Wild symbol can substitute for all symbols except the Mask and Free Spin symbols. Mask Symbol Rules The Mask symbol is a scatter symbol. Three or more Mask symbols appearing anywhere on screen pays out. Only the highest paying count of the Mask symbols pays out. Mask symbol pays are calculated by multiplying by total bet. Scatter wins are added to line wins. Free Spin Feature Rules Three Free Spin Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on reels 2, 3, or 4 activates the Free Spin Wheel feature. The wheel will spin once and award a single wedge containing a number of free spins and a multiplier. All line wins and Free Spin Scatter symbol wins during free spins will be multiplied by the wheel multiplier. During Free Spins , Mask Symbol wins are not multiplied by the wheel multiplier. Three Free Spin Scatter symbols appearing anywhere on reels 2, 3, or 4 retriggers the feature. Retriggering will grant additional free spins equal to the amount initially awarded and at the same multiplier level. Scatter wins are added to line wins. Betting and Payout Rules Winnings are paid out only on the highest combination on each line. Line winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. The symbols must be next to each other on a line. At most 1 winning combination is paid out per payline. If there is more than 1 possible winning combination on a payline, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. Line wins are calculated by multiplying the line combination payout by the line bet. The line bet is total bet divided by number of lines played. All payout tables display the number of credits that are won for each combination. The number of credits won is dependent on the line bet. The line bet is total bet divided by number of lines played. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Game Payouts Winnings paid out on the slot machine are dependent on the symbols displayed on the payline, once the reels have come to a stop. All payout tables display the number of credits that are won for each winning combination. Line Payouts Line wins are calculated by multiplying the line combination payout by the line bet . For a combination of regular symbols to produce a winning line combination, the following criteria must be met: The symbols must be next to each other on a payline. Payline winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, a winning payline combination must start with the leftmost payline position and continue on adjacent positions on the payline. Free Spin Symbol Payouts Free Spin symbol wins are calculated by multiplying the Free Spin symbol combination payout by the total bet . Free Spin symbol wins are added to line wins. In the event of a Free Spin symbol win and a line win, both wins are paid out, as the Free Spin symbol does not need to appear on a payline to win. For a combination of Free Spin symbols to produce a winning scatter combination, the following criteria must be met: Three Free Spin symbols appear on the reels. Free Spin symbols cannot be substituted by the Wild symbols. Mask Symbol Payouts Mask wins are calculated by multiplying the Mask symbol combination payout by the total bet . Mask wins are added to line wins and Free Spin symbol wins. In the event of a Mask win and a line win, both wins are paid out, as the Mask symbol does not need to appear on a payline to win. For a combination of Mask symbols to produce a winning scatter combination, the following criteria must be met: 3+ Mask symbols appear on the reels. Mask symbols cannot be substituted by the Wild symbols. Free Spins Payouts 3 Free Spin symbols triggers a spin of the Free Spin Wheel . Each wedge of the Free Spin Wheel will grant a number of free spins and a multiplier value. All bets played in Free Spins are the same as the spin that triggered the Free Spins feature. Free Spin line payouts and Free Spin symbol payouts are multiplied by the triggering multiplier value. Icons Below are the icons used throughout the game and their descriptions. Icons Descriptions Main Menu Return Decrement Increment Bet Quick Spin Mute / Unmute Responsible Gaming Player Protection Loyalty Game History Transaction History Banking Settings Paytable / Information Help Files Lobby Discard Note: Some of these options may not be available in your location. Playing the Game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form winning combinations. The payout is dependent on the winning combinations formed. To play: Your balance is displayed in credits and is available in the console bar. To select your bet amount: Desktop Settings Panel Open the Menu by clicking the icon. Click the Bet icon. Select the value you want from the visible options. Scroll up or down with the mouse wheel or using the scroll bar for more options. Click Max Bet to bet the maximum permitted. Desktop Console Bar Click the Bet area. Select the value you want from the visible options. Scroll up or down with the mouse wheel or using the scroll bar for more options. Click Max Bet to bet the maximum permitted. Mobile O pen the Bet Panel by tapping the icon. Tap the value you want from the visible options. Swipe up or down in the bet panel for more options. Tap Max Bet to bet the maximum permitted. Click or Tap Spin to start spinning the reels. You can also tap the reels to spin (mobile only). If enabled in Settings, you may press spacebar to spin (desktop only). Once the reels stop, wins are highlighted if you have a winning combination. You are paid out the win amount as displayed in the Win box. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is completed and you can play again. AutoPlay You can spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game, using AutoPlay. About AutoPlay AutoPlay and some of the related options may not be available in the game you are playing. A bet amount must be set before starting the AutoPlay session, as AutoPlay plays with the last bet value. AutoPlay can be stopped at any time. This does not influence the results of the spin. Triggering the jackpot feature will stop AutoPlay. Settings The Settings panel provides access to multiple game settings. Desktop Open the Menu by clicking the icon. Click the Settings icon. Mobile Open the Menu by tapping the icon. Tap the Settings icon. You can choose which to turn on or off. Intro Screen displays the intro screen at startup. Show Tutorial At Startup (Mobile only). Quick Spin increases the speed of the slot reel spin. All Sounds controls all sounds, including game and background sounds. Game Sounds controls console and spin sounds, as well as sounds for winning combinations and sequences. Background Music controls background music. Spacebar to Spin allows you to spin the reels using your computer's spacebar (Desktop Only). Note: Some of these options may not be available in your location. Game Sounds and Background Music are only enabled if All Sounds is ON . Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed, and does not change. This game has an RTP of 96.24%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 9/3/2020