Adelia the Fortune Wielder About Adelia The Fortune Wielder is a 5-reel, 3-row, 20 paylines video slot featuring Wild substitutions, Adelia’s Fortune Respin and Free Spins game. Some features and options may not be available in the game you are playing, which ensures compliance with the regulations. As, for example, the Stop button or the Autoplay feature could be unavailable for compliance matters. Playing the Game The game is played with 20 paylines. All paylines are permanently enabled for every spin, so player cannot select or deselect paylines. The bet level is set using the bet level selector. Through setting bets and clicking on the spin button, the player needs to get symbols to match from left to right on a 5×3 slot machine. Winnings will be awarded according to the paytable.All winning combinations are left to right on a pay line. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. Only the highest winning combination is paid per line. The sum of win amounts from all valid pay lines is immediately credited to the balance. The win up to value is displayed in coins in the game splash screen which is the maximum value that can be won by the player while playing on maximum bet. This value is achieved using the combination of regular wins itself. The conversion from coins to credits would be (maximum win value in coins × maximum bet per line in credits) = maximum win value in credits. For example, the maximum win value is 50000 coins and you play on maximum bet which is 40.00 credits per spin. Your maximum bet per line = maximum bet in credits / number of paylines i.e. 40.00 credits / 20 paylines = 2.00 credits. So your maximum win value in credits is calculated as (50000 coins × 2.00 credits) = 100000.00 credits. The Multiplier Wild activates Respin when a stack of 3 Multiplier Wilds lands on the middle reel completely filling the reel. 4, 5 or 6 Scatter symbols landing on reels 2 and 4 in the base game activate 10, 20 or 30 Free Spins respectively. Symbols Staff, Book, Pouch, Dagger and Potion might be stacked in the base game and Free Spins. Symbols Scatter and Multiplier Wild are stacked in the base game only. The Free Spins are played at the bet of the triggering spin. Payouts The overall game theoretical RTP is 96.50% The game is played with 20 paylines. All paylines are permanently enabled for every spin, so player cannot select or deselect paylines. Winnings will be awarded according to the paytable. All winning combinations are left to right on a pay line. Simultaneous wins on different bet lines are added. Only the highest winning combination is paid per line. The sum of win amounts from all valid pay lines is immediately credited to the balance. Refresh Refresh displays the results of the last game played, when you return to that game. Refresh does the following if you are disconnected from the Casino server or Internet: If your computer is disconnected before the results of the last game are displayed, then the amount you won or lost, your credit balance, and the final game state is displayed when you return to the game. If your computer is disconnected while a game is in progress, and you can still make decisions in the game, you are able to complete that game when you return to it. If the request to play a new game does not reach the Casino server before you are disconnected, the results of the previous game is displayed when you return to the game. Wild The Wild can substitute for any symbol except the Scatter symbol. The Wild appears on reels 2, 4 and 5 in the base game and on reels 2-5 in Free Spins. Multiplier Wild The Multiplier Wild could appear on the middle reel in the base game only. The Multiplier Wilds with the same multiplier value might be stacked on top of each other. Any win which uses a Multiplier Wild has its payout multiplied by a random multiplier from ×2 to ×5. The Multiplier Wild activates Respin when a stack of 3 Multiplier Wilds lands on the middle reel completely filling the reel. Free Spins Scatter 4, 5 or 6 Scatter symbols landing on reels 2 and 4 in the base game activate 10, 20 or 30 Free Spins respectively. The Scatter symbols cannot be substituted by the Wild symbol. A player can win 2, 4, 6, 8, 10 extra Free Spins for 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 Scatter symbols respectively. Coin On every Free Spin, there is a chance to get a special Coin that may appear somewhere on the reels. The Coin doesn't replace a symbol but lands in the top right corner of the symbol. Only one Coin can appear per spin. Once it appeared, it will be added to a chest. Symbols upgrade There are three chests: blue, green and purple. At first, Coins will be collected to the blue chest, then to the green chest and finally to the purple chest. Each chest contains a set of 3 Coins. Whenever a player collects a set of 3 Coins, a chest color changes and the payouts for symbols become upgraded: a multiplier of ×2, ×3, ×4 or ×5 will be applied to all wins of particular symbol. Symbols upgrade happens immediately after 3rd coin lands somewhere on reels. Blue chest upgrades the payouts for symbols Queen, Jack and Ten. Green chest upgrades the payouts for symbols Potion, Ace and King. Purple chest upgrades the payouts for symbols Staff, Book, Pouch and Dagger. After each payout symbol has been upgraded, the Coin and chest will no longer be shown. Free Spins are played at the bet level of the triggering spin. Adelia's Fortune Respin Respin* is activated when a stack of 3 Multiplier Wilds lands on the middle reel in the base game. The stack of 3 Multiplier Wilds is locked during the Respin. Multipliers on locked reels remain the same until end of Respin. If win occurs during Respin, the player is granted another Respin. The Respin continues until the non-winning spin occurs. No bet is taken from the player's balance during the Respin. If Respin is triggered simultaneously with Free Spins then Free Spins will be played after Respin is accomplished. * Here and further Respin is addressed to the Adelia's Fortune Respin. Autoplay Autoplay is triggered by button with "A" surrounded by arrows, so you can play without having to press the spin button every time. Set Autoplay settings by pressing the Autoplay button. You can choose the amount of rounds to play, as well as loss and win limits. The loss limit prevents you from losing more than the set limit during an Autoplay session. The single win limit stops Autoplay when the win reaches the set limit. Autoplay will be stopped automatically when the feature is triggered. Autoplay Options Number of plays Custom settings: Loss limit Custom settings: Single win limit Click Autoplay . This button enables you to choose the number of spins you want to play and your stop options. Once you have configured these options, click the Start button to begin your Autoplay session. Game Controls Audio: Mute / Un-mute game sounds. More detailed music / sound setup available in the game settings menu. Menu: Game settings / rules menu. Win: Displays the win for the current or last win payout round. Balance: Displays your account balance. Bet: Change your bet size by selecting value within bet drop box, or clicking up / down arrows. Autoplay (a button with "A" surrounded by arrows): You can play without having to press the spin button every time. Set autoplay settings by pressing the Autoplay button. You can choose the amount of rounds to play, as well as loss and win limits. The loss limit prevents you from losing more than the set limit during an autoplay session. The single win limit stops autoplay when the win reaches the set limit. Autoplay will be stopped automatically when the feature is triggered. Spin (a button with circle arrow): Start the game round. When the reels are spinning, the spin button transforms into the Stop Button. Press the Stop button to stop the reels. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 10/14/2020