Arthur's Gold Arthur’s Gold™ is a 5-reel, 3-row, 20-line video slot featuring Double Symbol pays and Free Spins with Expanding Wilds Re-Spins. The game is played with 20 fixed bet lines and different bet levels. General Matching symbols landing on a line pattern create a winning combination. Matching symbols must land adjacent to each other in a line, starting on the first slot reel. All line wins pay from left to right. All line wins are multiplied by the bet per line. All lines are fixed for every spin. Only one winning combination is paid out per line and you are paid out the value of the highest win. Only one scatter winning combination is paid out per spin and you are paid out the value of the highest win. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. Wild symbol Wilds appear on all reels in the base game, and on reels 1 and 5 in the Arthur’s Gold™ Free Spins. Special Wilds appear in the Arthur’s Gold™ Free Spins only, on reels 2, 3 and 4. Wilds substitute for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Wilds substitute for all symbols except the Scatter symbol. Wild symbols can create their own winning combinations. A Wild symbol counts as 2 Wild symbols in a single reel position when substituting for High symbols. Wilds and Special Wilds are considered the same symbol when determining wins. Line wins with a Wild symbol pay the highest possible winning combination on a winning line. Scatter symbol 3, 4 or 5 Scatter symbols scattered in any position on the reels create a winning combination. Scatters do not need to appear on a line to win. Scatters appear in base game only. Scatter wins are added to line wins. Scatter symbols cannot be substituted by the wild symbols. Scatter wins are multiplied by your total bet. Double symbols Double symbols count as 2 of the same symbols in a single reel position. Double symbols can award up to 10 of a kind pays on a single payline. High symbols can appear as single symbols or double symbols on the reels. Regular win rules apply. Here is an example of a single and double Arthur symbol: Double Up feature Play the Double Up feature for a chance to double your win. Double Up is available after any base game win, and after the total Free Spins win. Choose HEADS or TAILS to guess the outcome of a coin spin. If you select the correct coin side your win is doubled. Double Up is available once for each win. The Double Up feature is not available if the initial win exceeds the limit amount. The Return To Game button stops the Double Up feature and returns you to the base game. The Take Win button cancels the Double Up feature and returns you to the base game. Winnings are automatically collected during this feature. The Double Up feature is not available during AutoPlay. The Double Up button may not be available at all times. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. ARTHUR’S GOLD™ Free Spins feature 3, 4 or 5 Scatter symbols landing anywhere on the reels awards 10 Free Spins. Featuring Expanding Wilds Re-Spins Any Special Wild symbol landing on reels 2, 3 or 4 award any wins and then expands to a full wild reel and locks for 1 Re-Spin. During a Re-Spin, if another Special Wild symbol lands you are awarded any wins and that Special Wild symbol also expands to a full wild reel and locks for an additional Re-Spin. Up to 3 consecutive Re-Spins are possible. Re-Spins do not reduce the number of Free Spins remaining. Free Spins wins are added to line wins. All bets and lines played are the same as the game that triggered the Arthur’s Gold™ Free Spins. The Arthur’s Gold™ Free Spins are played on special reels and cannot be re- triggered. AutoPlay AutoPlay enables you to automatically play a set number of consecutive spins without interacting with the game. AutoPlay plays with the last bet amount you selected, or the bet amount selected in the AutoPlay options. Check the bet amount before you start the session. The Start AutoPlay button returns you to the base game and starts the session based on your selected options. The number of spins remaining in your session is displayed in the game. During a session, the AutoPlay button can stop all remaining AutoPlay spins. If any condition is met to stop the session, all AutoPlay settings return to default. If you are disconnected, AutoPlay will stop. All AutoPlay settings return to default when you reload the game. The Double Up feature is not available during AutoPlay. AutoPlay Options AutoPlay options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. Spins Set the number of spins you want to play. Total Bet Set the bet value for each AutoPlay spin. Win Limit Stop the session if the win exceeds or equals the amount selected. Loss Limit Stop the session if your balance decreases and drops below or equals the amount selected. Stop on Jackpot Win Stop the session when a jackpot is awarded. Stop on Bonus Stop the session when a Bonus or Free Spins is awarded. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed and does not change. This game has an RTP of 96.20%. Game Controls The following table describes the functions for each of the buttons found on the game interface. Button Description Spin Starts a spin at your currently selected bet. Depending on your game, the space bar or enter key may also start the spin. Spin Stop Stops the reels immediately during a spin. This does not influence the results of the spin. Depending on your game, the space bar or enter key may also stop the spin. Fast Play Indicates that the game is currently in Fast Play mode. You can turn Fast Play on or off in the Settings screen within the Game Menu. Max Bet Switches your bet between the maximum bet permitted and the last selected bet. Bet Displays your bet options. The (+) or (-) buttons increase and decrease your current bet. AutoPlay Displays your AutoPlay options. AutoPlay Active Stops AutoPlay immediately. It also shows the remaining number of AutoPlay spins. Game Menu Displays the game settings and game payout table. Double Up Starts the Double Up feature. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Return to Game Stops the Double Up feature and returns you to the base game. Take Win Cancels the Double Up feature and returns you to the base game. Game Menu Options The Game Menu displays the game settings menu and select various game options. Options Description Paytable Displays the game payout tables. Game Rules Displays the game rules. AutoPlay Displays your AutoPlay options. Total Bet Displays your bet options. Sounds Displays a range of sound settings. Options Description Settings Displays a range of game settings. Return Closes the Game Menu and returns you to the base game. Each game has different options and AutoPlay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. Change my bet amount The Bet button displays your bet options. You can also change your bet options in the Total Bet screen within the Game Menu. Bet options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. Bet Options Total Bet Selects the total bet amount you want to bet per spin. Quick Bet Displays a range of quick betting options to select your total bet amount. Last modification date: 10/30/2020