Adventure Palace Untitled Document About Adventure Palace Adventure Palace is a five reel, nine payline, and forty-five coin slot machine, including: Regular symbols Wild, multiplier symbol Scatter symbol Free Spins bonus game Gamble feature Game Rules General Your bet is dependent on the number of paylines, the number of coins per payline and coin size played. All payout tables display the number of coins or credits that are won for each combination. All payout tables display the number of coins that are won for each combination. All payout table win amounts in PlayCheck are displayed in coins. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size bet. Only one regular winning combination is paid out per payline and you are paid out the value of the highest win. Only one scatter winning combination is paid out per spin and you are paid out the value of the highest win. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. If you have a winning combination, the win is highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. Regular symbols Matching symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, starting from the first slot reel. Regular payouts depend on your bet per payline. Wild, multiplier symbol This symbol doubles the payout of any combination it completes as a wild symbol. This symbol does not substitute for the scatter symbol. This symbol does not multiply the payout when it creates its own combination. Scatter symbol This symbol does not need to appear on an enabled payline to win. This symbol cannot be substituted by the wild, multiplier symbol. Scatter payouts depend on your total bet. Free Spins bonus game The last bet you placed in the game is used as the free spins bet amount. The bonus game can be re-activated during the free spins. Additional free spins are added to your remaining free spins. Winnings are automatically collected during this feature. Gamble feature Any win activates the Gamble feature. This feature is not available if your win exceeds the gamble activation limit. You can choose to play the feature or you can skip it. If you select the correct card colour your win is doubled. If you select the correct card suit your win is quadrupled. You can play your winnings until the gamble limit is reached. The gamble limit is set at an amount limit or five gambles per game. Winnings are automatically collected during this feature. Game Controls Item Description Bet box Displays your bet options. Click (+) or (-) to select the total amount you want to bet. Click Coin Size (+) or (-) to select the coin size you want to bet. Click Coins (+) or (-) to select the number of coins you want to bet. Click Lines (+) or (-) to select the number of paylines you want to play. Click Max Bet to bet the maximum bet permitted. Depending on your game, this can convert the coin size, number of coins and the number of paylines to the maximum bet permitted. Coin Size buttons Selects the coin size you want to bet. Click (+) or (-) to increase or decrease the coin size. Select Lines button Selects the number of paylines you want to play. Select Coins button Selects the number of coins you want to bet. Bet Max button or Max Bet button Bets the maximum bet permitted. Depending on your game, this can convert the coin size, number of coins and the number of paylines to the maximum bet permitted. Balance box Displays your casino balances.You can choose to view all bets, payouts and balances in coins, credits or both. All your bets, payouts and balances are displayed according to the option you select. Click Options to select to play in coins, credits or both. Click Summary to view a summary of your casino balances. Spin button Starts the game. Stop button Displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. View Payout button or Pays button Displays the game payout tables. Click the next and previous buttons to browse the payout tables. Win box Displays your most recent wins and your top 5 wins. AutoPlay button Displays the AutoPlay options where you can select to spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game. Click AutoPlay and select the number of spins you want to play and the stop options. Menu button Displays a menu of general system and game options. You can also change your game options or view your current game play statistics. Options button Displays the game options where you can view and change your game play and sound settings. Statistics button Displays the game play statistics. Each game has different options and AutoPlay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. The theoretical return to player of this game is 96.10%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 6/9/2020