Avalon Mobile General Your bet is dependent on the number of paylines, the number of coins per payline and coin size played. All payout tables display the number of coins that are won for each combination. All payout table win amounts in PlayCheck are displayed in coins. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size bet. Only one regular winning combination is paid out per payline and you are paid out the value of the highest win. Only one scatter winning combination is paid out per spin and you are paid out the value of the highest win. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. If you have a winning combination, the win is highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. Regular symbols Matching symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, starting from the first slot reel. Regular payouts depend on your bet per payline. Wild Symbol This symbol does not substitute for the scatter symbol. This symbol also creates its own combination. Scatter Symbol This symbol does not need to appear on an enabled payline to win. This symbol cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. Scatter wins are displayed as a multiplier value on the payout table. Scatter payouts depend on your total bet. Free Spins The last bet you placed in the game is used as the free spins bet amount. Free spins can be re-activated. Additional free spins are added to your remaining free spins. Winnings are automatically collected during this feature. The Chest symbol acts as an extra wild symbol during the free spins. The Chest symbol combines with the wild symbol to create winning combinations. You are paid out for the highest value payout. Quick spin Quick spin increases the reel spin speed to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Tap Menu . Tap Settings . Tap quick spin Off . To disable quick spin, tap quick spin On . Configure my total bet Your total bet amount is the number of coins you bet per payline, multiplied by the number of paylines. Tap Menu . Tap Settings . Tap Coin Size and select a coin size. Tap Coins Per Line and select the number of coins. Change my bet amount Your total bet amount is the number of coins you bet per payline, multiplied by the number of paylines. Tap Bet and select the total number of coins or credits you want to bet per spin. You can also: Tap (+) or (-) to increase or decrease the total number of coins or credits you want to bet per spin. Change from coins to credits You can change your balance, bet and win amounts to display in coins or credits. Tap Menu . Tap Settings . Tap Coins to convert to coins, or tap Credits to convert to credits. The theoretical return to player of this game is 96%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 or 50,000xBet - whichever is reached first (or currency equivalent. Other Operator limits may apply). Last modification date: 6/9/2020