All Win FC About this Game This is a 5 reel 3 row video slot game. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels and a payout is awarded. The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols land in different combinations. Bet Rules Each spin played costs a total bet amount. The initial bet is the current total bet divided by the number of paylines played. The total bet is based on the initial bet placed on each payline played. Payline Rules This game includes 10 paylines. The number of paylines played is fixed. A payline is a pattern of adjacent symbol positions that runs in a line across the reels. A win is awarded when matching symbols land adjacent to each other on a payline. Payline wins run from left to right, starting from the first slot reel. Payout Rules Payline win payouts are based on the initial bet placed. The payout value is based on the winning combination formed. The total payout is the sum of all payline wins and Scatter wins resulting from a spin. Only the highest winning combination is awarded per symbol combination. The Paytable displays the payout for each symbol combination based on the current bet. If multiple winning combinations land on a single payline, only the highest win is awarded. The win up to multiplier displayed is rounded down, and is approximately the highest possible win achievable on a single spin. Wild Symbol This symbol appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 only. Wild symbols can substitute for all symbols except Scatters. The Wild symbol upon landing, expands covering the whole Reel. The Wild symbol does not have its own payout. Scatter Symbol Scatters can create their own winning combination when landing anywhere on the reels. Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Free Spins 3, 4 or 5 Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels trigger 12 Free Spins. Free Spins play out automatically. All bets played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. All lines played are the same as the spin that triggered this feature. Wins awarded during the feature are added to base game wins. 3, 4 or 5 Scatter symbols anywhere on the reels retrigger 12 Free Spins. Symbol Upgrade Any Wild that lands during Free Spins, in addition to expanding, triggers the Symbol Upgrade and awards additional Free Spins. 1 Wild symbol on the reels awards 1 additional Free Spin. 2 Wild symbols on the reels award 3 additional Free Spins. 3 Wild symbols on the reels award 5 additional Free Spins. The Symbol Upgrade mechanic upgrades the symbols based on the line-up above the reels. Every landed Wild upgrades the current lowest symbol in the line-up by one level. All instances of the upgraded symbol are replaced on the reels. Symbol upgrades occur after spin payouts. This feature is available in Free Spins only. Autoplay Autoplay allows a selected number of spins to play out automatically. Spins are played at the current selected bet. The number of spins remaining in the Autoplay session is displayed in the game. Game Controls Home button: Exits the game. Menu button: Displays a menu of general system and game options. Spin button: Starts a reel spin. Pressing the Spin button during the current spin stops the reels quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Pressing the Spin button during AutoPlay ends the current Autoplay session. Autoplay button: Displays Autoplay options. Bet: Displays the current total bet. Win: Displays the most recent win. Balance: Displays the Casino balances. Game Menu Help button: Displays help and additional information. Paytables button: Displays payout tables and game rules. Settings button: Displays the game settings. Bet Settings Bet Amount: Sets the current bet value. Min Bet button: Sets the current bet to the minimum value. Max Bet button: Sets the current bet to the maximum value. Autoplay Settings Spins: Sets the number of spins for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends when these spins have played out. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Total Bet: Sets the current bet value. Game Settings Quickspin: Enables Quickspin to resolve spins faster. This does not influence the results of the spin. Sounds: Enables game sounds. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. This value is fixed and does not change. This game has an RTP of 96.12% Additional Information Some settings and features may not be available in this game. If a spin request does not reach the Casino server before disconnection, the results of the previous spin played are displayed. In the event of a disconnection, the final game state is displayed on return to the game. Malfunctions void all pays and plays. The Casino balance is updated with the amount won or lost. The results of the last spin played are displayed. Bet Range Min Bet : €0.1 Max Bet : €100 Last modification date: 10/14/2020