Agent Jane Blonde Returns General Your bet is dependent on the number of paylines, the number of coins per payline and coin size played. The number of coins per line is calculated using the first 5 paylines only. For example, 5 coins bet per spin x first 5 paylines = 25 total coins bet. All paytables display the number of credits that are won for each combination. Only one regular winning combination is paid out per payline and you are paid out the value of the highest win. Bonus wins are added to regular wins. If you have a winning combination, the win is highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. Regular symbols Matching symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, starting from the first slot reel. Regular payouts depend on your bet per payline. Wild symbol This symbol creates a symbol stack in the regular slot game. This symbol does not substitute for the scatter symbol. This symbol creates its own winning combination. Scatter symbol This symbol cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. This symbol does not appear during the Respins feature. This symbol does not create its own win. Respins feature The scatter symbols that activate this feature turn into wild symbols. All wild symbols displayed on the reels are held. Respins continue until no new wild symbols appear on the reels. You are only paid out for winning combinations on the activation spin and the results of the final respin. You are not paid for transformed wild symbol combinations on the activation spin. You are not paid for winning combinations during the respins. The last bet you placed in the game is used as the feature bet amount. Winnings are automatically collected at the end of the feature. Paytable Achievements Tracks your win status by highlighting symbol combinations you have won. When you win all combinations for the same symbol it is highlighted. Achievements are permanently highlighted on the payout table, even after you exit the game. Regular game wins are logged as achievements. Wild symbol substitute wins are not logged as achievements. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. AutoPlay AutoPlay enables you to automatically play a set number of consecutive games without interacting with the game. AutoPlay plays with the last bet value you selected, so you must select a bet amount before starting AutoPlay. Each game has different options and AutoPlay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. The number of spins remaining in your AutoPlay session is displayed in the game. To start AutoPlay: 1.Select a bet amount. 2.Tap and hold Spin or tap AutoPlay. In some games this starts the session and it continues until you tap Stop. 3.Select your AutoPlay options. 4.Tap Start AutoPlay, Play or Spin. 5.Tap Stop to end AutoPlay. Tapping this button does not influence the results of the spin. AutoPlay Options AutoPlay options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. Number of spins Set the number of spins you want to play. Bet settings Set the bet amount you want to play. Until stop Set the session to play until you select to stop. This does not influence the results of the spin. Win Limit or If win at least Stop the session if the win exceeds or equals the amount selected. Loss Limit or If amount drops by Stop the session if your balance decreases and drops below or equals the amount selected. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Change my bet amount Tap Bet or go to game settings to choose your bet options. Bet Options Bet options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. (+) or (-) Selects the total amount you want to bet. Coin Size Selects the coin size you want to bet. Coins Per Line Selects the number of coins you want to bet per payline. Coins or Coins Bet Selects the number of coins you want to bet. Lines Selects the number of paylines you want to play. Quick Bet Displays a range of quick betting options to select your total bet amount. Max Bet or Max Places the maximum bet permitted. Depending on your game, this can convert the coin size and the number of coins to the maximum bet permitted. Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed, and does not change. This game has an RTP of 96.45%. Game controls Options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. Balance box Displays your casino balances. Bet box Displays your total bet amount per spin. Win box Displays your most recent wins. Bet button Displays your bet options. Spin button Starts the game. Stop button Displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. AutoPlay button Displays your AutoPlay options. AutoPlay button Displays your AutoPlay options. Quick spin button Quick spin increases the reel spin speed to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Menu button Displays the game settings and game paytable. The below currency symbol will not be shown in the game. The value shown will be in the player account currency. 1.ARS – Spanish (Argentina) 2.BGN - Bulgarian 3.CHF – Swiss 4.CZK – Czech 5.HUF - Hungarian 6.PLN - Polish 7.RON - Romanian 8.RUB - Russian 9.TRY - Turkish 10.BRL – Portuguese’s (Brazil) The maximum win from a single game is £250,000