Age of Conquest Wild Symbol • The Wild symbol is a wild symbol. • The Wild symbols can appear on any reel. • Wild symbols are available during the base game and the Free Spins feature. • The Wild symbol can substitute for all symbols except the Scatter symbol and the Diamond symbol. Free Spins • The Free Spins Scatter symbol is a scatter symbol. • 3 Free Spins Scatter symbols pay 2 times total bet and triggers Free Spins. • A choice of three features is offered when entering Free Spins. • Feature 1: 2 Free Spins awarded with 3 Wild Reels. • Feature 2: 8 Free Spins awarded with 2 Wild Reels. • Feature 3: 25 Free Spins awarded with 1 Wild Reel. • During Free Spins, 3 Free Spins Scatter symbols retrigger Free Spins. • Depending on the player's selected free spin feature 1 to 3 reels become Wild Reels during Free Spins. • All bets played in Free Spins are the same as the spin that triggered the Free Spins. • Free Spins Scatter symbols appear on reels 1, 3, and 5 • The Free Spins Scatter symbol cannot be substituted by any Wild symbol. • Free Spins Scatter wins are added to line wins. Diamond Collect • Each base reel has a Diamond Meter located above the reel. • Whenever a Diamond lands on a base reel it is added to the Diamond Meter above the reel. • Collecting 2 Diamonds in a Diamond Meter triggers the Wild Reel feature on that reel. • Diamonds are not collected on an active Wild Reel. • Diamond Meters persist for each bet level. Wild Reel • The Wild Reel feature makes all positions on a reel wild. • Wild Reels are active for 2 wagered spins in base game. • The Wild Reel feature is active for 1 to 3 random reels during Free Spins depending on player's choice. • Free Spins Scatter symbols shine through the Wild Reel. Line Payouts • Winnings paid out for a payline are dependent on the symbols displayed on the payline, once the reels have come to a stop. • Line wins are calculated by multiplying the line combination payout by the line bet. • The line bet is total bet divided by number of lines played. • The symbols must be next to each other on a payline to produce a winning line combination. • Payline winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, a winning payline combination must start with the leftmost payline position and continue on adjacent positions on the payline. • Line wins are paid out only on the highest paying combination on each line. • At most 1 winning combination is paid out per payline. • Only the available lines can produce a winning line combination. • You are paid the total of all payline wins that land on a spin. • The number of credits won is dependent on the line bet. Game Payouts • Winnings paid out on the slot machine are dependent on the symbols displayed in the reel area, once the reels have come to a stop. • All payout tables display the number of credits that are won for each winning combination. • Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Icons • Main Menu • Return • Decrement • Increment • Bet • Quick Spin • Mute / Unmute • Responsible Gaming • Player Protection • Loyalty • Game History • Transaction History • Banking • Settings • Paytable / Information • Help Files • Lobby • Discard • Some of these options may not be available in your location. Playing the Game • The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form winning combinations. The payout is dependent on the winning combinations formed. • Your balance is displayed in credits and is available in the console bar. • Select your bet by tapping the Bet icon or the Bet area. • Select your bet through the Main Menu or on the console bar. • Click spin to start spinning the reels. • Tap spin to start spinning the reels. • If enabled in Settings, you may press spacebar to spin. • Once the reels stop, wins are highlighted if you have a winning combination. You are paid out the win amount as displayed in the win box. • If you do not have a winning combination, the game is completed and you can play again. Bet Selection • Select your bet on the console bar with the Increment and Decrement icons, or by clicking the bet area. • You can also select your bet from the Main Menu using the Bet icon. • Select your bet by tapping Bet in the console bar or by tapping the Bet icon. Settings • The Settings panel provides access to multiple game settings. • Some settings may not be available in your location. • To access the Settings panel, open the Main Menu and select the Settings icon. • You can choose which settings to turn on or off. • Intro Screen setting displays the intro screen at startup. • Show Tutorial at Startup setting displays the tutorial on launching the game. • Quick Spin setting increases the speed of the slot reel spin. • All Sounds setting controls all sounds, including game and background sounds. • Game Sounds setting controls console and spin sounds, as well as sounds for winning combinations and sequences. (Only enabled if All Sounds is ON.) • Background Music setting controls background music. (Only enabled if All Sounds is ON.) • Spacebar to Spin setting allows you to spin the reels using your computer's spacebar. Autoplay • Using Autoplay, you can spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game. • A bet amount must be set before starting the Autoplay session, as Autoplay plays with the last bet value. • Autoplay can be stopped at any time. This does not influence the results of the spin. • Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. • Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. • Some settings and features may not be available in this game. • Triggering the Free Spin feature will stop Autoplay. Return to Player • The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. • This value is fixed and does not change. • This game has an RTP of 96.14% . The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Bet Range Min Bet : €0.20 Max Bet : €500 Last modification date: 6/16/2020