Anderthals Welcome to Anderthals, a video slot featuring Re-spin, Free Spins, 1X Bet awards, 2X Bet awards, Expanding Wilds, + Wilds, Wild X2, and Wild X3. Game Rules Anderthals is a video slot with 5 reels, 4 rows, and 40 lines. Win on a line pays if in succession from the leftmost to the rightmost position according to the PAYTABLE. Only the highest win per line is paid. Simultaneous wins on different lines are added. It is not possible to trigger Re-spin and Free Spins in the same spin. Wild symbols Wild symbols substitute for all symbols except the Feature Symbols. Wild symbols substitution pays the highest possible winning combination on a line according to the PAYTABLE. Re-spin In the base game, an activated feature spot with Expanding Wilds, + Wilds, Wild X2, or Wild X3 awards a Re-spin, in which these features are active. During the Re-spin, it is not possible to activate new features. Only one Re-spin can be awarded per spin. Feature Symbols Above the 5x4 reel area, there is a horizontal set of five spots that will fill up with random features every spin. Each feature spot corresponds to the reel directly below it. After a spin, if 2 or more Feature Symbols land, then the reels with the Feature Symbols will activate the features in the corresponding feature spots. In the base game, the features in the feature spots are Free Spins, 1X Bet, 2X Bet, Expanding Wilds, + Wilds, Wild X2, and Wild X3. Free Spins In the base game, if at least one of the activated feature spots is a Free Spins feature, then Free Spins are awarded. One activated Free Spins feature spot awards 8 Free Spins. Every additional activated Free Spins feature spot awards 2 extra Free Spins. All activated feature spots from the base game will remain active for the duration of Free Spins. During Free Spins, any Feature Symbols that land will activate the corresponding feature spot. Feature Symbols can only appear on the reels that have inactive feature spots. Any feature spots that are activated will remain active for the duration of Free Spins. In Free Spins, the feature in the inactive feature spots is +2 Free Spins. In Free Spins, the features in the active feature spots are 1X Bet, 2X Bet, Expanding Wilds, + Wilds, Wild X2, and Wild X3. In Free Spins, active feature spots will fill up with random features every spin. The last bet placed in the game is used as the Free Spins bet amount. +2 Free Spins During Free Spins, landing Feature Symbols on an inactive reel awards 2 extra Free Spins. 1X Bet A prize of 1X the bet is awarded immediately after the spin is complete. 2X Bet A prize of 2X the bet is awarded immediately after the spin is complete. Expanding Wilds Any Wild symbols that land on a reel with an active Expanding Wilds feature spot will expand, covering the entire reel with Wild symbols. + Wilds Extra Wild symbols are added to the reel with the active + Wilds feature spot. Wild X2 Wild symbols on the reel with the active Wild X2 feature spot become Wild X2. Wins with Wild X2 symbol are multiplied by 2X when completing a winning bet line according to the PAYTABLE. Only one feature spot may contain a Wild X2 per spin. The Wild X2 feature spot and the Wild X3 feature spot cannot occur on the same spin. Wild X3 Wild symbols on the reel with the active Wild X3 feature spot become Wild X3. Wins with Wild X3 symbol are multiplied by 3X when completing a winning bet line according to the PAYTABLE. Only one feature spot may contain a Wild X3 per spin. The Wild X3 feature spot and the Wild X2 feature spot cannot occur on the same spin. Game Terms Translations *The following table is only applicable in a language other than English English Term Translation ANDERTHALS ANDERTHALS FEATURE SYMBOLS FEATURE SYMBOLS RE-SPIN RE-SPIN 1X BET 1X BET 2X BET 2X BET EXPANDING WILDS EXPANDING WILDS + WILDS + WILDS WILD X2 WILD X2 WILD X3 WILD X3 FREE SPINS FREE SPINS WILD WILD BIG WIN BIG WIN MEGA WIN MEGA WIN JUST FOR THE WIN JUST FOR THE WIN EPIC WIN EPIC WIN Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed, and does not change. This game has an RTP of 96.12%. Game Controls Game Keypad Item/Description Spin Button Start the game with the current bet size as displayed in the bet field. Clicking or tapping anywhere on the reels during a spin displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Bet Settings Change the bet size by the up and down arrows or by selecting a value directly. Autoplay Settings Select a number of spins to auto play by the up and down arrows or by selecting a value directly. Start and stop the Autoplay by pressing the spin button. Bet Field Displays the current bet size. Balance Field Displays the current account balance. Win Field Displays the pay in a winning round. Game Menu Item/Description Menu Button Expand or collapse the game menu. Sound Settings Turn sound on or off. Advanced Settings Open the Advanced Settings menu. Turn Quick Spin on or off. Navigate to the Responsible Gaming pages. Paytable Displays the payout tables of the game. Lobby Navigate back to the Casino lobby. Banking Navigate to the Banking pages. * Each game has different options and Autoplay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020