Asian Beauty GENERAL In this game all 243 pay ways are permanently enabled. Your total bet amount is the number of coins you bet, multiplied by the bet multiplier. You can bet up to 10 coins per spin. A bet multiplier of 30 applies per spin. For example, 5 coins bet per spin x 30 bet multiplier = 150 total coins bet. Regular wins are created when the same symbols appear next to each other, with one of the symbols displayed on the first slot reel. One regular win is paid per pay way. If you have more than one combination, you are paid the win that has the highest value. Regular wins are calculated by taking the number of coins won, multiplied by the number of coins bet. Winning scatter combinations can appear in any position on the reels. Scatter wins are displayed as a multiplier value on the pay table. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. To convert your win amount in coins to credits, multiply the number of coins won by the coin size you bet. WILD SYMBOL Substitutes for other symbols to complete wins. Does not substitute for the scatter symbol. Creates its own win when multiple wild symbols appear next to each other, with one of the symbols displayed on the first slot reel. Regular win rules apply. SCATTER SYMBOL Does not need to appear next to each other on a pay way to win. Creates a scatter win when three or more appear anywhere on the reels. Is not substituted by the wild symbol. Activates Free Spins when three or more appear on the reels. Scatter wins are displayed as a multiplier value on the pay table. Scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the amount on the pay table by the total number of coins bet. Scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the amount on the pay table by the total number of coins bet. Mirror bonus Match symbols and win a bonus amount! Activates randomly in the regular slot game. Twelve mirrors are displayed. Behind each mirror is one of four different Beauties. Match three Beauties to win a multiplier value. The last bet you placed in the game is used as the bonus game bet amount. Your total bet amount is multiplied by the bonus multiplier won. If you activate the Free Spins bonus game and the Mirror bonus game on the same spin, the Mirror bonus game is played first. Free spins Spin for free! Activates when three or more scatter symbols appear on the reels. You are awarded up to 25 free spins. The number of symbols that activated the bonus game indicates the number of free spins you win. All wins are multiplied by 2. Re-activates when three or more scatter symbols appear in a free spin. You are awarded up to 25 more free spins. The last bet you placed in the game is used as the free spins bet amount. Enable quick spin Quick spin increases the reel spin speed to display your results quicker. Slide right to Settings . Tap quick spin Off . To disable quick spin, tap quick spin On . This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Configure my total bet Your total bet amount is the number of coins you bet, multiplied by the bet multiplier. Slide right to Settings . Tap Coin Size and select a coin size. Tap Coins and select the number of coins. Change my bet amount Your total bet amount is the number of coins you bet, multiplied by the bet multiplier. Tap Bet and select the total number of coins or credits you want to bet. The game you are playing may not have the option to bet in credits. Change from coins to credits You can change your balance, bet and win amounts to display in coins or credits. Tap Coins to convert to credits, or tap Credits to convert to coins. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Last modification date: 5/16/2018