Ancient Fortunes: Zeus Game Payouts Winnings paid out on the slot machine are dependent on the symbols displayed on the payline, once the reels have come to a stop. All payout tables display the number of credits that are won for each winning combination. Line Payouts Line wins are calculated by multiplying the line combination payout by the win multiplier and the bet staked per line. For a combination of regular symbols to produce a winning line combination, the following criteria must be met: The symbols must be next to each other on a payline, starting from left to right or starting from right to left. For payline winning combinations paying out from left to right, a winning payline combination must start with the leftmost payline position and continue on adjacent positions on the payline. For payline winning combinations paying out from right to left, a winning payline combination must start with the rightmost payline position and continue on adjacent positions on the payline. The win multiplier is applied to line pays as each win is revealed. The win multiplier increases with each consecutive roll, up to a maximum. The Base Gamewin multiplier starts at 1 and increases to 2, 3, and 7 with each winning roll. Free Spins Payouts You are awarded 10 to 50 free spins, depending on the winning combinations of Free Spinssymbols on one or more paylines of the triggering spin. All bets played in Free Spinsare the same as the spin that triggered the Free Spinsfeature. The Free Spins win multiplier starts at 3 and increases to 7, 11, and 21 with each winning roll. Game Rules See sections below for information about the game rules. General Rules Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Wild Symbol Rules The Wildsymbol is a wild symbol. The Wildsymbol appears on reels 2, 3, and 4. The Wildsymbol can substitute for any symbol including the Free Spinssymbol. At most 1 winning combination from the left is paid out per payline. At most 1 winning combination from the right is paid out per payline. In either direction, if there is more than 1 possible winning combination on a payline, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. Rolling Reels™ Rules Any win activates the Rolling Reels™feature. Winning symbol combinations are removed from the reels after you are paid out. When the Free Spin feature is triggered, winning combinations are removed after the feature completes. If a winning combination results from the shifting symbols, you are paid out again. The symbols above the removed symbols shift position to fill the empty spaces. You are awarded a multiplier value for each rolling reel. The multiplier value increases on every consecutive win. This process repeats itself, increasing your chances of winning without betting on another spin. Multiplier Trail Rules The win multiplier is applied to line pays as each win is revealed. The win multiplier increases with each consecutive roll, up to a maximum. The Base Gamewin multiplier starts at 1 on each base spin and continues to 2, 3, and 7 with each winning roll. The Free Spinswin multiplier starts at 3 on each free spin and continues to 7, 11, and 21 with each winning roll. Free Spins Symbol Rules 3 or more Free Spinssymbols can form a winning combination on a payline from the left or from the right. Free Spinssymbols can be substituted by the Wildsymbol. 3, 4, or 5 Free Spinssymbols award 10, 15, or 20 spins of the Free Spinsgame, respectively. Only the longest combination applies per payline in either direction, left or right. Free spins can be awarded on multiple paylines and in both directions. Free Spins Rules You are awarded 10 to 50 initial free spins, depending on the winning combinations of Free Spinssymbols on one or more paylines of the triggering spin. All bets during Free Spinsare the same as the triggering spin. The Free Spinswin multiplier starts at 3 on each free spin and continues to 7, 11, and 21 with each winning roll. Free Spinscan be re-triggered during Free Spins. Betting and Payout Rules Winnings are paid out only on the highest combination in either direction on each line. Line winning combinations pay out from left-to-right or right-to-left. Thus, one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel for winning combinations from the left, or on the last slot reel for winning combinations from the right. A symbol combination starting from a different slot reel does not pay out. The symbols must be next to each other on a line. Line wins are calculated by multiplying the line combination payout by the win multiplier and the bet staked per line. All payout tables display the number of credits that are won for each combination. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Icons Below are the icons used through out the game and their descriptions. Icons Icons Descriptions Main Menu Return Decrement Increment Bet Quick Spin Mute / Unmute Responsible Gaming Loyalty Play Check Cash Check Banking Settings Paytable / Information Descriptions Help Files Lobby Discard Note: • Some of these options may not be available in your location. Playing the Game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form a winning combination on a payline. The payout is dependent on the winning combination formed. To play: Your balance is displayed in credits and is available in the console bar and settings panel. To select your bet amount: Desktop Settings Panel Open the Menuby clicking the icon. Click the Settings icon. Select the value you want from the visible options. Scroll up or down with the mouse wheel or using the scroll bar for more options. Desktop Console Bar Click the Betarea. Select the value you want from the visible options. Scroll up or down with the mouse wheel or using the scroll bar for more options. Click Max Betto bet the maximum permitted. Mobile Open the Bet Panelby tapping the icon. Tap the value you want from the visible options. Swipe up or down in the bet panel for more options. Tap Max Betto bet the maximum permitted. Click or Tap Spinto start spinning the reels. Once the reels stop, wins are highlighted if you have a winning line combination. You are paid out the win amount as displayed in the Winbox. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is completed and you can play again. Settings The Settingspanel provides access to multiple game settings. Desktop Open the Menuby clicking the icon. Click the Settings icon. Click the Generaltab from the top of the panel. Mobile Open the Menuby tapping the icon. Tap the Settings icon. You can choose which to turn on or off. Intro Screendisplays the intro screen at startup. Show Tutorial At Startup(Mobile only). Quick Spinincreases the speed of the slot reel spin. All Soundscontrols all sounds, including game and background sounds. Game Soundscontrols console and spin sounds, as well as sounds for winning combinations and sequences. Background Musiccontrols background music.Note: Some of these options may not be available in your location. Game Soundsand Background Musicare only enabled if All Soundsis ON AutoPlay You can spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game, using AutoPlay. About AutoPlay AutoPlay and some of the related options may not be available in the game you are playing. A bet amount must be set before starting the AutoPlay session, as AutoPlay plays with the last bet value. AutoPlay can be stopped at any time. This does not influence the results of the spin. Triggering any feature will stop AutoPlay. Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed, and does not change. This game has an RTP of 96.02%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 9/3/2020