Agent Valkyrie Agent Valkyrie is a 5x3 reel, twenty five fixed payline slot game. General Scatter symbol Wild symbol Base Game Feature Free Spin Mission Accept Awarded Mission Create Own Mission Autoplay General Game has fixed 25 lines. If you have a winning combination lined up on the payline, the win is highlighted on the reels. Regular wins are created when the same symbols appear next to each other on a payline, with one of the symbols displayed on the first slot reel. One regular win is paid per line. If you have more than one combination, you are paid the win that has the highest value. Regular wins depend on your bet per line except Scatter. Bet per line = (Coin size * Coins Bet). Regular wins in paytable are displayed in credits, so if your total bet is 0.25 credits per spin, your bet per line = total bet / number of paylines i.e. 0.25 credits / 25 paylines = 0.01 credits. Your total payout is calculated as { (bet per line * credits won on minimum bet) * 100 }. For example a 5 of a kind win of King symbol which is 0.50 credits, the total payout amount will come as { (0.01 bet per line * 0.50 credits won on minimum bet) * 100 } = 0.50 credits. The Win up to value is displayed in coins in the game paytable which is the maximum value that can be won by the player while playing on maximum bet. This value is achieved using the combination of regular wins itself. So the conversion from coins to credits would be (Max win value in coins * Maximum bet per line) = Max win value in credits. For example, the Max win value is 1000 coins and you play on maximum bet which is 25 credits per spin, your Maximum bet per line = maximum bet / number of paylines i.e. 25 credits / 25 paylines = 1 credits. So your Max win value in credits is calculated as (1000 coins * 1 credits) = 1000 credits. For providing more information to the player in calculating the payouts, this game has a dynamic paytable. The payouts displayed in the paytable for all the symbol combinations are the final amounts in credits which is already multiplied by active bet per line and paid to the player except Scatter (refer Scatter symbol section for details). You are paid out the win amount displayed in the Paid box. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. The theoretical percentage return to player is 96.046%. Scatter Symbol is a Scatter symbol. 5, 4, 3 Scatter symbols scattered anywhere award 15, 11 or 7 Free Spin Mission round respectively. Scatter symbol cannot be substituted by the Wild symbol. Scatter wins are multiplied by total bet and added to payline wins. Base pay of the Scatter symbol for the particular combination can be calculated as (credits won on minimum bet / number of paylines) * 100. So total payouts for the Scatter win can be calculated as (base pay of the Scatter symbol combination * total bet). For providing more information to the player in calculating the payouts, this game has a dynamic paytable. Scatter payouts displayed in the paytable are the final amounts in credits which are already multiplied by the total bet and paid to the player. Wild symbol Agent Valkyrie symbol is a Wild symbol. Wild substitutes for all symbols except Scatter and Coin symbols. Base Game Feature is a Coin symbol. Coin symbol can appear on reel 2, 3 and 4 during base game only. Any Coin symbol appearing will be collected on top of the respective reel. Whenever 3 Coins are collected on top of any reel, player is awarded a re-spin and a feature as follows: 3 Coins on top of reel 2 awards Wild Reels. 3 Coins on top of reel 3 awards Flying Wilds. 3 Coins on top of reel 4 awards Capture Criminals. Base Game Feature will be triggered when all three Coins are collected on the same bet. Coins collected on top of the reels are linked to the respective bet on the spins on which they appeared. During re-spin, Coin and Scatter symbols will not be available. Wins of re-spins are paid in addition to original spin. Wild Reels: During Wild Reels feature, any 1 or 2 reels will turn Wild. Flying Wilds: During Flying Wilds feature, Wild symbols will land on random positions on the reels converting them into Wilds. Capture Criminals: Any criminal symbols available on reel area will be marked as 'captured' turning them into Wild symbols. The criminal symbols that can be 'captured' are: Free Spin Mission is a Scatter symbol. 5, 4 or 3 Scatter symbols scattered anywhere award 15, 11 or 7 Free Spin Mission round respectively. Free Spin Mission offers two options to the player out of which the player can choose any one. Accept Awarded Mission Create Own Mission Only one Scatter symbol can appear on each spin during either Mission. Each Scatter symbol will award 1 additional Free Spin. All bets and lines played are the same as those that started the Free Spin Mission round. Free Spin Mission wins are added to payline and Scatter wins. Accept Awarded Mission is a Scatter symbol. 5, 4 or 3 Scatter symbols scattered anywhere award 15, 11 or 7 Free Spin Mission round respectively. Free Spin Mission offers two options to the player out of which the player can choose any one. Accept Awarded Mission Create Own Mission During Accept Awarded Mission round, player is awarded one of the Wild Reels, Flying Wilds or Capture Criminals features randomly on each Free Spin. Create Own Mission is a Scatter symbol. 5, 4 or 3 Scatter symbols scattered anywhere award 15, 11 or 7 Free Spin Mission round respectively. Free Spin Mission offers two options to the player out of which the player can choose any one. Accept Awarded Mission Create Own Mission During Create Own Mission round, player is shown 3 features - Wild Reels, Flying Wilds and Capture Criminals with a meter for each. Player can distribute the awarded number of Free Spins among the three features in any fashion. Autoplay You can also spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game, using Autoplay. You must select a bet amount before you start Autoplay, as it plays with the last bet value. Tap/Click Autoplay On . Tap/Click the number of spins you want to play. The Autoplay session automatically starts playing. To stop Autoplay, Tap/Click Stop . Custom Mode Autoplay is also available with Custom Mode where some Autoplay Settings are available. Autoplay Settings Coin Size: You can select a coin size before you start Autoplay, as it plays with the last bet value. Coins Bet : Coins Bet is the number of coins allowed per line. Coins Bet differ between games. Total Bet : Total Bet displays the Total Bet value. Total Bet = (Coin Size * Coins Bet * Number of paylines). Spins: You can set the number of times the slot reels spin during your Autoplay session. Win Limit Stop spins : if the number of credits won on any spin exceeds or equals the amount selected. Loss Limit Stop spins: if Autoplay exceed the loss limit value with the next bet. Until Stop Continue: Autoplay until you Tap/Click the Stop button or stops if Free Spins or another bonus feature is triggered. Keyboard Shortcut Spin/Stop Button can be selected by pressing Space bar on Keyboard. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/5/2020