A Dark Matter About A Dark Matter A Dark Matter is a five reel, five payline slot machine, including: Regular symbols Wild symbol Scatter symbol Invading Wilds™ feature Free Spins bonus game Paytable Achievements feature This feature may not be available in the game you are General All paylines are permanently enabled for every Your bet is dependent on the number of paylines, the number of coins per payline and coin size All paytables display the number of credits that are won for each Only one regular winning combination is paid out per payline and you are paid out the value of the highest win. Only one scatter winning combination is paid out per spin and you are paid out the value of the highest win. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular If you have a winning combination, the win is highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play Regular symbols Matching symbols must be next to each other on an enabled Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right and right-to-left, starting from the first or fifth slot Regular payouts depend on your bet per payline. Wild symbol This symbol only appears on reels 2, 3 and This symbol creates a wild symbol stack on reels 2 and This symbol does not substitute for the scatter Scatter symbol Invading Wilds™ feature This symbol only appears on reels 2, 3 and This symbol creates its own winning combination when three symbols appear on the reels. This symbol does not need to appear on an enabled payline to This symbol cannot be substituted by the wild Scatter payouts depend on your total Invading Wilds™ feature A wild symbol stack on reels 2 or 4 turns an adjacent reel into a wild During a regular game, a wild symbol stack on reels 2 and 4 turns reel 3 During free spins, a wild symbol stack on reels 2 and 4 turns reel 3 wild and doubles your win for that Free Spins bonus game The last bet you placed in the game is used as the free spins bet During free spins each scatter symbol that appears on the reels awards 1 free Scatter symbol rules Winnings are automatically collected during the free Paytable Achievements feature Tracks your win status by highlighting symbol combinations you have When you win all combinations for the same symbol it is Achievements are permanently highlighted on the payout table, even after you exit the Regular game wins are logged as Wild symbol substitute wins are not logged as Free spins wins are not logged as This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed, and does not change. This game has an RTP of 96.18%. Game Controls Item Description Balance box Displays your Casino balances. Bet box Displays your total bet amount per spin. Win box Displays your most recent win amount. ≡ button Displays a menu of game options. Bet selection (+/-) · Coins Per Line Selects the number of coins you want to bet per payline. · Coin Size Selects the coin size you want to bet. · Quick Bet Displays a range of quick betting options to select your total bet amount. Quick Bet Displays a range of quick betting options to select your total bet amount. AutoPlay Displays the AutoPlay options where you can select to spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game. Tell me more about AutoPlay AutoPlay Stop Displays the number of spins remaining and can stop the session. This does not influence the results of the spin. Quick spin Increases the reel spin speed to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Item Description Spin button Starts the game. Stop button Displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. ··· button Displays the game payout tables and a menu of game options. Bet selection (+/-) · Coins Per Line Selects the number of coins you want to bet per payline. · Coin Size Selects the coin size you want to bet. · Quick Bet Displays a range of quick betting options to select your total bet amount. AutoPlay Displays the AutoPlay options where you can select to spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game. Tell me more about AutoPlay Settings Displays the game settings. · Sounds Quick spin Settings button Displays the game settings. · Sounds Turns game sounds on or off. · Quick spin · Quick spin increases the reel spin speed to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Each game has different options and AutoPlay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing AutoPlay AutoPlay enables you to automatically play a set number of consecutive games without interacting with the game. In some games AutoPlay is available in Expert mode AutoPlay plays with the last bet value you selected, so you must select a bet amount before starting Each game has different options and AutoPlay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are The number of spins remaining in your AutoPlay session is displayed in the What do you want to do? Learn about AutoPlay options AutoPlay options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. AutoPlay Options Number of spins Set the number of spins you want to play. Number of seconds between spins Set the delay between AutoPlay spins. Until stop Set the session to play until you select to stop. This does not influence the results of the spin. Stop if a win exceeds or equals Stop the session if the win exceeds or equals the amount selected. Win Limit or If win at least Stop the session if the win exceeds or equals the amount selected. Loss Limit or If amount drops by Stop the session if your balance decreases and drops below or equals the amount selected. Stop once all spins are complete Stop after playing the number of spins selected. Stop when jackpot is won Stop spins if the Jackpot is won. Stop on any win Stop the session if you win on a spin. Stop if credits increase by Stop the session if your balance increases and exceeds or equals the amount selected. Stop if credits decrease by Stop the session if your balance decreases and drops below or equals the amount selected. Stop on a feature Stops if Free Spins or another bonus feature is activated. Start AutoPlay without showing this dialog Start future sessions without viewing the AutoPlay settings, using your saved settings or the default settings. Start AutoPlay If the game has Expert mode, click Expert . Select a bet Click AutoPlay . In some games this starts the session and it continues until you tap Stop. Select your AutoPlay Click Start or Start AutoPlay . Click Stop to end AutoPlay. Clicking this button does not influence the results of the spin. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Page last updated on 21/11/2018 The maximum win from a single game is £250,000