Atlantean Treasures Mega Moolah See sections below for information about the game rules. General Rules Malfunction voids all pays and plays. The size of the playable game grid is 5x3 reels. Wild Symbol Rules The Wild symbol is a wild symbol. The Wild symbol can substitute for all symbols except the Progressive Trigger The Wild symbol can only appear on reels 2, 3, and 4. Wild symbols are available during the base game and Respin Respin Feature Rules One or more Wild symbols appearing anywhere on reels 2, 3, or 4 activates the Respin During the Respin feature, the Wild symbol expands to cover the entire reel and locks in place while the other reels respin. If a new Wild symbol lands during a respin, it expands and locks along with any previously expanded Wild symbols for another respin. The Respin feature ends when no new Wild symbols appear during a respin. Up to 2 additional Wild symbols can appear after a Wild symbol activates a respin, triggering an additional respin, for a maximum of 3 respins. The respins are played at the same bet as the round activating the respins. All bets and lines played are the same as the spin that triggered the Respin The respins awarded will play out automatically. Betting and Payout Rules Winnings are paid out only on the highest combination in either direction on each line. Line winning combinations pay out from left-to-right or right-to-left. Thus, one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel for winning combinations from the left, or on the last slot reel for winning combinations from the right. A symbol combination starting from a different slot reel does not pay out. The symbols must be next to each other on a line. At most 1 winning combination from the left is paid out per payline. At most 1 winning combination from the right is paid out per payline. All lines must be played. In either direction, if there is more than 1 possible winning combination on a payline, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. Line wins are calculated by multiplying the line combination payout by the line bet. The line bet is total bet divided by number of lines played. All payout tables display the number of credits that are won for each combination. The number of credits won is dependent on the line bet. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Progressive Wheel Trigger Collecting Progressive Trigger symbols scattered on screen gives a chance at winning a spin of the Progressive Wheel . The chance of triggering scales with bet. The Progressive Trigger symbol can only appear on reels 2, 3, and 4. The Progressive Trigger symbol may appear over any symbol except Wild . Progressive Trigger symbols are not available in the Respin feature. If you activate the Progressive Wheel and the Respin feature, the Progressive Wheel activates first. Then the Respin feature activates. Wins from both are then added to your winnings. Only the Progressive Trigger symbols collected on the current spin contribute to the chance of triggering a jackpot. The graphical collection pot in the game is purely for visual entertainment and as such does not influence awarding a jackpot. Progressive Wheel Rules You can win one of the four guaranteed progressive jackpots. The progressive jackpots are constantly accumulating prizes. The progressive jackpots are funded by a percentage of player wagers. The Progressive Wheel consists of a wheel divided into coloured segments. Each segment is associated with a different progressive jackpot. Depending on where the wheel stops, you can win one of the progressive jackpots. Progressive jackpots are only available to real players. When a progressive jackpot is won, all players worldwide are notified and the jackpot resets. Progressive Wheel Payouts The Mega progressive jackpot resets to 1000 000 credits. The Major progressive jackpot resets to 10 000 credits. The Minor progressive jackpot resets to 100 credits. The Mini progressive jackpot resets to 10 credits. The current values of the progressive jackpots are displayed in the game. The Casino has taken every possible precaution to ensure that the values displayed in the game matches the value on the Casino server. The values are reviewed and increased periodically. The values on the server are used when you are paid out. All progressive wins are independent of the bet. All progressive wins are subject to final confirmation by the Casino and the software supplier. Their decision is final and no correspondence will be entered into. The Casino management and software supplier have the right to change or amend any of these rules and regulations at their discretion. If the Casino management and software supplier waiver any of these rules and regulations, this does not mean they will automatically be waived in the future. Game Payouts Winnings paid out on the slot machine are dependent on the symbols displayed in the reel area once the reels have come to a stop. All payout tables display the number of credits that are won for each winning combination. Line Payouts Winnings paid out for a payline are dependent on the symbols displayed on the payline, once the reels have come to a stop. Line wins are calculated by multiplying the line combination payout by the line bet. The line bet is total bet divided by number of lines played. For a combination of regular symbols to produce a winning line combination, the following criteria must be met: The symbols must be next to each other on a payline, starting from left to right or starting from right to left. For payline winning combinations paying out from left to right, a winning payline combination must start with the leftmost payline position and continue on adjacent positions on the payline. For payline winning combinations paying out from right to left, a winning payline combination must start with the rightmost payline position and continue on adjacent positions on the payline. You are paid the total of all payline wins that land on a spin. Respin Payouts All payouts and rules are the same as the triggering spin. The respins are played at the same bet as the round activating the respins. Icons Below are the icons used throughout the game and their descriptions. Icons Descriptions Main Menu Return Decrement Increment Bet Quick Spin Mute / Unmute Responsible Gaming Player Protection Loyalty Game History Transaction History Banking Settings Paytable / Information Help Files Lobby Discard Note: Some of these options may not be available in your location. Playing the Game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form winning combinations. The payout is dependent on the winning combinations formed. To play: Your balance is displayed in credits and is available in the console bar. To select your bet amount: Desktop Settings Panel 1. Open the Menu by clicking the icon. 2. Click the Bet icon. 3. Select the value you want from the visible options. 4. Scroll up or down with the mouse wheel or using the scroll bar for more options. 5. Click Max Bet to bet the maximum permitted. Desktop Console Bar 1. Click the Bet area. 2. Select the value you want from the visible options. 3. Scroll up or down with the mouse wheel or using the scroll bar for more options. 4. Click Max Bet to bet the maximum permitted. Mobile 1. Open the Bet Panel by tapping the icon. 2. Tap the value you want from the visible options. 3. Swipe up or down in the bet panel for more options. 4. Tap Max Bet to bet the maximum permitted. Click or Tap Spin to start spinning the reels. You can also tap the reels to spin (mobile only). If enabled in Settings, you may press spacebar to spin (desktop only). Once the reels stop, wins are highlighted if you have a winning combination. You are paid out the win amount as displayed in the Win If you do not have a winning combination, the game is completed and you can play again. Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed, and does not change. This game has a progressive jackpot. The progressive jackpot is funded by a percentage of player wagers. The progressive jackpot contribution is 5.30%. This game has an RTP of 86.78%. AutoPlay You can spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game, using AutoPlay. About AutoPlay AutoPlay and some of the related options may not be available in the game you are playing. A bet amount must be set before starting the AutoPlay session, as AutoPlay plays with the last bet value. AutoPlay can be stopped at any time. This does not influence the results of the spin. Triggering the Progressive Wheel will stop AutoPlay. Settings The Settings panel provides access to multiple game settings. Desktop 1. Open the Menu by clicking the icon. 2. Click the Settings icon. Mobile 1. Open the Menu by tapping the icon. 2. Tap the Settings icon. You can choose which to turn on or off. Intro Screen displays the intro screen at startup. Show Tutorial At Startup (Mobile only). Quick Spin increases the speed of the slot reel spin. All Sounds controls all sounds, including game and background sounds. Game Sounds controls console and spin sounds, as well as sounds for winning combinations and sequences. Background Music controls background music. Spacebar to Spin allows you to spin the reels using your computer's spacebar (Desktop Only). Note: Some of these options may not be available in your location. Game Sounds and Background Music are only enabled if All Sounds is ON . The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020