Ancient Warriors About Ancient Warriors™ Ancient Warriors™ is a 4 reel 50 line ANY ADJACENT PAYS™ slot game including: Regular Symbols Wild Symbol Wild Multiplier Symbols Feature Symbol Scatter Symbol Wild Transformation Feature Stacked Multipliers Feature Ancient Warriors™ Bonus Spins Paytable Achievements Feature Game Rules General The base game includes a gameboard consisting of 4 reels, with 6 symbol rows each and 50 active paylines. Featuring: ANY ADJACENT PAYS™ - Winning combinations can be anywhere on the reels! 3 or more matching symbols on a payline, on adjacent reels, represent a winning combination. Only the highest win per payline will be paid. Payline wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier of the winning game. Your bet multiplier is equal to the number of credits played divided by 0.20. For example, 0.40 credits bet per spin = 0.40 / 0.20 = a bet multiplier of 2. All payout tables display the number of credits that are won for each combination for the current bet multiplier. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you may play again. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Regular Symbols Matching symbols must be next to each other on a payline. Payouts depend on your bet multiplier per spin. Wild Symbol This symbol is a wild symbol and substitutes for all paying symbols except wild multiplier symbols. This symbol does not substitute for scatter symbols. This symbol also creates its own combination. Wild Multiplier Symbols These symbols are wild multiplier symbols and substitute for all paying symbols except other wild multiplier symbols. Each wild multiplier symbol included in a winning combination multiplies the pay for that win by 2, 3, 4, 5, or 10 times, respectively. These symbols do not substitute for scatter symbols. These symbols also create their own combinations. Feature Symbol This symbol is a feature symbol and does not pay. Scatter Symbol This symbol is a scatter symbol. During the Ancient Warriors™ Bonus Spins, the scatter symbol appears on reels 2 and 4 only. Wild Transformation Feature The Wild Transformation Feature is triggered on a reel that lands exactly 1 or 2 feature symbols in rows 3, 4 or 5. Each of the feature symbols in rows 3, 4, or 5 of the reel transforms to a wild symbol. The Wild Transformation Feature completes when all wild transformations are complete. The Wild Transformation Feature can not be triggered during the Ancient Warriors™ Bonus Spins. Stacked Multipliers Feature The Stacked Multipliers Feature is triggered on a reel that lands a feature symbol in rows 3, 4 and 5. The feature symbols in rows 3, 4, and 5 of the reel each transform to the same 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, or 10x wild multiplier symbol. The Stacked Multipliers Feature completes when all wild multiplier transformations are complete. • The Stacked Multipliers Feature can not be triggered during the Ancient Warriors™ Bonus Spins. Ancient Warriors™ Bonus Spins • 3 or more scatters trigger the Ancient Warriors™ Bonus Spins. 5 bonus spins are awarded. Each bonus spin, feature symbols that land in rows 3, 4, or 5 are locked for the duration of the Ancient Warriors™ Bonus Spins. On a reel with 1 or 2 locked feature symbols, each of the locked feature symbols is transformed to a wild symbol. On a reel with 3 locked feature symbols, each of the locked feature symbols is transformed to the same 2x, 3x, 4x, 5x, or 10x wild multiplier symbol. Each scatter symbol landed during the Ancient Warriors™ Bonus Spins awards an extra bonus spin, up to a total of 10 spins. The bonus spins bet multiplier is determined by the bet multiplier of the bonustriggering spin. After the final bonus spin concludes the Ancient Warriors™ Bonus Spins are complete. Bonus wins are added to regular wins. Paytable Achievements Feature This feature tracks your win status by highlighting symbol combinations you have won. Achievements are highlighted on the payout table with a check mark. AutoPlay AutoPlay enables you to automatically play a set number of consecutive spins without interacting with the game. Each game has different options and AutoPlay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. The number of spins remaining in your AutoPlay session is displayed in the game. RTP is not affected. What do you want to do? Learn about Autoplay options Each game has different options and AutoPlay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. AutoPlay Options SPINS Set the number of spins you want to play. WIN LIMIT Stop the session if the win exceeds or equals the amount selected. LOSS LIMIT Stop the session if your balance decreases by the amount selected or more. Start AutoPlay Select AutoPlay . Select your AutoPlay options. Select Start AutoPlay . Select the AutoPlay stop button to end AutoPlay. This does not affect the results of the spin. Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed, and does not change. This game has an RTP of 96.00%. Game Controls Item Description Bet Size box Displays your bet options. • Select (up arrow) or (down arrow) to select the total amount you want to bet. Balance box Displays your Casino balances. Win box Displays your most recent win. Spin button Starts the game. This can be triggered by the spacebar if it is available. Stop button Displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. This can be triggered by the spacebar if it is available. Item Description Menu button Displays the game settings and game paytable. SETTINGS Toggle sounds, left-hand console mode, and background motion (these options may not be available). PAYTABLE Displays the game payout tables. Scroll up and down to browse the payout tables. TUTORIAL Displays the game tutorial. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. RESPONSIBLE GAMING Displays Responsible Gaming. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. AutoPlay button Displays the AutoPlay options where you can select to spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game. Select AutoPlay and select the number of spins you want to play and the stop options. Tell me more about AutoPlay QuickSpin button QuickSpin increases the reel spin speed to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Turn QuickSpin on and off. X button Closes the game. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing.