Astro Legends Lyra and Erion About Astro Legends: Lyra and Erion is a video slot game that has a cluster pays feature, Multiplier Wild, Sonic Respin and Lyra spirit bonus. Some features and options may not be available in the game you are playing, which ensures compliance with the regulations. For example, the Autoplay feature may not be available due to compliance matters. Playing the Game • The game is played with clusters of symbols on a field of 22 crystal cells. • There are no pay lines. • A symbol is part of a cluster if it is connected to another symbol of the same type by one of the cell sides. • A symbol is not part of a cluster if it is connected to another symbol by the cell corner only. • A win is awarded according to the pay table when five or more symbols appear in a cluster. • Only the highest winning combination in a cluster is paid. • Multiple clusters of the same symbol that are not adjacent to each other are paid as separate clusters. • Simultaneous wins from multiple clusters are added up. • The total win amount from all valid clusters is immediately credited to the balance. • The Multiplier Wild symbol may only appear in 3 red cells. • Whenever a Multiplier Wild lands as part of a cluster of 5 or more like symbols, it multiplies the award for that cluster by a randomly selected value, ranging from 2x to 5x. • The total win amount from all valid clusters is immediately credited to the balance. • The Multiplier Wild symbol may only appear in 3 red cells. • Whenever a Multiplier Wild lands as part of a cluster of 5 or more like symbols, it multiplies the award for that cluster by a randomly selected value, ranging from 2x to 5x. Payouts • There are no pay lines. • The game is played with clusters of symbols on a field of 22 crystal cells. • A symbol is part of a cluster if it is connected to another symbol of the same type by one of the cell sides. - Confidential - Page 4 of 8 Copyright © Microgaming 2013 • Your bet is dependent on the number of coins and coin size played. • A bet multiplier of 10 applies per spin. For example, 1 coin bet per spin * 10 multiplier = 10 total coins bet. • All payout table win amounts in PlayCheck are displayed in coins. • To convert your win amount in coins to credits, multiply the number of coins won by the coin size bet. • Winnings will be awarded according to the pay table. • Only the highest winning combination in a cluster is paid. • Simultaneous wins from multiple clusters are added up. • The total win amount from all valid clusters is immediately credited to the balance. Refresh Refresh displays the results of the last game played when you return to that game. Refresh does the following if you are disconnected from the Casino server or Internet: • If your computer is disconnected before the results of the last game are displayed, then the amount you won or lost, your credit balance, and the final game state is displayed when you return to the game. • If your computer is disconnected while a game is in progress and you can still make decisions in the game, you are able to complete that game when you return to it. • If the request to play a new game does not reach the Casino server before you are disconnected, the results of the previous game are displayed when you return to the game. Multiplier Wild • The Multiplier Wild symbol may only appear in 3 red cells. • The Multiplier Wild symbol can substitute any symbol. • Any win which uses a Multiplier Wild has its payout multiplied by a random multiplier from 2x to 5x. • Multiplier values are added together if a win cluster has more than one Multiplier Wild symbol. Sonic Respin • A cluster win will randomly activate the Respin* feature if all winning clusters have the same symbol. • During the Respin, the winning symbols are held and all other symbols will re-spin. - Confidential - Page 5 of 8 Copyright © Microgaming 2013 • If the winning cluster increases or if an additional cluster of 5 or more symbols of the same type is formed, then all these symbols will also be held and the remaining non-winning symbols will re-spin again. • The respins continue until the spin doesn’t increase the size of the cluster or until a cluster completely fills up the screen. • The final cluster win is awarded according to the paytable. • During Respin it is not possible to win on any symbol other than the symbol that activated the Respin. • Respin is played with the same bet as the spin that triggered it. * In this and other instances, 'Respin' refers to 'Sonic Respin'. The stardust collection • The stardust bubble may randomly appear anywhere on the reels. • The stardust bubble doesn’t replace a symbol but lands on the symbol. • Once Lyra bursts the stardust bubble, a random number of points between 2 and 10 is added to the stardust collection. • The Lyra spirit bonus is triggered after a player has collected 100 points or more. • Any extra points are carried over to the next round. • The stardust collection counter is linked to the bet value. • If the bet value has been modified, the collection counter will be changed according to the corresponding bet value. • Lyra turns into a wolf and the Lyra spirit bonus begins. Lyra spirit bonus • The wolf has 3 lives when the bonus begins. • In each of the 7 bonus levels, the player chooses one of the three paths for the wolf to collect gems and try to avoid being hit by Erion. • Erion hits one of the three paths at levels 1-3 and two of the three paths at levels 4-7. • The wolf loses 1 life if its selected path is hit by Erion. • The wolf collects gems, at random, on whichever path is chosen, even if the path that the player picks for the wolf is hit by Erion. • Pay per gem is increased by each bonus level. • All pays are multipliers to the total bet. Level Multiplier to the total bet 1 0.2 2 0.6 3 1 4 2 5 3 6 4 7 5 • The Lyra spirit bonus continues until the player has made it through 7 levels or until the wolf has been hit by Erion three times. • An extra prize of 20 times the total bet will be awarded if the wolf has one or more lives left at the end of the 7th level. • The Lyra spirit bonus is played with the same bet as the spin that triggered it. Achievements • Playing with real money, the player automatically makes progress toward getting achievements within the game. • Each achievement is connected with an event that happens in the game. • The game event has to happen a certain amount of times before the achievement is completed. • Most achievements have 3 levels but some only have 2 levels. • The levels are: bronze, silver and gold. • Each level has its own reward. • A player gets a reward as soon as he or she has completed an achievement. • Decisions about rewards are made by the Casino operator. • On the Achievements page, the player can find information about the achievement title, the description of the action needed to obtain the achievement and the progress bar towards completing the current achievement level. Autoplay You can play without having to press the spin button every time. Set Autoplay settings by pressing the Autoplay button. You can choose the number of spins to play, as well as loss and win limits. The loss limit prevents you from losing more than the set limit during an Autoplay session. The single win limit stops Autoplay when the win reaches the set limit. Autoplay will be stopped automatically when the feature is triggered. Autoplay Options Number of spins Set the number of spins you want to play. Custom settings: Loss limit Stop the session if the number of credits decreases past the amount selected. Custom settings: Single win limit Stop spins if the number of credits won on any spin exceeds or equals the amount selected. Click Autoplay. This button enables you to choose the number of spins you want to play and your stop options. Once you have configured these options, click the Start Autoplay button to begin your Autoplay session. Game Controls • Menu: Toggles the menu display. • Audio: Mute / Un-mute game sounds. Volume setup available in the menu. • Win: Displays the win for the current or previous win payout round. • Balance: Displays your account balance. • Bet: Change your bet size in the menu. Clicking on the bet field toggles the menu display. • You can play without having to press the spin button every time. Set Autoplay settings by pressing the Autoplay button. You can choose the number of spins to play, as well as loss and win limits. The loss limit prevents you from losing more than the set limit during an Autoplay session. The single win limit stops Autoplay when the win reaches the set limit. Autoplay will be stopped automatically when the feature is triggered. • Stop (a button with a rounded rectangle): Click Stop to end Autoplay. Clicking this button does not influence the results of the spin. • Spin (a button with a circular arrow): Start the game round. • Achievements: Opens the achievements menu. Return to Player (RTP) This game has an RTP of 96.63%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 10/14/2020