Ariana General In this game all 25 paylines are permanently enabled. You can bet up to 10 coins per payline. Your total bet amount is the number of coins you bet per payline, multiplied by the number of paylines. Regular wins are created when the same symbols appear next to each other on a payline, with one of the symbols displayed on the first slot reel. One regular win is paid per payline. If you have more than one combination, you are paid the win that has the highest value. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. Regular wins are displayed in coins on the pay table. Regular wins are calculated by multiplying the amount on the pay table, by the number of coins you bet per payline. To convert your win amount in coins to credits, multiply the number of coins won by the coin size you bet. Wild symbol Substitutes for other symbols to complete wins. Does not substitute for the scatter symbol. Creates its own win when multiple wild symbols appear next to each other, with one of the symbols displayed on the first slot reel. Creates a full reel symbol stack on reel 1, during the Free Spins bonus game. Regular win rules apply. Scatter symbol Does not need to appear next to each other on a payline to win. Creates a scatter win when two or more appear anywhere on the reels. Activates Free Spins when three or more appear on the reels. Is not substituted by the wild symbol. Scatter wins are displayed as a multiplier value on the pay table. Scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the amount on the pay table by the total number of coins bet. Expanding symbol bonus feature Activates when a full, matching symbol stack of the Ariana Wild symbol, Ariana symbol, Coral symbol, Seadragon symbol or Treasure symbol is displayed on reel 1. A full symbol stack on reel 1 results in all other matching symbols on reels 2 to 5 to expand creating a wild reel. The matching symbols only expand if they complete a winning combination. The wild reel substitutes for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Regular win rules apply. Free spins Spin for free! Activates when three or more scatter symbols appear on the reels. You are awarded 15 free spins. The Ariana Wild symbol and Ariana symbol create a full reel symbol stack on reel 1. A full symbol stack on reel 1 results in all other matching symbols on reels 2 to 5 to expand creating a wild reel. The wild reel substitutes for other symbols to complete winning combinations. Re-activates when three or more scatter symbols appear in a free spin. You are awarded another 15 free spins. These are added to your remaining free spins count. The last bet you placed in the game is used as the free spins bet amount. Enable quick spin Quick spin increases the reel spin speed to display your results quicker. From your favourite game: Slide right to Settings . Tap quick spin Off . To disable quick spin, tap quick spin On . This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Configure my total bet Your total bet amount is the number of coins you bet per payline, multiplied by the number of paylines. From your favourite game: Slide right to Settings . Tap Coin Size and select a coin size. Tap Coins Per Line and select the number of coins. Change my bet amount Changing the bet amount changes the number of coins you bet per payline Tap Bet and select the total number of coins or credits you want to bet. Change from coins to credits You can change your balance, bet and win amounts to display in coins or credits. Tap Coins to convert to credits, or tap Credits to convert to coins. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. The theoretical return to player of this game is 97%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 6/9/2020