Aces and Eights General You can bet up to 5 coins per game. Your total bet amount is the number of coins you play, multiplied by the coin size you bet. This game follows the standard rules of video poker. This game is played with one standard deck of 52 playing cards, that is shuffled before each game. This game has no wild cards. Wins are created when the cards drawn complete a winning hand. One win is paid per hand. If you have more than one winning hand, you are paid the win for the highest ranked hand. Wins are displayed in coins on the pay table. Wins are calculated by multiplying the amount on the pay table, by the coin size you bet. Doubling Pick a card! If you beat the dealer you double your win. You can double on any game win, except if your win is higher than the casino's win activation limit. If the double card you pick has a higher value than the dealer's card, you win double your current win amount. If the double card you pick has the same value as the dealer's card, you tie and your current win amount is not doubled. If you tie or beat the dealer, you can play again or collect your wins. You can play until you pick a double card that has a lower value than the dealer's card, or until the casino's doubling limit is reached. If you are disconnected from the casino or Internet, or if you close the casino before you pick a card, the casino does not pick a card for you. When you open the game, you are returned to doubling. Poker hands Winning hands pay out according to their hand ranking. The winning hands are: Rank from Highest to Lowest Royal Flush An Ace, King, Queen, Jack and Ten card of the same suit. Rank from Highest to Lowest Four of a Kind (Aces or Eights) Four cards of the Eight or Ace denomination. Straight Flush Five cards of the same suit, in sequence. Four of a Kind (Sevens) Four Seven cards. Four of a Kind (Others) Four cards of the same denomination. Full House Three cards of the same denomination, and two cards of another denomination. Flush Five cards of the same suit. Straight Five cards of any suit, in sequence. Rank from Highest to Lowest Three of a Kind Three cards of the same denomination. Two Pairs Two cards of the same denomination. Jacks or Better A pair of Jack, Queen, King or Ace cards. Configure my total bet Your total bet amount is the number of coins you play, multiplied by the coin size you bet. Changing the number of coins changes the win amounts displayed on the pay table. Tap Bet and select a coin size. Tap the payout table and select the number of coins. Or slide right to Settings , tap Coins and select the number of coins. Disable doubling Slide right to Settings . Tap double feature On . To re-activate, tap double feature Off . Last modification date: 6/15/2017