Aliya's Wishes Rolling Reels Feature Any win activates the Rolling Reels™ feature. You are awarded a win multiplier on every consecutive win. Winning symbol combinations are removed from the reels after you are paid out. If a winning combination results from the shifting symbols, you are paid out again. The symbols above the removed symbols shift position to fill the empty spaces. The win multiplier increases with each consecutive roll, up to a maximum. This process repeats itself, potentially increasing your winnings without betting on another spin. Rolling Reels™ feature ends when no additional winning combinations occur. When triggered, Free Spins feature is awarded once the Rolling Reels™ feature is complete. Multiplier Trail You are awarded a win multiplier on every consecutive win. The win multiplier is applied to line pays as each win is revealed. The win multiplier increases with each consecutive roll, up to a maximum. The Base Game win multiplier starts at 1x on each base spin and continues to 2x, 3x, and 5x with each winning roll. The Free Spins win multiplier starts at 2x on each free spin and continues to 5x, 8x, and 21x with each winning roll. Win Booster™ Rules You can choose to activate or deactivate the Win Booster™ in the base game. The boosted bet consists of your current bet plus an extra bet. The extra bet is equal to your current bet. When active, multiplier trail values in Base Game are increased to 2x, 5x, 8x, 21x When active in the spin that initiated Free Spins, multiplier trail values in Free Spins are increased to 5x, 12x, 21x, 50x Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Free Spins 3, 4 or 5 Free Spin Scatter symbols award 10, 15 or 20 Free Spins respectively The Free Spin Scatter symbol cannot be substituted by the Wild symbol. Free Spin Scatter symbols do not award until the Rolling Reels™ feature is complete. All bets during Free Spins are the same as the triggering spin. Win Booster™ state is the same as the spin that triggered Free Spins. Win Booster™ state cannot be changed during Free Spins. Free Spins can be retriggered during Free Spins. During Free Spins, 3, 4 or 5 Free Spin Scatter symbols award 10, 15, or 20 additional Free Spins, respectively. Wild Symbol The Wild symbol is a wild symbol. The Wild symbol can substitute for any symbol except the Free Spin Scatter symbol. Line Payouts Winnings paid out for a payline are dependent on the symbols displayed on the payline, once the reels have come to a stop. Line wins are calculated by multiplying the line combination payout by the line bet. The line bet is the total bet divided by the number of lines played. The symbols must be next to each other on a payline to produce a winning line combination. Payline winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, a winning payline combination must start with the leftmost payline position and continue on adjacent positions on the payline. Line wins are paid out only on the highest paying combination on each line. At most 1 winning combination is paid out per payline. Only the available lines can produce a winning line combination. You are paid the total of all payline wins that land on a spin. Game Payouts Winnings paid out on the slot machine are dependent on the symbols displayed in the reel area, once the reels have come to a stop. All payout tables display the number of credits that are won for each winning combination. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Icons Descriptions Main Menu Return Decrement Increment Bet Quick Spin Mute / Unmute Responsible Gaming Player Protection Loyalty Game History Transaction History Banking Settings Paytable / Information Help Files Lobby Discard Some of these options may not be available in your location. Playing the Game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form winning combinations. The payout is dependent on the winning combinations formed. Your balance is displayed in credits and is available in the console bar. Select your bet by tapping the Bet icon or the Bet area. Select your bet through the Main Menu or on the console bar. Click spin to start spinning the reels. Tap spin to start spinning the reels. If enabled in Settings, you may press spacebar to spin. Once the reels stop, wins are highlighted if you have a winning combination. You are paid out the win amount as displayed in the win box. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is completed and you can play again. Bet Selection Select your bet on the console bar with the Increment and Decrement icons, or by clicking the bet area. You can also select your bet from the Main Menu using the Bet icon. Select your bet by tapping Bet in the console bar or by tapping the Bet icon. Settings The Settings panel provides access to multiple game settings. Some settings may not be available in your location. To access the Settings panel, open the Main Menu and select the Settings icon. You can choose which settings to turn on or off. Intro Screen setting displays the intro screen at startup. Show Tutorial at Startup setting displays the tutorial on launching the game. Quick Spin setting increases the speed of the slot reel spin. All Sounds setting controls all sounds, including game and background sounds. Game Sounds setting controls console and spin sounds, as well as sounds for winning combinations and sequences. (Only enabled if All Sounds is ON.) Background Music setting controls background music. (Only enabled if All Sounds is ON.) Spacebar to Spin setting allows you to spin the reels using your computer's spacebar. Autoplay Using Autoplay, you can spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game. A bet amount must be set before starting the Autoplay session, as Autoplay plays with the last bet value. Autoplay can be stopped at any time. This does not influence the results of the spin. Triggering the Free Spin feature will stop Autoplay. Win Limit: Sets a win limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if a single win reaches this amount. Loss Limit: Sets a loss limit for the Autoplay session. Autoplay ends if the balance decreases by this amount. Some settings and features may not be available in this game. Return to Player The Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of the total money bet in a game that is paid out as winnings over time. This value is fixed and does not change. This game has an RTP of 96.00% With Win Booster™ activated, RTP is 96.50% The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/9/2020