African Quest Game Rules See sections below for information about the game rules. General Rules Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Wild Symbol Rules The Wild symbol is a Wild symbol. The Wild symbol can substitute for any symbol excluding the Scatter During Free Spins when a Wild lands, a random multiplier is awarded which applies to all ways wins. In the event multiple Wilds land, the product of the awarded random multipliers is applied to all ways wins. Scatter Symbol Rules 3, 4 or 5 Scatter symbols in any position trigger Free Spins and pays 2, 10 or 20 times bet, respectively. During Free Spins , 2 or more Scatter symbols in any position award additional Free Spins . Scatter wins are added to ways wins. The Scatter symbol cannot be substituted by the Wild Free Spins Rules A choice of three Free Spin Features is offered when entering Free Spins . The number of Free Spins awarded and possible values of the random multipliers is described below. 3 Scatters Feature 1: 5 Free Spins awarded with random multipliers of 3X or 4X. During Free Spins , 2, 3, 4 or 5 Scatters award 3, 5, 10 or 15 additional Free Spins , respectively. Feature 2: 8 Free Spins awarded with random multipliers of 2X or 3X. During Free Spins , 2, 3, 4 or 5 Scatters award 5, 8, 15 or 20 additional Free Spins , respectively. Feature 3: 12 Free Spins awarded with random multipliers of 1X or 2X. During Free Spins , 2, 3, 4 or 5 Scatters award 6, 12, 25 or 40 additional Free Spins , respectively. 4 Scatters Feature 1: 10 Free Spins awarded with random multipliers of 3X or 4X. During Free Spins , 2, 3, 4 or 5 Scatters award 3, 5, 10 or 15 additional Free Spins , respectively. Feature 2: 15 Free Spins awarded with random multipliers of 2X or 3X. During Free Spins , 2, 3, 4 or 5 Scatters award 5, 8, 15 or 20 additional Free Spins , respectively. Feature 3: 25 Free Spins awarded with random multipliers of 1X or 2X. During Free Spins , 2, 3, 4 or 5 Scatters award 6, 12, 25 or 40 additional Free Spins , respectively. 5 Scatters Feature 1: 15 Free Spins awarded with random multipliers of 3X or 4X. During Free Spins , 2, 3, 4 or 5 Scatters award 3, 5, 10 or 15 additional Free Spins , respectively. Feature 2: 20 Free Spins awarded with random multipliers of 2X or 3X. During Free Spins , 2, 3, 4 or 5 Scatters award 5, 8, 15 or 20 additional Free Spins , respectively. Feature 3: 40 Free Spins awarded with random multipliers of 1X or 2X. During Free Spins , 2, 3, 4 or 5 Scatters award 6, 12, 25 or 40 additional Free Spins , respectively. During Free Spins , all bets played are the same as the spin that activated Free Spins . Paid Respins At the end of each Base Game spin, choose to Respin a reel as many times as you like with the chance of completing a win. You can Respin one reel at a time. Each Respin is charged at a cost. Only wins that involve the respun reels are paid. If you change your bet, Respins are disabled until you spin again. Respins are only active during Base Game after the first spin. Respins are inactive for the first spin on completion of a feature. Respins are not available during AutoPlay. Note: Some of these options may not be available in your location. Betting and Payout Rules Winnings are paid out only on the highest combination. Ways winning combinations pay out from left-to-right. Thus, one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel for winning combinations from the left. A symbol combination starting from a different slot reel does not pay out. The bet multiplier is the total bet divided by 10. Ways wins are calculated by multiplying the combination payout by the win multiplier. All payout tables display the number of credits that are won for each combination. Game Payouts Winnings paid out on the slot machine are dependent on the symbols displayed in the reel area once the reels have come to a stop. All payout tables display the number of credits that are won for each winning combination. Ways Payouts Ways wins are calculated by multiplying the symbol combination payout by the win multiplier and the bet multiplier. This information is displayed during a win review above the reels. A winning combination must start with the leftmost reel in any position and continue on adjacent reels. The win multiplier in Base Game is 1. During Free Spins , the win multiplier is the product of the random multipliers displayed in the reel area. Free Spins Payouts When entering Free Spins , a player selects one of three Free Spin Features . The number of Free Spins and possible values of the random multipliers offered depends on the number of scatters landed and the Free Spin Feature Free Spins are triggered when 3, 4 or 5 Scatter symbols appear anywhere on the reels. During Free Spins , Free Spins are retriggered when 3, 4 or 5 Scatter symbols appear anywhere on the reels. During Free Spins , you are awarded additional Free Spins when 2 Scatter symbols appear anywhere on the reels. The number of Free Spins awarded depends on the Free Spin Feature During Free Spins , all bets played are the same as the spin that activated Free Spins . Icons Below are the icons used throughout the game and their descriptions. Icons Descriptions Main Menu Return Decrement Increment Bet Icons Descriptions Quick Spin Mute / Unmute Responsible Gaming Player Protection Loyalty Game History Transaction History Banking Settings Paytable / Information Help Files Lobby Discard Note: Some of these options may not be available in your location. Playing the Game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form winning combinations. The payout is dependent on the winning combinations formed. To play: Your balance is displayed in credits and is available in the console bar. To select your bet amount: Desktop Settings Panel 1. Open the Menu by clicking the icon. 2. Click the Bet icon. 3. Select the value you want from the visible options. 4. Scroll up or down with the mouse wheel or using the scroll bar for more options. 5. Click Max Bet to bet the maximum permitted. Desktop Console Bar 1. Click the Bet area. 2. Select the value you want from the visible options. 3. Scroll up or down with the mouse wheel or using the scroll bar for more options. 4. Click Max Bet to bet the maximum permitted. Mobile 1. Open the Bet Panel by tapping the icon. 2. Tap the value you want from the visible options. 3. Swipe up or down in the bet panel for more options. 4. Tap Max Bet to bet the maximum permitted. Click or Tap Spin to start spinning the reels. If enabled in Settings, you may press spacebar to spin (desktop only). Once the reels stop, wins are highlighted if you have a winning combination. You are paid out the win amount as displayed in the Win If you do not have a winning combination, the game is completed and you can play again. Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed, and does not change. The game RTP is 96.02%. Respin RTP is set 0.50% higher (96.52%). AutoPlay You can spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game, using AutoPlay. About AutoPlay AutoPlay and some of the related options may not be available in the game you are playing. A bet amount must be set before starting the AutoPlay session, as AutoPlay plays with the last bet value. AutoPlay can be stopped at any time. This does not influence the results of the spin. Triggering any feature will stop AutoPlay. Respins are not available during AutoPlay. Settings The Settings panel provides access to multiple game settings. Desktop 1. Open the Menu by clicking the icon. 2. Click the Settings icon. Mobile 1. Open the Menu by tapping the icon. 2. Tap the Settings icon. You can choose which to turn on or off. Intro Screen displays the intro screen at startup. Show Tutorial At Startup (Mobile only). Quick Spin increases the speed of the slot reel spin. All Sounds controls all sounds, including game and background sounds. Game Sounds controls console and spin sounds, as well as sounds for winning combinations and sequences. Background Music controls background music. Spacebar to Spin allows you to spin the reels using your computer's spacebar (Desktop Only). Note: Some of these options may not be available in your location. Game Sounds and Background Music are only enabled if All Sounds is ON . The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 6/5/2020