Absolootly Mad Mega Moolah General Rules Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Wild Symbol Rules The Wild symbol appears on reels 2, 3, and 4. The Wild symbol can substitute for any symbol including the Free Spins Rolling Reels™ Rules Any win activates the Rolling Reels™ Winning symbol combinations are removed from the reels after you are paid out. When the Free Spins feature is triggered, winning combinations are removed after the feature completes. If a winning combination results from the shifting symbols, you are paid out again. The symbols above the removed symbols shift position to fill the empty spaces. You are awarded a multiplier value on every consecutive win. The multiplier value increases on every consecutive win. This process repeats itself, potentially increasing your winnings without betting on another spin. Multiplier Trail Rules The win multiplier is applied to ways pays as each win is revealed. The win multiplier increases with each consecutive roll, up to a maximum. The Base Game win multiplier starts at 1 on each base spin and continues to 2, 3, and 5 with each winning roll. The Free Spins win multiplier starts at 3 on each free spin and continues to 6, 9, and 15 with each winning roll. Free Spins Symbol Rules 3 Free Spins symbols can form a winning combination. Free Spins symbols can be substituted by the Wild 3 Free Spins symbols award 8 spins of the Free Spins feature per way. Free spins can be awarded multiple ways. 4th and 5th reel are not considered for Free Spin awards. Free Spins Rules All bets during Free Spins are the same as the triggering spin. The Free Spins win multiplier starts at 3 on each free spin and continues to 6, 9, and 15 with each winning roll. Free Spins can be re-triggered during Free Spins . Betting and Payout Rules Winnings are paid out only on the highest combination. Ways winning combinations pay out from left-to-right. Thus, one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel for winning combinations from the left. A symbol combination starting from a different slot reel does not pay out. Your bet multiplier is equal to the number of credits played divided by 0.20. For example, .40 credits bet per spin = .40 / .20 = a bet multiplier of 2. Your total bet is equal to 0.20 credits times your bet multiplier. Ways wins are calculated by multiplying the combination payout by the win multiplier. All payouts displayed in paytables are based on the total bet. All payout tables display the number of credits that are won for each combination. Progressive Wheel Trigger When no more Rolls from the Rolling Reels™ are possible, the player may be awarded a single spin of the Progressive Wheel . Every Wild symbol on screen at time of a ways evaluation will be collected. The chance of winning the Progressive Wheel increases with each Wild collected. Only the Wild symbols collected on the current spin (and any subsequent Rolling Reels™ from that same spin) contribute to the chance of triggering a jackpot. The chance of triggering scales with bet. The graphical collection pot in the game is purely for visual entertainment and as such does not influence awarding a jackpot. Progressive Wheel Rules You can win one of the four guaranteed progressive jackpots. The progressive jackpots are constantly accumulating prizes. The progressive jackpots are funded by a percentage of player wagers. The Progressive Wheel consists of a wheel divided into coloured segments. Each segment is associated with a different progressive jackpot. Depending on where the wheel stops, you can win one of the progressive jackpots. Progressive jackpots are only available to real players. When a progressive jackpot is won, all players worldwide are notified and the jackpot resets. Progressive Wheel Payouts The Mega progressive jackpot resets to 1 000 000 credits. The Major progressive jackpot resets to 10 000 credits. The Minor progressive jackpot resets to 100 credits. The Mini progressive jackpot resets to 10 credits. The current values of the progressive jackpots are displayed in the game. The Casino has taken every possible precaution to ensure that the values displayed in the game matches the value on the Casino server. The values are reviewed and increased periodically. The values on the server are used when you are paid out. All progressive wins are independent of the bet. Only a single spin of the Progressive Wheel may be awarded per wager. All progressive wins are subject to final confirmation by the Casino and the software supplier. Their decision is final and no correspondence will be entered into. The Casino management and software supplier have the right to change or amend any of these rules and regulations at their discretion. If the Casino management and software supplier waiver any of these rules and regulations, this does not mean they will automatically be waived in the future. Game Payouts Winnings paid out on the slot machine are dependent on the symbols displayed in the reel area once the reels have come to a stop. All payout tables display the number of credits that are won for each winning combination. Ways Payouts Ways wins are calculated by multiplying the combination payout by the win multiplier and the bet multiplier. For a combination of regular symbols to produce a winning combination, the following criteria must be met: The symbols must be on adjacent reels, starting from left to right. For winning combinations paying out, a winning combination must start with the leftmost reel in any position and continue on adjacent reels. The win multiplier is applied to pays as each win is revealed. The win multiplier increases with each consecutive roll, up to a maximum. The Base Game win multiplier starts at 1 and increases to 2, 3, and 5 with each winning roll. Free Spins Payouts You are awarded 8 free spins for each way the Free Spins are triggered. All bets played in Free Spins are the same as the spin that triggered the Free Spins feature. All ways played in Free Spins are the same as the spin that triggered the Free Spins feature. The Free Spins win multiplier starts at 3 and increases to 6, 9, and 15 with each winning roll. Icons Below are the icons used throughout the game and their descriptions. Icons Descriptions Main Menu Return Decrement Increment Bet Quick Spin Mute / Unmute Responsible Gaming Player Protection Icons Descriptions Loyalty Game History Transaction History Banking Settings Paytable / Information Help Files Lobby Discard Note: Some of these options may not be available in your location. Playing the Game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form winning combinations. The payout is dependent on the winning combinations formed. To play: Your balance is displayed in credits and is available in the console bar. To select your bet amount: Desktop Settings Panel 1. Open the Menu by clicking the icon. 2. Click the Bet icon. 3. Select the value you want from the visible options. 4. Scroll up or down with the mouse wheel or using the scroll bar for more options. 5. Click Max Bet to bet the maximum permitted. Desktop Console Bar 1. Click the Bet area. 2. Select the value you want from the visible options. 3. Scroll up or down with the mouse wheel or using the scroll bar for more options. 4. Click Max Bet to bet the maximum permitted. Mobile 1. Open the Bet Panel by tapping the icon. 2. Tap the value you want from the visible options. 3. Swipe up or down in the bet panel for more options. 4. Tap Max Bet to bet the maximum permitted. Click or Tap Spin to start spinning the reels. If enabled in Settings, you may press spacebar to spin (desktop only). Once the reels stop, wins are highlighted if you have a winning combination. You are paid out the win amount as displayed in the Win If you do not have a winning combination, the game is completed and you can play again. Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed, and does not change. This game has a progressive jackpot. The progressive jackpot is funded by a percentage of player wagers. The progressive jackpot contribution is 5.30%. This game has an RTP of 86,72%. AutoPlay You can spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game, using AutoPlay. About AutoPlay AutoPlay and some of the related options may not be available in the game you are playing. A bet amount must be set before starting the AutoPlay session, as AutoPlay plays with the last bet value. AutoPlay can be stopped at any time. This does not influence the results of the spin. Triggering the Progressive Wheel will stop AutoPlay. Settings The Settings panel provides access to multiple game settings. Desktop 1. Open the Menu by clicking the icon. 2. Click the Settings icon. Mobile 1. Open the Menu by tapping the icon. 2. Tap the Settings icon. You can choose which to turn on or off. Intro Screen displays the intro screen at startup. Show Tutorial At Startup (Mobile only). Quick Spin increases the speed of the slot reel spin. All Sounds controls all sounds, including game and background sounds. Game Sounds controls console and spin sounds, as well as sounds for winning combinations and sequences. Background Music controls background music. Spacebar to Spin allows you to spin the reels using your computer's spacebar (Desktop Only). Note: Some of these options may not be available in your location. Game Sounds and Background Music are only enabled if All Sounds is ON . The maximum win from a single game is £250,000 Last modification date: 10/14/2020