Action Ops Snow And Sable Game Payouts Winnings paid out on the slot machine are dependent on the symbols displayed on the payline, once the reels have come to a stop. All payout tables display the number of credits that are won for each winning combination. The formula to calculate the conversion of your coins to credits is: number of coins X coin size played = amount in credits. Line Payouts Line wins are calculated by multiplying the line combination payout by the coins bet. For a combination of regular symbols to produce a winning line combination, the following criteria must be met: The symbols must be next to each other on a payline. Payline winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, a winning payline combination must start with the leftmost payline position and continue on adjacent positions on the payline. Free Spins Payouts 3, 4, or 5 Scatter symbols trigger 10, 15, or 20 Free Spins respectively. All bets played in Free Spins are the same as the spin that triggered the Free Spins feature. Scatter Symbol Payouts Scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the Scatter symbol combination payout by the total bet. Scatter wins are added to line wins. In the event of a scatter win and a line win, both wins are paid out, as the Scatter symbol does not need to appear on a payline to win. For a combination of Scatter symbols to produce a winning scatter combination, the following criteria must be met: Three or more Scatter symbols appear on the reels. Scatter symbols cannot be substituted by the Wild symbols. Game Rules See sections below for information about the game rules. General Rules You can bet up to 10 coins per line. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Wild Symbol Rules The Snow symbol and the Sable symbol are Wild symbols. The Snow wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except the Scatter symbol and the Sable symbol. The Sable wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except the Scatter symbol and the Snow symbol. The Snow wild and the Sable wild symbols create their own line winning combination when mixed Wild symbols appear on a payline. Only 1 winning combination is paid out per payline. If there is more than 1 possible winning combination on a payline, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. Scatter Symbol Rules The Snow & Sable symbol is a Scatter symbol. Cannot be substituted by any Wild symbol. Scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the Scatter symbol combination payout by the total bet. Scatter wins are added to line wins. If you have a scatter win and a line win, you are paid out for both wins, as the Scatter symbol does not need to appear on a payline to win. 3, 4, or 5 Scatter symbols trigger 10, 15, or 20 Free Spins respectively. Only the longest combination applies. Free Spins Rules You are awarded 10, 15 or 20 Free Spins, depending on the number of Scatter symbols that triggered the feature. All bets during Free Spins are the same as the triggering spin. 2 Scatter symbols during Free Spins award 5 extra spins. 3 Scatter symbols award 10 extra spins. During Free Spins, Reels 1 and 5 become Wild. Wild reels behave the same as 3 stacked wilds. The Wild symbol character is chosen randomly on every spin and may be the same on reels 1 and 5. Betting and Payout Rules Winnings are paid out only on the highest combination on each line. Scatter pays are determined by 3 or more Scatter symbols in any position on the reels. Line winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. The symbols must be next to each other on a line. All payout table win amounts in PlayCheck are displayed in coins. Line wins are calculated by multiplying the line combination payout by the coins bet. All payout tables display the number of credits that are won for each combination. The total number of coins paid out depends on the number of coins you play per line. Total bet is 10 multiplied by bet per line. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size you select. The formula to calculate the conversion of your coins to credits is: number of coins X coin size played = amount in credits. Free Spins wins are added to regular wins. Pays during Free Spins are the same as in base game. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Playing the Game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form a winning combination on a payline. The payout is dependent on the winning combination formed. To play: Your balance is displayed in credits and is available in the console bar. To select your bet amount: Desktop Click the Bet area. Move the Coin Size slider to the right to increase or to the left to decrease the coin size you want to bet. Move the Coins slider to the right to increase or to the left to decrease the number of coins you want to bet per line. Click Max Bet to bet the maximum permitted. This converts the coin size and number of coins bet to the maximum bet permitted. Mobile Open the Options Panel by tapping the (>) icon. In Bet Settings, swipe the Coin Size values left or right to adjust the coin size you want to bet. In Bet Settings, swipe the Coins values left or right to adjust the number of coins you want to bet. Tap Max Bet to bet the maximum permitted. This converts the coin size, number of coins bet to the maximum bet permitted. Click or Tap Spin to start spinning the reels. Once the reels stop, wins are highlighted if you have a winning line combination. You are paid out the win amount as displayed in the Win box. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is completed and you can play again. Options and Settings The Options panel provides access to multiple game settings and options. Sound Settings You can choose which sounds to turn on or off. Game Sounds controls console and spin sounds. Win Sounds controls sounds for winning combinations and sequences. Background Sounds controls background music. To adjust sound settings: Desktop Open the Options Panel by clicking the (...) button. Click the Settings option. Under Sound Settings, click on any option to turn that sound on or off. Mobile Open the Options Panel by tapping the (>) icon. Tap the Settings option. Under Sound Settings, tap any option to turn that sound on or off. Note: Sound options are only enabled if the Sound icon is turned ON. Graphics Settings Graphics settings allow you to adjust the graphics level. Basic optimizes overall game performance for lower spec machines. Enhanced provides the full user experience with animations. To adjust graphic settings: Desktop Open the Options Panel by clicking the (...) button. Click the Settings option. Under Graphics Settings, click on either Basic or Enhanced to enable the desired mode. Mobile Open the Options Panel by tapping the (>) icon. Tap the Settings option. Tap Game Settings. Under Graphics Settings, tap either Basic or Enhanced to enable the desired mode. Game Settings Game settings provide options to control general game behaviour. Intro Screen displays the intro screen at startup. Show Tutorial At Startup (Mobile only). Quick Spin increases the speed of the slot reel spin. Note: Some of these options may not be available in your location. To adjust game settings: Desktop Open the Options Panel by clicking the (...) button. Click the Settings option. Under Game Settings, click on the Intro Screen option to enable or disable the intro screen at startup. Under Game Settings, click on the Quick Spin option to enable or disable Quick Spins. Mobile Open the Options Panel by tapping the (>) icon. Tap the Settings option. Tap Game Settings. Under Game Settings, tap on the Intro Screen option to enable or disable the intro screen at startup. Under Game Settings, tap on Show Tutorial At Startup to enable or disable the tutorial. Under Game Settings, tap on the Quick Spin option to enable or disable Quick Spins. AutoPlay You can spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game, using AutoPlay. About AutoPlay AutoPlay and some of the related options may not be available in the game you are playing. A bet amount must be set before starting the AutoPlay session, as AutoPlay plays with the last bet value. AutoPlay can be stopped at any time. This does not influence the results of the spin. Triggering any feature will stop AutoPlay. Win History and Statistics You can view your wins and session statistics in the game. View Game Statistics Statistics only apply to the current game session. When you exit the game, the statistics reset to 0. Desktop Click the Win area. Click the Stats button. View your current Game Play Statistics. Mobile Open the Options Panel by tapping the (>) icon. Tap the Statistics icon. Tap the Stats icon. View your current Game Play Statistics. Statistics Game Results Displays the number of games played during the current game session, the length of your game session, and the average number of games per hour. Highest Wins Displays the 3 highest win amounts during the current game session. View Game Wins View your Recent and Top 5 wins. Recent Wins only apply to the current game session. When you exit the game, the Recent Wins reset. Desktop Click the Win area. Click the Wins button. View your Game Wins. Mobile Open the Options Panel by tapping the (>) icon. Tap the Statistics icon. Tap the Wins icon. View your Game Wins. Wins Recent Displays the 5 most recent wins during the current game session. Top 5 Displays the Top 5 all-time wins. Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed, and does not change. This game has an RTP of 96.03%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 9/3/2020