Astro Pug General All 1296 pay ways are permanently enabled. A fixed bet multiplier of 50 applies per spin. Your total bet is dependent on the Bet level and Coin value played. Total bet = Bet multiplier - Bet level " Coin value. If you have a winning combination on the pay way, the win is highlighted on the reels. Regular wins are created when the same symbols appear next to each other on the pay way. Each symbol can be used only once per winning combination. Regular winning combinations pay out from left to right, starting from the first slot reel except Scatter which pays any. Highest win paid per winning combination. All wins are multiplied by the coins bet except Scatter. Coins bet = (Coin value " Bet level). Scatter wins are multiplied by the total bet. Regular wins in paytable are displayed in coins. Your total payout is calculated as (coins bet " values displayed on the paytable). So, if your total bet is 0.50 credits per spin, your coins bet = total bet / bet multiplier i.e. 0.50 credits / 50 = 0.01 credits. For example, a 5 of a kind win of Fish symbol is calculated as (0.01 credits '` 50 coins) = 0.50 credits. To convert your win amount from credits to coins, divide the number of credits won by the coin value. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. Bet Controls Clicking/tapping on Coin stack will open the Bet Settings Panel. On Base game, clicking on (+) or (-) will also open the Bet Settings Panel. Also, player can directly change Bet Level and Coin Value from (+) or (-) buttons. [Important: This option is only available for desktop version] On Bet Settings Panel, click/tap (+) or (-) to select the number of coins you want to bet under Bet Level meter. On Bet Settings Panel, click/tap (+) or (-) to select the size of coin you want to bet under Coin Value meter. You can choose to view bet, balance and payouts in coins or credits. All your bet, balance and payouts are displayed according to the option you select. Click/tap coins to convert to coins. Click/tap currency to convert to credits. Scatter symbol is a Scatter symbol. 5 or more Scatter symbols trigger Free Spin Bonus round. Scatter symbol appears only on the outer positions of reel 3 (Reelfecta Reel). Reel 3 is the Reelfecta Reel and is comprised of 16 individual positions. Scatter symbol cannot be substituted by the Wild symbols. Scatter wins are displayed as a multiplier value on the paytable. Scatter wins are multiplied by total bet and added to regular wins. Scatter symbol can only appear during Base Game. Wild symbol is a Wild symbol. Wild symbol substitutes for all symbols except Scatter symbol and other Wilds. Appears on reels 2, 3 and 4 during Base Game only. Appears on reels 2 and 4 during Free Spins only. Bone Multiplier Feature When the Bone Multiplier (Bone 1) appears, it will become a 2x, 3x or 4x Wild Bone Multiplier for any combination it is substituting in. The Bone Multiplier (Bone 1) only appears on reel 2. Bone Multipliers are also active during Free Spins and Mega Spin. Bone 2, Bone 3 and Bone 4 are Wilds and substitute for all other symbols except Scatter and other Wilds. The Bone Multipliers do not multiply Scatter wins. Free Spin Bonus is a Scatter symbol. 5 or more Scatter symbols trigger Free Spin Bonus round. All bets and pay ways played are the same as those that started the Free Spin Bonus. Free Spin Bonus wins are added to pay ways and Scatter wins. During each Free Spin, starting at the top left corner and moving clockwise on the outer positions of the Reelfecta Reel, a specific reel will display either a +1 Wild Pug or Bomb symbol. If a +1 Wild Pug appears, Gold Pug will be locked in and award an extra Free Spin, upto a maximum 12 Free Spins. Bomb will not appear during the first 3 Free Spins. If a Bomb appears, Free Spins end and Bomb pays 2x total amount bet. If all 12 outer positions of reel 3 have Gold Pug, 1 Mega Spin is awarded. Red Pug substitutes for all other symbols except Scatter and other Wilds. Red Pug appears on reel 3 during Free Spins only. Free Spin Bonus cannot be re-triggered. Autoplay You can also spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game, using Autoplay. You must select a bet amount before you start Autoplay, as it plays with the last bet value. Tap/Click Autoplay On . Tap/Click the number of spins you want to play.The Autoplay session automatically starts playing. To stop Autoplay, Tap/Click Stop . Custom Mode Autoplay is also available with Custom Mode where some Autoplay Settings are available. Autoplay Settings Coin Size : You can select a coin size before you start Autoplay, as it plays with the last bet value. Coins Bet : Coins Bet is the number of coins allowed per way. Coins Bet differ between games. Total Bet : Total Bet displays the Total Bet value. Total Bet = (Coin Size ''' Coins Bet - Bet multiplier). Spins : You can set the number of times the slot reels spin during your Autoplay session. Win Limit : Stop spins if the number of credits won on any spin exceeds or equals the amount selected. Loss Limit : Stop spins if Autoplay exceeds the loss limit value with the next bet. Until Stop Continue Autoplay until you Tap/Click the Stop button or stops if Free Spins or another bonus feature is triggered. Important: This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Keyboard Shortcut Spin/Stop Button can be selected by pressing Space bar on Keyboard. Disclaimer: This feature is applicable for Desktop version only. Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed and does not change. This game has an RTP of 95.7282%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 6/9/2020