Alaxe in Zombieland About Alaxe in Zombieland Alaxe in Zombieland is a five reel, twenty-five payline, and two hundred and fifty coin slot machine, with: A wild, multiplier symbol. A scatter symbol. A Tea Party bonus game. A Red Queen's Adventure bonus game. A Gravestones bonus game. Game Payouts Winnings paid out on the slot machine are dependent on the symbols displayed on the payline, once the reels have come to a stop. Regular Payouts All payout tables display the number of coins that are won for each combination. The total number of coins paid out depends on the number of coins you play per payline. Regular wins are calculated by taking the number of coins won, multiplied by the number of coins played per payline. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size you select. For a combination of regular symbols to produce a winning regular combination, the following criteria must be met: The symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. Scatter Symbol Payouts Scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the scatter symbol combination payout by the total number of credits played. Scatter wins are added to regular wins. If you have a scatter win and a regular win, you are paid out for both wins, as the scatter symbol does not need to appear on an enabled payline to win. For a combination of scatter symbols to produce a winning scatter combination, three must appear on the reels. Tea Party Bonus Game Payouts You are awarded a random number of free spins. Choose Teapots to win free spins or free spins and multiplier value combinations. Free spins can be re-activated during the bonus game. All the bets and paylines played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. The Red Queen's Adventure bonus game or the Gravestones bonus game can activate during the free spins. Red Queen's Adventure Bonus Game Payouts You choose objects to reveal random bonus win amounts. Beat each tombstone's value to proceed to the next tombstone. The win amounts displayed in the bonus game are already multiplied by your total bet amount. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. You win the total of all the bonus win amounts revealed. The Red Queen's Adventure bonus can activate during the Tea Party bonus game. Gravestones Bonus Game Payouts You choose objects to reveal random bonus win amounts. The win amounts displayed in the bonus game are already multiplied by your total bet amount. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. You win the total of all the bonus win amounts revealed. The Gravestones bonus game can activate during the Tea Party bonus game. [ top ] Game Rules Click the links for more information about the game rules. General Rules You can bet up to ten coins per payline. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. Wild, Multiplier Symbol Rules The Wild Brain symbol is a wild, multiplier symbol. Doubles the payout of any combination it completes as a wild symbol. Does not substitute for the Clock symbol. Does not substitute for the Key symbol. Does not substitute for the Potion symbol. There are no payouts for any wild, multiplier symbol combinations. Only one winning combination is paid out per payline. If there is more than one possible winning combination on a payline, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. Scatter Symbol Rules The Clock symbol, Key symbol and Potion symbol are scatter symbols. Completes a winning scatter combination when three or more appear on the reels. Cannot be substituted by the wild, multiplier symbol. Scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the scatter symbol combination payout by the total number of credits played. Scatter wins are added to regular wins. If you have a scatter win and a regular win, you are paid out for both wins, as the scatter symbol does not need to appear on an enabled payline to win. Tea Party Bonus Game Rules Three Clock symbols scattered on reels 1, 2 and 3, activate the Tea Party bonus game. You are awarded a random number of free spins. Choose Teapots to win free spins or free spins and multiplier value combinations. All the bets and paylines played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. Free spins can be re-activated during the bonus game. The Red Queen's Adventure bonus game or the Gravestones bonus game can activate during the free spins. Red Queen's Adventure bonus game or Gravestones bonus game winnings are multiplied by the free spins multiplier value. Red Queen's Adventure Bonus Game Rules Three Key symbols scattered on reels 2, 3 and 4, activate the Red Queen's Adventure bonus game. You choose objects to reveal random bonus win amounts. Beat each tombstone's value to proceed to the next tombstone. If your accumulated bonus amount is greater than the value on the last tombstone, six doors are displayed. Choose a door to possibly win a multiplier value. The win amounts displayed in the bonus game are already multiplied by your total bet amount. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. You win the total of all the bonus win amounts revealed. The Red Queen's Adventure bonus can activate during the Tea Party bonus game. Gravestones Bonus Game Rules Three Potion symbols scattered on reels 3, 4 and 5, activate the Gravestones bonus game. You choose objects to reveal random bonus win amounts. The game ends when you find the Collect symbol. The win amounts displayed in the bonus game are already multiplied by your total bet amount. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. You win the total of all the bonus win amounts revealed. The Gravestones bonus game can activate during the Tea Party bonus game. Betting and Payout Rules Winnings are paid out on the highest combination on each enabled payline only, except for scatter wins. Winning scatter combinations can appear in any position on the reels. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. The symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. All payout table win amounts in PlayCheck are displayed in coins. All payout tables display the number of coins that are won for each combination. The total number of coins paid out depends on the number of coins you play per payline. Regular wins are calculated by taking the number of coins won, multiplied by the number of coins played per payline. Scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the scatter symbol combination payout by the total number of regular coins bet. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size you select. The formula to calculate the conversion of your coins to credits is: number of coins x coin size played = amount in credits. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. [ top ] Wild, Multiplier Symbol The Wild Brain symbol is a wild, multiplier symbol. This symbol: Doubles the payout of any combination it completes as a wild symbol. There are no payouts for any wild, multiplier symbol combinations. Does not substitute for the Clock symbol. Does not substitute for the Key symbol. Does not substitute for the Potion symbol. Only one winning combination is paid out per payline. If there is more than one possible winning combination on a payline, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. Scatter Symbol The Clock symbol, Key symbol and Potion symbol are scatter symbols. These symbols: Complete a winning scatter combination when three or more appear on the reels. Cannot be substituted by the wild, multiplier symbol. Scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the scatter symbol combination payout by the total number of credits played. [ top ] Tea Party Bonus Game Three Clock symbols scattered on reels 1, 2 and 3, activate the Tea Party bonus game. In this game: You are awarded a random number of free spins. Choose Teapots to win free spins or free spins and multiplier value combinations. All the bets and paylines played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. Free spins can be re-activated during the bonus game. So, if three or more Clock symbols are scattered on the reels during the free spins, you are awarded additional free spins. The Red Queen's Adventure bonus game or the Gravestones bonus game can activate during the free spins. Red Queen's Adventure bonus game or Gravestones bonus game winnings are multiplied by the free spins multiplier value. [ top ] Red Queen's Adventure Bonus Game Three Key symbols scattered on reels 2, 3 and 4, activate the Red Queen's Adventure bonus game. In this game: You choose objects to reveal random bonus win amounts. Beat each tombstone's value to proceed to the next tombstone. If your accumulated bonus amount is greater than the value on the last tombstone, six doors are displayed. Choose a door. Either a multiplier value or a Red Queen is displayed. If you reveal a multiplier value, your winnings are multiplied. The win amounts displayed in the bonus game are already multiplied by your total bet amount. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. You win the total of all the bonus win amounts revealed. The Red Queen's Adventure bonus can activate during the Tea Party bonus game. [ top ] Gravestones Bonus Game Three Potion symbols scattered on reels 3, 4 and 5, activate the Gravestones bonus game. In this game: You choose objects to reveal random bonus win amounts. The game ends when you find the Collect symbol. The win amounts displayed in the bonus game are already multiplied by your total bet amount. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. You win the total of all the bonus win amounts revealed. The Gravestones bonus game can activate during the Tea Party bonus game. [ top ] Playing the game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form a winning combination on the payline. The payout is dependent on the winning combination formed. To play: Click Lines to select the number of paylines you want to play. Place a bet. How? Click Increase (+) or Decrease (-) to select the coin size you want to bet. To increase the number of coins you want to bet, click Coins . To bet the maximum number of coins permitted, click Bet Max . The number of coins bet increases to the maximum and the game automatically starts playing. 3. Click Spin . The reels start spinning. If you have a winning combination lined up on the payline, the win is highlighted on the reels. You are paid out the win amount as displayed in the Win box. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. [ top ] AutoPlay, Options and Statistics You can change options and view statistics for games using the Options or Statistics buttons. You can also spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game, using AutoPlay or AutoSpin. In some games AutoPlay is available in Expert mode only. How do I turn on Expert mode? Click Expert . The Expert mode features are activated, such as AutoPlay. How do I use AutoPlay? Select a bet amount. You must select a bet amount before you start the AutoPlay session, as AutoPlay plays with the last bet value. If the game has Expert mode, click Expert . Click AutoPlay . In some games you cannot set the number of spins to play in the AutoPlay session, so clicking this button starts AutoPlay that continues until you click Stop . In other games this button enables you to choose the number of spins you want to play and your stop options. Once you have configured these options, click Start to begin your AutoPlay session. What options do I have in Autoplay? AutoPlay options differ between games. Your game may not have all of these options. AutoPlay Options Number of spins Set the number of times the slot reels spins during your A utoPlay session. Number of seconds between spins Set the delay between AutoPlay spins. Until stop Continue Autoplay until you click the Stop button. Stop if a winexceeds or equals Stop spins if the number of credits won on any spin exceeds or equals the amount selected. Stop once all spins are complete Stop after playing the number of reel spins selected. Stop when jackpot is won Stop spins if the Jackpot is won. Stop on any win Stop the session if you win on a spin Stop if credits increase by Stop the session if the number of credits increases by the amount selected. Stop if credits decrease by Stop the session if the number of credits decreases by the amount selected. Stop on a feature Stops if Free Spins or another bonus feature is triggered. Start AutoPlay without showing this dialog Start future sessions without viewing the AutoPlay settings, using your saved settings or the default settings. How do I change game options? Click O ptions . Choose the required settings. Click O K . What are the options settings? Game options differ between games. Your game may not have all of these options. Quick Spin Increases the speed of the Slot reel spin so your results are displayed quicker. Quick Spin in Free Spins Increases the speed of the Slot reel spin so your results are displayed quicker Switch off Gamble feature Disables the Gamble feature during the Slot game Allow Gamble Enables the Gamble feature during the Slot game. Sound Settings Displays the sound options. Switch off Cinematic Spins Plays a selection of video clips in the background during reel spins. Graphics Displays the game graphics with basic or enhanced effects. High quality effects Plays the game with or without high quality effects. Hide Respin Cost Shows or hides the respin cost when you position your mouse pointer over a Respin button. Reel Stopping Order Displays the reel stopping order options. Balance, Bet and Win Values Displays these values for the game you are playing, in coins or credits. Enable 3D Stereo Enables you to toggle between 3D mode and Standard mode Edit Avatar You can add an Avatar image, or edit an existing Avatar image How do I see game statistics? Statistics only apply to the current game session. When you exit the game, the statistics reset to zero. Click Statistics (%) . View your current Game Play Statistics. Click O K . What statistics can I view? Spin Results Displays the number of spins played during the current game session, the length of your game session, and the average number of spins per hour Highest Wins Displays the highest three win amounts during the current game session.