Battlestar Galactica About Battlestar Galactica Battlestar Galactica is a five reel and three hundred coin slot machine, with: 243 permanently enabled pay ways. A Normal game mode. An Ion Storm bonus game. A Free Spins bonus game. A Run game mode. A Jump bonus game. A Fight game mode. An extra wild symbol. A Free Spins bonus game. A wild symbol. A scatter symbol. A Paytable Achievements feature. A Rankings feature. Game Payouts Winnings paid out on the slot machine are dependent on the symbols displayed, once the reels have come to a stop. All pay ways are permanently enabled for every spin, so you cannot select or de-select pay ways. All bet amounts are automatically multiplied by a 30 bet multiplier. So, if you bet 1 coin, you are betting 1 coin x 30 = 30 total coins bet per spin. Normal and Fight Game Mode Payouts All payout figures show the number of coins that are won for each combination. The total number of coins paid out depends on the number of coins you play. Regular wins are calculated by taking the number of coins won, multiplied by the number of coins bet. For each spin, the bet amount you choose is automatically multiplied by the bet multiplier. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size you select. Multiple winning combinations are paid out per pay way. If there is more than one winning combination for different symbols on a pay way, you are paid out for each combination. If there is more than one winning combination for the same symbol on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. If winning symbol combinations are displayed on multiple pay ways, you are paid out for each combination. For a combination of regular symbols to produce a winning regular combination, the following criteria must be met: Three or more matching symbols must be displayed in any position on consecutive reels. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. Run Game Mode Payouts All payout figures show the number of coins that are won for each combination. The total number of coins paid out depends on the number of coins you play. Regular wins are calculated by taking the number of coins won, multiplied by the number of coins bet. For each spin, the bet amount you choose is automatically multiplied by the bet multiplier. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size you select. Multiple winning combinations are paid out per pay way. If there is more than one winning combination for different symbols on a pay way, you are paid out for each combination. If there is more than one winning combination for the same symbol on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. If winning symbol combinations are displayed on multiple pay ways, you are paid out for each combination. For a combination of regular symbols to produce a winning regular combination, the following criteria must be met: Three or more matching symbols must be displayed in any position on consecutive reels. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right and right-to-left, so at least one of the symbols must be displayed on either the first or the fifth slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third or fourth slot reels does not pay out. Scatter Symbol Payouts Scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the scatter symbol combination payout by the total number of regular coins bet. Scatter wins are added to regular wins. If you have a scatter win and a regular win, you are paid out for both wins, as the scatter symbol does not need to appear on consecutive reels to win. For a combination of scatter symbols to produce a winning scatter combination, the following criteria must be met: Completes a winning scatter combination when three appear on the reels. Cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. Free Spins Bonus Game Payouts The Free Spins bonus game does not activate during the Run game mode. Depending on the game mode the bonus game was activated in, you are awarded different free spin features: Normal game mode You are awarded fifteen free spins. All wins are tripled during the free spins. The bonus game cannot be re-activated during the free spins. All the bets and pay ways played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. Fight game mode You are awarded five free spins. You win a 1x multiplier value. During the free spins: You are randomly awarded additional free spins. The Wild symbols can split and become a Split Wild symbol. A Split Wild symbol doubles the payout of any combination it completes as a wild symbol. The bonus game cannot be re-activated during the free spins. Ion Storm Bonus Game Payouts The Ion Storm bonus game is randomly activated during the Normal mode game. Up to five reels are transformed into a wild reel. The Battlestar Galactica Logo symbol and the Ship symbol do not appear. Multiple winning combinations are paid out per pay way. If there is more than one winning combination for different symbols on a pay way, you are paid out for each combination. If there is more than one winning combination for the same symbol on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. Jump Bonus Game Payouts The Jump bonus game is only activated during the Run mode game. The following symbols are removed from the reels: Ace symbol King symbol Queen symbol Jack symbol Ten symbol The FLT symbol transforms into a random symbol. This symbol is displayed in all the empty positions. Multiple winning combinations are paid out per pay way. If there is more than one winning combination for different symbols on a pay way, you are paid out for each combination. If there is more than one winning combination for the same symbol on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. Game Rules Click the links for more information about the game rules. General Rules 1. All 243 pay ways are permanently enabled. 2. A bet multiplier of 30 applies per spin. 3. You can bet up to 10 coins per spin. 4. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. Game Mode Rules 1. Game modes are randomly activated. There are three game modes. Normal The Normal game mode is randomly activated. In this game mode: Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. The Ion Storm bonus game is randomly activated. The Free Spins bonus game awards different features. Run The Run game mode is randomly activated. In this game mode: Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right and right-to- left, so at least one of the symbols must be displayed on either the first or the fifth slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third or fourth slot reels does not pay out. One FLT symbol displayed on reel 3 activates the Jump bonus game. Cannot activate the Free Spins bonus game. Three or more Ship symbols scattered on the reels complete a winning scatter combination. Cannot activate the Ion Storm bonus game. Fight The Fight game mode is randomly activated during the Run game mode only. In this game mode: There is an extra wild symbol. The Free Spins bonus game awards different features. Wild Symbol Rules 1. The Battlestar Galactica Logo symbol is a wild symbol. 2. Does not substitute for the scatter symbol. 3. Creates its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear on a pay way. 4. Creates a wild symbol stack. Only stacks on reel 1 during the Normal game mode and free spins. 5. Does not log an achievement when it completes any combination. 6. Multiple winning combinations are paid out per pay way. If there is more than one winning combination for different symbols on a pay way, you are paid out for each combination. If there is more than one winning combination for the same symbol on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. Wild Symbol Rules 1. The extra wild feature is only available in the Fight game mode. 2. Up to five symbols are randomly transformed into a wild symbol. 3. During the free spins, the Wild symbols can split and become a Split Wild symbol. 4. A Split Wild symbol doubles the payout of any combination it completes as a wild symbol. 5. Does not substitute for the scatter symbol. 6. Multiple winning combinations are paid out per pay way. If there is more than one winning combination for different symbols on a pay way, you are paid out for each combination. If there is more than one winning combination for the same symbol on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. Scatter Symbol Rules 1. The Ship symbol is a scatter symbol. 2. Completes a winning scatter combination when three appear on the reels. 3. Cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. 4. Scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the scatter symbol combination payout by the total number of regular coins bet. 5. Scatter wins are added to regular wins. If you have a scatter win and a regular win, you are paid out for both wins, as the scatter symbol does not need to appear on consecutive reels to win. 6. During the Normal and Fight game modes, three or more Ship symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Free Spins bonus game. Free Spins Bonus Game Rules 1. During the Normal and Fight game modes, three or more Ship symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Free Spins bonus game. 2. The Free Spins bonus game does not activate during the Run game mode. 3. Depending on the game mode the bonus game was activated in, you are awarded different free spin features: Normal game mode You are awarded fifteen free spins. All wins are tripled during the free spins. The bonus game cannot be re-activated during the free spins. · Fight game mode You are awarded five free spins. You win a 1x multiplier value. During the free spins: You are randomly awarded additional free spins. The extra free spins are added to the remaining number of free spins. The Wild symbols can split and become a Split Wild symbol. A Split Wild symbol doubles the payout of any combination it completes as a wild symbol. 4. The bonus game cannot be re-activated during the free spins. 5. All the bets and pay ways played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. 6. Winnings are automatically collected at the end of the bonus game. 7. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. Ion Storm Bonus Game Rules 1. The Ion Storm bonus game is randomly activated during the Normal mode game. 2. Up to five reels are transformed into a wild reel. 3. The Battlestar Galactica Logo symbol and the Ship symbol do not appear. 4. Multiple winning combinations are paid out per pay way. If there is more than one winning combination for different symbols on a pay way, you are paid out for each combination. If there is more than one winning combination for the same symbol on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. 5. Ion Storm bonus game wins are logged as achievements. 6. Winnings are automatically collected during the bonus game. 7. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. Jump Bonus Game Rules 1. One FLT symbol displayed on reel 3 activates the Jump bonus game. The Jump bonus game is only activated during the Run mode game. 2. The following symbols are removed from the reels: Ace symbol King symbol Queen symbol Jack symbol Ten symbol 3. The FLT symbol transforms into a random symbol. This symbol is displayed in all the empty positions. 4. The FLT symbol cannot transform into: The wild symbol. The scatter symbol. 5. Multiple winning combinations are paid out per pay way. If there is more than one winning combination for different symbols on a pay way, you are paid out for each combination. If there is more than one winning combination for the same symbol on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. 6. Winnings are automatically collected during the bonus game. 7. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. Betting and Payout Rules 1. All 243 pay ways are permanently enabled. 2. Your total bet amount is the number of coins you bet, multiplied by the bet multiplier. 3. A bet multiplier of 30 applies per spin. 4. You can bet up to 10 coins per spin. 5. During the Normal game mode and the Fight game mode: Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. 6. During the Run game mode: Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right and right-to-left, so at least one of the symbols must be displayed on either the first or the fifth slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third or fourth slot reels does not pay out. 7. Multiple winning combinations are paid out per pay way. If there is more than one winning combination for different symbols on a pay way, you are paid out for each combination. If there is more than one winning combination for the same symbol on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. 8. If winning symbol combinations are displayed on multiple pay ways, you are paid out for each combination. 9. All payout table win amounts in PlayCheck are displayed in coins. 10. All payout figures show the number of coins that are won for each combination. The total number of coins paid out depends on the number of coins you play. 11. Regular wins are calculated by taking the number of coins won, multiplied by the number of coins bet. For each spin, the bet amount you choose is automatically multiplied by the bet multiplier. 12. Winning scatter combinations can appear in any position on the reels. 13. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size you select. 14. The formula to calculate the conversion of your coins to credits is: number of coins x coin size played = amount in credits. 15. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. [top] Game Modes Game modes are randomly activated. There are three game modes: Normal The Normal game mode is randomly activated. In this game mode: Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. The Ion Storm bonus game is randomly activated. The Free Spins bonus game awards different features. Run The Run game mode is randomly activated. In this game mode: Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right and right-to-left, so at least one of the symbols must be displayed on either the first or the fifth slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third or fourth slot reels does not pay out. One FLT symbol displayed on reel 3 activates the Jump bonus game. Cannot activate the Free Spins bonus game. Three or more Ship symbols scattered on the reels complete a winning scatter combination. Cannot activate the Ion Storm bonus game. Fight The Fight game mode is randomly activated during the Run game mode only. In this game mode: There is an extra wild symbol. The Free Spins bonus game awards different features. [top] Wild Symbol The Battlestar Galactica Logo symbol is a wild symbol. This symbol: Does not substitute for the scatter symbol. Creates its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear on a pay way. Creates a wild symbol stack. Only stacks on reel 1 during the Normal game mode and free spins. Does not log an achievement when it completes any combination. Example Game A has the following criteria: The Wild Joker symbol substitutes for other symbols to complete winning combinations and doubles the payout. The Wild Joker symbol creates its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear in a line on an enabled payline. These payouts are not multiplied. For a combination of regular symbols to produce a winning regular combination, two or more matching symbols must be displayed in any position on consecutive reels. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. All pay ways are permanently enabled for every spin, so you cannot select or de- select pay ways. All bet amounts are automatically multiplied by a 30 bet multiplier. Multiple winning combinations are paid out per pay way. If there is more than one winning combination for different symbols on a pay way, you are paid out for each combination. If there is more than one winning combination for the same symbol on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. If winning symbol combinations are displayed on multiple pay ways, you are paid out for each combination. You select a 0.20 coin size and bet 10 coins. Your total bet amount is: 10 coins bet x 30 bet multiplier = 300 coins. You spin the reels. Two Wild Joker symbols are displayed on reels 1 and 2, and two Cherry symbols are displayed on reels 3 and 4. As the Wild Joker symbol is wild, this completes a 4 Cherry symbol combination. The Cherry symbols complete a 4 Cherry symbol combination and pays out 100 coins. So, your payout in coins is 100 coins x 10 coins = 1 000 coins. The Wild Joker is also a multiplier symbol, so the payout is doubled. This means your payout is 1 000 coins x 2 = 2 000 coins for the 4 Cherry symbol combination. The Wild Joker symbols complete a 2 Wild Joker symbol combination and pays out 10 coins. So, your payout in coins is 10 coins x 10 coins = 100 coins. So, your total payout in coins is 2 000 coins + 100 coins = 2 100 coins. And your total payout in credits is 2 100 coins x 0.20 coin size = 420 credits. [top] Extra Wild Symbol The extra wild feature is only available in the Fight game mode. In this feature: Up to five symbols are randomly transformed into a wild symbol. During the free spins, the Wild symbols can split and become a Split Wild symbol. A Split Wild symbol doubles the payout of any combination it completes as a wild symbol. Does not substitute for the scatter symbol. Example Game A has the following criteria: The Wild Joker symbol substitutes for other symbols to complete winning combinations and doubles the payout. The Wild Joker symbol creates its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear in a line on an enabled payline. These payouts are not multiplied. For a combination of regular symbols to produce a winning regular combination, two or more matching symbols must be displayed in any position on consecutive reels. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. All pay ways are permanently enabled for every spin, so you cannot select or de-select pay ways. All bet amounts are automatically multiplied by a 30 bet multiplier. Multiple winning combinations are paid out per pay way. If there is more than one winning combination for different symbols on a pay way, you are paid out for each combination. If there is more than one winning combination for the same symbol on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. If winning symbol combinations are displayed on multiple pay ways, you are paid out for each combination. You select a 0.20 coin size and bet 10 coins. Your total bet amount is: 10 coins bet x 30 bet multiplier = 300 coins. You spin the reels. Two Wild Joker symbols are displayed on reels 1 and 2, and two Cherry symbols are displayed on reels 3 and 4. As the Wild Joker symbol is wild, this completes a 4 Cherry symbol combination. The Cherry symbols complete a 4 Cherry symbol combination and pays out 100 coins. So, your payout in coins is 100 coins x 10 coins = 1 000 coins. The Wild Joker is also a multiplier symbol, so the payout is doubled. This means your payout is 1 000 coins x 2 = 2 000 coins for the 4 Cherry symbol combination. The Wild Joker symbols complete a 2 Wild Joker symbol combination and pays out 10 coins. So, your payout in coins is 10 coins x 10 coins = 100 coins. So, your total payout in coins is 2 000 coins + 100 coins = 2 100 coins. And your total payout in credits is 2 100 coins x 0.20 coin size = 420 credits. [top] Scatter Symbol The Ship symbol is a scatter symbol. This symbol: Completes a winning scatter combination when three appear on the reels. Cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. During the Normal game mode and the Fight game mode, this symbol: Activates the Free Spins bonus game when three or more appear on the five reels. Scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the scatter symbol combination payout by the total number of regular coins bet. Example Game A has the following criteria: Two or more Scatter Coin symbols scattered on the reels complete a winning scatter combination. For a combination of regular symbols to produce a winning regular combination, two or more matching symbols must be displayed in any position on consecutive reels. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. All pay ways are permanently enabled for every spin, so you cannot select or de- select pay ways. All bet amounts are automatically multiplied by a 30 bet multiplier. Multiple winning combinations are paid out per pay way. If there is more than one winning combination for different symbols on a pay way, you are paid out for each combination. If there is more than one winning combination for the same symbol on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. If winning symbol combinations are displayed on multiple pay ways, you are paid out for each combination. Scatter wins are added to regular wins. If you have a scatter win and a regular win, you are paid out for both wins, as the scatter symbol does not need to appear on consecutive reels to win. You select a 0.20 coin size and bet 10 coins. Your total bet amount is: 10 coins bet x 30 bet multiplier = 300 coins. You spin the reels. Four Cherry symbols are displayed on reels 1, 2, 3 and 4. And three Scatter Coin symbols are scattered on the reels. The Cherry symbols complete a 4 Cherry symbol combination and pays out 100 coins. So, your payout in coins is 100 coins x 10 coins = 1 000 coins. The Scatter Coin symbols complete a 3 Scatter Coin symbol combination and award a 2x multiplier value. So, your payout in coins is 300 total coins bet x 2 = 600 coins. As scatter wins are added to regular wins, your total payout in coins is 600 coins for the scatter win + 1 000 coins for the regular win = 1 600 coins. And your total payout in credits is 1 600 coins won x 0.20 coin size = 320 credits. [top] Ion Storm Bonus Game The Ion Storm bonus game is randomly activated during the Normal mode game. In this game: Up to five reels are transformed into a wild reel. The Battlestar Galactica Logo symbol and the Ship symbol do not appear. Multiple winning combinations are paid out per pay way. If there is more than one winning combination for different symbols on a pay way, you are paid out for each combination. If there is more than one winning combination for the same symbol on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. Note: Ion Storm bonus game wins are logged as achievements. Jump Bonus Game One FLT symbol displayed on reel 3 activates the Jump bonus game. The Jump bonus game is only activated during the Run mode game. In this game: The following symbols are removed from the reels: Ace symbol King symbol Queen symbol Jack symbol Ten symbol The FLT symbol transforms into a random symbol. This symbol is displayed in all the empty positions. The FLT symbol cannot transform into: The wild symbol. The scatter symbol. Multiple winning combinations are paid out per pay way. If there is more than one winning combination for different symbols on a pay way, you are paid out for each combination. If there is more than one winning combination for the same symbol on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. Free Spins Bonus Game During the Normal and Fight game modes, three or more Ship symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Free Spins bonus game. The Free Spins bonus game does not activate during the Run game mode. Depending on the game mode the bonus game was activated in, you are awarded different free spin features: Normal game mode You are awarded fifteen free spins. All wins are tripled during the free spins. The bonus game cannot be re-activated during the free spins. All the bets and pay ways played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. · Fight game mode You are awarded five free spins. You win a 1x multiplier value. During the free spins: You are randomly awarded additional free spins. The extra free spins are added to the remaining number of free spins. The Wild symbols can split and become a Split Wild symbol. A Split Wild symbol doubles the payout of any combination it completes as a wild symbol. The bonus game cannot be re-activated during the free spins. All the bets and pay ways played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. Rankings Every spin on the reels increases your experience level in the experience bar. Once the experience bar is full you progress to the next rank. As you increase your rank you unlock Battlestar Galactica video content. The more you bet the faster the experience level increases. Click the Gold Diamond symbol to view your current rank. [top] Paytable Achievements The Paytable Achievements feature enables you to track your winnings status by highlighting symbol combinations that you have won. Once you have won all combinations for a particular symbol, you are informed of this achievement, and the symbol is highlighted on the payout table. Achievements are logged during the regular mode game and the Ion Storm bonus game. Achievements are permanently highlighted on the payout table, even after you exit the game. Note: The following are not logged as achievements: A winning combination completed by a wild, multiplier symbol. Free Spins bonus game wins. Playing the game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form a winning combination on the pay way. The payout is dependent on the winning combination formed. To play: 1. Place a bet. How? Click the Bet button. Click the Coin Size arrows to increase or decrease the coin size you want to bet. Click the Coins arrows to increase or decrease the number of coins you want to bet. You can also click the Bet button arrows to select the number of coins you want to bet. 2. Click Spin . The reels start spinning. If you have a winning combination lined up on the pay way, the win is highlighted on the reels. You are paid out the win amount as displayed in the Win box. Click Win to view the top five wins for your current game session. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. [top] AutoPlay, Options and Statistics You can change options and view statistics for games using the Options or Statistics buttons. You can also spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game, using AutoPlay or AutoSpin. In some games AutoPlay is available in Expert mode only. How do I turn on Expert mode? 1. Click Expert . The Expert mode features are activated, such as AutoPlay. How do I use AutoPlay? 1. Select a bet amount. You must select a bet amount before you start the AutoPlay session, as AutoPlay plays with the last bet value. 2. If the game has Expert mode, click Expert . 3. Click AutoPlay . In some games you cannot set the number of spins to play in the AutoPlay session, so clicking this button starts AutoPlay that continues until you click Stop . In other games this button enables you to choose the number of spins you want to play and your stop options. Once you have configured these options, click Start to begin your AutoPlay session. What options do I have in Autoplay? AutoPlay options differ between games. Your game may not have all of these options. Number of spins Set the number of times the slot reels spins during your A utoPlay session. Number of seconds between spins Set the delay between AutoPlay spins. Until stop Continue Autoplay until you click the Stop button. Stop if a winexceeds or equals Stop spins if the number of credits won on any spin exceeds or equals the amount selected. Stop once all spins are complete Stop after playing the number of reel spins selected. Stop when jackpot is won Stop spins if the Jackpot is won. Stop on any win Stop the session if you win on a spin Stop if credits increase by Stop the session if the number of credits increases by the amount selected. Stop if credits decrease by Stop the session if the number of credits decreases by the amount selected. Stop on a feature Stops if Free Spins or another bonus feature is triggered. Start AutoPlay without showing this dialog Start future sessions without viewing the AutoPlay settings, using your saved settings or the default settings. How do I change game options? Click O ptions . Choose the required settings. Click O K . What are the options settings? Game options differ between games. Your game may not have all of these options. Quick Spin Increases the speed of the Slot reel spin so your results are displayed quicker. Quick Spin in Free Spins Increases the speed of the Slot reel spin so your results are displayed quicker Switch off Gamble feature Disables the Gamble feature during the Slot game Allow Gamble Enables the Gamble feature during the Slot game. Sound Settings Displays the sound options. Switch off Cinematic Spins Plays a selection of video clips in the background during reel spins. Graphics Displays the game graphics with basic or enhanced effects. High quality effects Plays the game with or without high quality effects. Hide Respin Cost Shows or hides the respin cost when you position your mouse pointer over a Respin button. Reel Stopping Order Displays the reel stopping order options. Balance, Bet and Win Values Displays these values for the game you are playing, in coins or credits. Enable 3D Stereo Enables you to toggle between 3D mode and Standard mode Edit Avatar You can add an Avatar image, or edit an existing Avatar image How do I see game statistics? Statistics only apply to the current game session. When you exit the game, the statistics reset to zero. Click Statistics (%) . View your current Game Play Statistics. Click O K . What statistics can I view? Spin Results Displays the number of spins played during the current game session, the length of your game session, and the average number of spins per hour Highest Wins Displays the highest three win amounts during the current game session.