Bonanza About Bonanza Bonanza is a six reel, video slot with reacting wins featuring Big Time Gaming's unique Megaways™, including: • Regular symbols • Wild symbol • Scatter symbol • Free Spins bonus game • Free Spins Scatter symbol • AutoPlay Game Controls Item Description Stake box Displays your bet options. • Click (◄) or (►) to decrease or increase the total amount you want to bet. Balance box Displays your Casino balances. Win box Displays your most recent win. Spin button Starts the game. AutoPlay button Displays the AutoPlay options where you can select to spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game. Click AutoPlay and select the number of spins you want to play and the stop options. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Menu button Displays a menu of general system and game options. You can also change your game options or view the paytable. Game Rules General • Variable pay ways up to 117649. • All wins begin with leftmost reel and pay left to right on consecutive reels, except Scatter which pays on any. • All Payouts are multiplied by Stake. Start the Spin • Press the Play button to start the spin at the stake displayed. • The 6 reels will spin and then come to stop, displaying the result. Symbol Wins • A win is matching consecutive symbols, regardless of height, from left to right starting from left most reel. • Highest win paid per winning combination. All winning combinations are added together. Carts • Each cart adds a symbol to the reel it is above for reels 2,3,4 and 5. Reactions • Every winning symbol is part of a reaction and is replaced by symbols coming from above on the reels and from the right in the carts. Wild symbol • Wilds substitute every symbol except Scatter. • Wilds are only present in the carts. Scatter symbol • The Scatter icon can appear in any of the reels. • Get four GOLD Scatters to win 12 Free Spins. Any extra Scatter adds an extra five Free Spins. Free Spins bonus game • The last bet you placed in the game is used as the free spins bet amount. • 3 Scatters = 5 extra Free Spins. 4 Scatters = 10 extra Free Spins. • Winnings are automatically collected after Free Spins. • During Free Spins there is an unlimited win multiplier which starts at 1 and is increased by 1 after each reaction. • Free Spin Scatter icons can appear in the carts and will award extra Free Spins. The stake that was used to trigger the Free Spins will be used for the Free Spins duration. • At the end of the Free Spins, the total winnings for the spins will be displayed. Any winnings will be credited into the players account and regular play then resumes. • This symbol cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. In the event of a non-responsive game or problem during a spin, the game will repeat the incomplete spin and display the result to the player when the game is next launched. Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed, and does not change. This game has an RTP of 95.98%. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 10/14/2020