Burning Desire General In this game all 243 pay ways are permanently enabled. Your total bet amount is the number of coins you bet, multiplied by the bet multiplier. You can bet up to 10 coins per spin. A bet multiplier of 25 applies per spin. For example, 5 coins bet per spin x 25 bet multiplier = 125 total coins bet. Regular wins are created when the same symbols appear next to each other, with one of the symbols displayed on the first slot reel. Multiple regular wins are paid per pay way. If you have more than one combination, you are paid out for all wins. If there is more than one winning combination for the same symbol on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. Regular wins are displayed in coins on the pay table. Regular wins are calculated by multiplying the amount on the pay table, by the number of coins you bet per spin. To convert your win amount in coins to credits, multiply the number of coins won by the coin size you bet. Wild symbol Substitutes for other symbols to complete wins. Only appears on reels 2 and 4. Does not substitute for the scatter symbol. Does not create its own win when multiple wild symbols appear on a pay way. Regular win rules apply. Scatter symbol Does not need to appear next to each other on a pay way to win. Creates a scatter win when two or more appear anywhere on the reels. Is not substituted by the wild symbol. Activates free spins when three or more appear on the reels. Scatter wins are displayed as a multiplier value on the pay table. Scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the amount on the pay table by the total number of coins bet. Free spins Spin for free! Activates when three or more scatter symbols appear on the reels. You are awarded 15 free spins. The last bet you placed in the game is used as the free spins bet amount. Re-activates when three or more scatter symbols appear in a free spin. You are awarded another 15 free spins. These are added to your remaining free spins count. All wins are multiplied by 3. Quick spin Quick spin increases the reel spin speed to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. To turn quick spin on in a game: Slide right to Settings . Tap quick spin Off . To disable quick spin, tap quick spin On . This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Configure my total bet Your total bet amount is the number of coins you bet, multiplied by the bet multiplier. Slide right to Settings . Tap Coin Size and select a coin size. Tap Coins and select the number of coins. Change my bet amount Your total bet amount is the number of coins you bet, multiplied by the bet multiplier. Tap Bet and select the total number of coins or credits you want to bet. The game you are playing may not have the option to bet in credits. Change from coins to credits You can change your balance, bet and win amounts to display in coins or credits. Tap Coins to convert to credits, or tap Credits to convert to coins. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 11/6/2020