Bush Telegraph About Bush Telegraph Bush Telegraph is a five reel, fifteen payline, and seventy-five coin slot machine, with: A wild symbol. A scatter symbol. A Free Spins bonus game. A Bongo bonus game. A Gamble feature. Game Payouts Winnings paid out on the slot machine are dependent on the symbols displayed on the payline, once the reels have come to a stop. Regular Payouts All payout tables display the number of coins that are won for each combination. The total number of coins paid out depends on the number of coins you play per payline. Regular payouts depend on your bet per payline. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size bet. For a combination of regular symbols to produce a winning regular combination, the following criteria must be met: The symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. Scatter Symbol Payouts Scatter payouts depend on your total bet. Scatter wins are added to regular wins. If you have a scatter win and a regular win, you are paid out for both wins, as the scatter symbol does not need to appear on an enabled payline to win. For a combination of scatter symbols to produce a winning scatter combination, the following criteria must be met: Completes a winning scatter combination when two or more appear on the reels. Cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. Free Spins Bonus Game Payouts You are awarded ten free spins. All wins are tripled during the free spins. All the bets and paylines played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. Free spins can be re-activated during the bonus game. Bongo Bonus Game Payouts The win amounts displayed in the bonus game are already multiplied by your total bet amount. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. You win the total of all the bonus win amounts revealed. Game Rules General Rules You can bet up to five coins per payline. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. Wild Symbol Rules The Wild Bush symbol is a wild symbol. Does not substitute for the scatter symbol. Does not substitute for the Bongo Bonus symbol. Creates its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear in a line on an enabled payline. Only one winning combination is paid out per payline. If there is more than one possible winning combination on a payline, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. Scatter Symbol Rules The Seedpod symbol is a scatter symbol. Completes a winning scatter combination when two or more appear on the reels. Cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. Scatter payouts depend on your total bet. Scatter wins are added to regular wins. If you have a scatter win and a regular win, you are paid out for both wins, as the scatter symbol does not need to appear on an enabled payline to win. Three or more Seedpod symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Free Spins bonus game. Bongo Bonus Game Rules Three or more Bongo Bonus symbols displayed in a line on an enabled payline, activate the Bongo bonus game. You choose objects to reveal random bonus win amounts. The number of symbols that activate the bonus game indicates the number of objects you can choose. The win amounts displayed in the bonus game are already multiplied by your total bet amount. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. You win the total of all the bonus win amounts revealed. The Bongo bonus game can be activated during the Free Spins bonus game. Bonus game wins are added to regular wins. Winnings are automatically collected at the end of the bonus game. Free Spins Bonus Game Rules Three or more Seedpod symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Free Spins bonus game. You are awarded ten free spins. All wins are tripled during the free spins. All the bets and paylines played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. Free spins can be re-activated during the bonus game. The Bongo bonus game can be activated during the free spins. The Bongo bonus game wins are not multiplied during the free spins. Bonus game wins are added to regular wins. Winnings are automatically collected at the end of the bonus game. Gamble Feature Rules Any win activates the Gamble feature. You can choose to play the feature or you can skip it and continue to play the regular game. However, the feature is not available if your win exceeds the gamble activation limit. A correct guess for the card colour doubles your win. You can play your winnings until the gamble limit is reached. The gamble limit is set at an amount limit or five gambles per game. Winnings are automatically collected during the bonus game. Betting and Payout Rules Winnings are paid out on the highest combination on each enabled payline only, except for scatter wins. Winning scatter combinations can appear in any position on the reels. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. The symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. All payout table win amounts in the game and PlayCheck are displayed in coins. All payout tables display the number of coins that are won for each combination. The total number of coins paid out depends on the number of coins you play per payline. Regular payouts depend on your bet per payline. Scatter payouts depend on your total bet. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size bet. The formula to calculate the conversion of your coins to credits is: number of coins x coin size played = amount in credits. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. Wild Symbol The Wild Bush symbol is a wild symbol. This symbol: Does not substitute for the scatter symbol. Does not substitute for the Bongo Bonus symbol. Creates its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear in a line on an enabled payline. Scatter Symbol The Seedpod symbol is a scatter symbol. This symbol: Completes a winning scatter combination when two or more appear on the reels. Cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. Scatter payouts depend on your total bet. Activates the Free Spins bonus game when three or more appear on the five reels. Bongo Bonus Game Three or more Bongo Bonus symbols displayed in a line on an enabled payline, activate the Bongo bonus game. In this game: You choose objects to reveal random bonus win amounts. Twelve Bongo Drums are displayed. Behind each Bongo Drum is a random bonus win amount. The number of symbols that activate the bonus game indicates the number of objects you can choose. The win amounts displayed in the bonus game are already multiplied by your total bet amount. Only the bonus win amount is displayed. You win the total of all the bonus win amounts revealed. The Bongo bonus game can be activated during the Free Spins bonus game. Note: At the end of the bonus game you can choose to play the Gamble feature, or you can continue to play the regular game. Free Spins bonus game Three or more Seedpod symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Free Spins bonus game. In this game: You are awarded ten free spins. All the bets and paylines played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. Free spins can be re-activated during the bonus game. The extra free spins are added to the remaining number of free spins. All wins are tripled during the free spins. The Bongo bonus game can be activated during the free spins. The Bongo bonus game wins are not multiplied during the free spins. Note: At the end of the bonus game you can choose to play the Gamble feature, or you can continue to play the regular game. Gamble Feature Any win activates the Gamble feature. You can choose to play the feature or you can skip it and continue to play the regular game. However, the feature is not available if your win exceeds the gamble activation limit. In this feature: A correct guess for the card colour doubles your win. You can play your winnings until the gamble limit is reached. The gamble limit is set at an amount limit or five gambles per game. Winnings are automatically collected during the feature. Playing the game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form a winning combination on the payline. The payout is dependent on the winning combination formed. To play: Select the number of paylines you want to play. How? Click a line number to select the number of paylines you want to bet. Click Select Lines to select the number of paylines you want to play. Place a bet. How? Click Increase (+) or Decrease (-) to select the coin size you want to bet. Click Select Coins to select the number of coins you want to bet. Click Bet Max to bet the maximum bet permitted. The number of coins bet and paylines enabled increases to the maximum bet permitted and the game automatically starts playing. Click Spin . The reels start spinning. If you have a winning combination lined up on the payline, the win is highlighted on the reels. You are paid out the win amount as displayed in the Win box. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. In some slot games the Spin button becomes a Stop button. Click Stop to display your spin results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. AutoPlay, Options and Statistics You can change options and view statistics for games using the Options or Statistics buttons. You can also spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game, using AutoPlay or AutoSpin. In some games AutoPlay is available in Expert mode only. Each game has different options and AutoPlay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. How do I turn on Expert mode? 1. Click Expert . The Expert mode features are activated, such as AutoPlay. How do I use AutoPlay? Select a bet amount. You must select a bet amount before you start the AutoPlay session, as AutoPlay plays with the last bet value. If the game has Expert mode, click Expert . Click AutoPlay . In some games you cannot set the number of spins to play in the AutoPlay session, so clicking this button starts AutoPlay that continues until you click Stop . The Stop button does not influence the results of the spin. In other games this button enables you to choose the number of spins you want to play and your stop options. Once you have configured these options, click Start to begin your AutoPlay session. What options do I have in Autoplay? AutoPlay options differ between games. Your game may not have all of these options. AutoPlay Options Number of spins Set the number of times the slot reels spins during your AutoPlay session. Number of seconds between spins Set the delay between AutoPlay spins. Until stop Continue Autoplay until you click the Stop button. This does not influence the results of the spin. Stop if a win exceeds or equals Stop spins if the number of credits won on any spin exceeds or equals the amount selected. Stop once all spins are complete Stop after playing the number of reel spins selected. Stop when jackpot is won Stop spins if the Jackpot is won. Stop on any win Stop the session if you win on a spin. Stop if credits increase by Stop the session if the number of credits increases by the amount selected. Stop if credits decrease by Stop the session if the number of credits decreases by the amount selected. Stop on a feature Stops if Free Spins or another bonus feature is triggered. Start AutoPlay without Start future sessions without viewing the AutoPlay settings, showing this dialog using your saved settings or the default settings. How do I change game options? Click Options . Choose the required settings. Click OK . What are the options settings? Game options differ between games. Your game may not have all of these options. Quick Spin Increases the speed of the Slot reel spin so your results are displayed quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Quick Spin in Free Spins Increases the speed of the Slot reel spin so your results are displayed quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Switch off Gamble feature Disables the Gamble feature during the Slot game. Allow Gamble Enables the Gamble feature during the Slot game. Sound Settings Displays the sound options. Switch off Cinematic Spins Plays a selection of video clips in the background during reel spins. Graphics Displays the game graphics with basic or enhanced effects. High quality effects Plays the game with or without high quality effects. Hide Respin Cost Shows or hides the respin cost when you position your mouse pointer over a Respin button. Reel Stopping Order Displays the reel stopping order options. Balance, Bet and Win Values Displays these values for the game you are playing, in coins or credits. Enable 3D Stereo Enables you to toggle between 3D mode and Standard mode. Edit Avatar You can add an Avatar image, or edit an existing Avatar image. How do I see game statistics? Statistics only apply to the current game session. When you exit the game, the statistics reset to zero. Click Statistics (%) . View your current Game Play Statistics. Click OK . What statistics can I view? Spin Results Displays the number of spins played during the current game session, the length of your game session, and the average number of spins per hour. Highest Wins Displays the highest three win amounts during the current game session. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 6/15/2020