Break da bank again Content Break da Bank Again Regular symbols Wild, multiplier symbol Scatter Symbol Free Spins bonus game Gamble feature Playing the game Game Payouts Game Rules AutoPlay, Options and Statistics Break da Bank Again About Break da Bank Again Break da Bank Again is a five reel, nine payline, and ninety coin slot machine, with: Regular and special symbols Regular symbols Wild, multiplier symbol Scatter symbol [top] Bonus features and games Free Spins bonus game Gamble feature Game play and advanced features Playing the game Free Games Regular symbols Regular symbols are all symbols on the reels that do not have a bonus feature but complete regular winning combinations on enabled paylines. Regular symbol rules: Matching symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. Regular payouts depend on your bet per payline. [top] Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed, and does not change. This game has an RTP of 95.43%. Wild, multiplier symbol The Break da Bank Again symbol is a wild, multiplier symbol. Wild symbol rules: Multiplies the payout of any combination it completes as a wild symbol by 5. Does not create its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear in a line on an enabled payline. Does not substitute for the scatter symbol. [top] Scatter Symbol The Safe symbol is a scatter symbol. Scatter symbol rules: Completes a winning scatter combination when two or more appear on the reels. Activates the Free Spins bonus game when three or more appear on the five reels. Cannot be substituted by the wild, multiplier symbol. Scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the scatter symbol combination payout by the total number of regular coins bet. [top] Free Spins bonus game Three or more Safe symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Free Spins bonus game. Free Spins bonus game rules: You are awarded up to twenty-five free spins. You can also win additional free spins. All regular wins are multiplied by 5 during the free spins. The number of symbols that activated the bonus game indicates the number of free spins you win. All the bets and paylines played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. The bonus game cannot be re-activated during the free spins. For each Safe symbol scattered on the reels during the free spins, you are awarded an additional free spin. The extra free spins are added to the remaining number of free spins. The Break da Bank Again symbol awards a 25x multiplier value on the payout of any combination it completes during the free spins. [top] Gamble feature Any win activates the Gamble feature. Gamble feature rules: A correct guess for the card colour doubles your win. A correct guess for the card suit quadruples your win. You can choose to play the feature or you can skip it and continue to play the regular game. However, the feature is not available if your win exceeds the gamble activation limit. You can play your winnings until the gamble limit is reached. The gamble limit is set at an amount limit or five gambles per game. Winnings are automatically collected during the feature. [top] Playing the game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form a winning combination on the payline. The payout is dependent on the winning combination formed. To play: 1. Select the number of paylines you want to play. How? Click a line number to select the number of paylines you want to bet. To increase the number of paylines you want to bet, click Select Lines . 2. Place a bet. How? Click Increase (+) or Decrease (-) to select the coin size you want to bet. To increase the number of coins you want to bet, click Select Coins . To bet the maximum number of coins permitted, click Bet Max . The number of coins bet increases to the maximum and the game automatically starts playing. 3. Click Spin . The reels start spinning. If you have a winning combination lined up on the payline, the win is highlighted on the reels. You are paid out the win amount as displayed in the Win box. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. [top] Game Payouts Winnings paid out on the slot machine are dependent on the symbols displayed on the payline, once the reels have come to a stop. Regular Payouts All payout tables display the number of coins that are won for each combination. The total number of coins paid out depends on the number of coins you play per payline. Regular wins are calculated by taking the number of coins won, multiplied by the number of coins played per payline. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size you select. For a combination of regular symbols to produce a winning regular combination, the following criteria must be met: The symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. Example Game A has the following criteria: Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. Only one winning combination is paid out per payline. If there is more than one possible winning combination on a payline, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. Winnings are paid out on the highest combination on each enabled payline only. You select a 0.50 coin size and 10 coins per payline. You then bet on three paylines, so your total bet amount is: 10 coins bet per payline x 3 paylines = 30 coins. You spin the reels. Four Cherry symbols are displayed on reels 1, 2, 3 and 4 of payline 1. And three Bell symbols are displayed on reels 1, 2 and 3 of payline 3. The Cherry symbols complete a 4 Cherry symbol combination and pays out 100 coins. So, your payout in coins is 100 coins x 10 coins bet per payline = 1 000 coins. The Bell symbols complete a 3 Bell symbol combination and pays out 15 coins. So, your payout in coins is 15 coins x 10 coins bet per payline = 150 coins. Your total payout in coins is 1 000 coins for payline 1 + 150 coins for payline 3 = 1 150 coins. And your total payout in credits is 1 150 coins won x 0.50 coin size = 575 credits. · Scatter Symbol Payouts Scatter payouts depend on your total bet. Scatter wins are added to regular wins. If you have a scatter win and a regular win, you are paid out for both wins, as the scatter symbol does not need to appear on an enabled payline to win. For a combination of scatter symbols to produce a winning scatter combination, the following criteria must be met: Completes a winning scatter combination when two or more appear on the reels. Cannot be substituted by the wild, multiplier symbol. Example Game A has the following criteria: Two or more Scatter Coin symbols scattered on the reels complete a winning scatter combination. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. Only one winning combination is paid out per payline. If there is more than one possible winning combination on a payline, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. Scatter wins are added to regular wins. If you have a scatter win and a regular win, you are paid out for both wins, as the scatter symbol does not need to appear on an enabled payline to win. You select a 0.50 coin size and 10 coins per payline. You then bet on three paylines, so your total bet amount is: 10 coins bet per payline x 3 paylines = 30 coins. You spin the reels. Three Bell symbols are displayed on reels 1, 2 and 3 of payline 3. And three Scatter Coin symbols are scattered on the reels. The Bell symbols complete a 3 Bell symbol combination and pays out 15 coins. So, your payout in coins is 15 coins x 10 coins bet per payline = 150 coins. The Scatter Coin symbols complete a 3 Scatter Coin symbol combination and award a 2x multiplier value. So, your payout in coins is 30 coins bet x 2 = 60 coins. As scatter wins are added to regular wins, your total payout in coins is 60 coins for the scatter win + 150 coins for the regular win = 210 coins. And your total payout in credits is 210 coins won x 0.50 coin size = 105 credits. Free Spins Bonus Game Payouts You are awarded up to twenty-five free spins. All regular wins are multiplied by 5 during the free spins. The Break da Bank Again symbol awards a 25x multiplier value on the payout of any combination it completes during the free spins. You can also win additional free spins. All the bets and paylines played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. The bonus game cannot be re-activated during the free spins. Example Game A has the following criteria: Three or more Scatter Coin symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Free Spins bonus game. You win three free spins in the bonus game. All regular wins are doubled in the bonus game. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. Only one winning combination is paid out per payline. If there is more than one possible winning combination on a payline, you are paid out the value of the highestcombination only. Scatter wins are added to regular wins. If you have a scatter win and a regular win, you are paid out for both wins, as the scatter symbol does not need to appear on an enabled payline to win. You select a 0.50 coin size and 10 coins per payline. You then bet on three paylines, so your total bet amount is: 10 coins bet per payline x 3 paylines = 30 coins. You spin the reels. Three Bell symbols are displayed on reels 1, 2 and 3 of payline 3. And three Scatter Coin symbols are scattered on the reels. The Bell symbols complete a 3 Bell symbol combination and pays out 15 coins. So, your payout in coins is 15 coins x 10 coins bet per payline = 150 coins. The Scatter Coin symbols complete a 3 Scatter Coin symbol combination and award a 2x multiplier value. So, your payout in coins is 30 coins bet x 2 = 60 coins. As three Scatter Coin symbols activate the bonus game, the Free Spins bonus game begins. On the first free spin of the bonus game, four Cherry symbols are displayed on reels 1, 2, 3 and 4 of payline 1. This completes a 4 Cherry symbol combination and pays out 100 coins x 10 coins bet per payline = 1 000 coins. As all regular wins are doubled during the bonus game, your payout in coins is 1 000 coins x 2 = 2 000 coins for this combination. On the second free spin, three Lemon symbols are displayed on reels 1, 2 and 3 of payline 2. This completes a 3 Lemon symbol combination and pays out 80 coins x 10 coins bet per payline = 800 coins. As all regular wins are doubled during the bonus game, your payout in coins is 800 coins x 2 = 1 600 coins for this combination. There is no winning combination on the third free spin, so your total bonus game payout is 2 000 coins for the first free spin + 1 600 coins for the second free spin = 3 600 coins. As scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins, your total payout in coins is 150 coins for the regular win + 60 coins for the scatter win + 3 600 coins for the bonus game win = 3 810 coins. And your total payout in credits is 3 810 coins won x 0.50 coin size = 1 905 credits. Gamble Feature Payouts A correct guess for the card colour doubles your win. A correct guess for the card suit quadruples your win. You can play your winnings until the gamble limit is reached. Example Game A has the following criteria: Any win activates the Gamble feature. The gamble activation limit is set at 8 000 coins. The gamble limit is set at 8 000 coins or five gambles per game. You select a 0.50 coin size and 10 coins per payline. You then bet on three paylines, so your total bet amount is: 10 coins bet per payline x 3 paylines = 30 coins. You spin the reels. Four Cherry symbols are displayed on reels 1, 2, 3 and 4 of payline 1. This completes a 4 Cherry symbol combination and pays out 100 coins. So, your payout is 100 coins x 10 coins bet per payline = 1 000 coins. The Gamble feature begins. On the first gamble, you choose the card colour black and the next card drawn is a Jack of Spades. As you guessed the correct card colour, your win amount is doubled. So, your payout is 1 000 coins won x 2 = 2 000 coins. On the second gamble, you choose the card suit diamonds and the next card drawn is a Three of Diamonds. As you guessed the correct card suit, your win amount is quadrupled. So, your payout is 2 000 coins x 4 = 8 000 coins. As the gamble limit is set to 8 000 coins, the feature is over and you are returned to the regular game. Your total payout in coins is 8 000 coins and your total payout in credits is 8 000 coins x 0.50 coin size = 4 000 credits. [top] Game Rules Click the links for more information about the game rules. General Rules 1. You can bet up to ten coins per payline. 2. Malfunctions void all plays and pays Wild, Multiplier Symbol Rules 1. The Break da Bank Again symbol is a wild, multiplier symbol. 2. Multiplies the payout of any combination it completes as a wild symbol by 5. 3. Does not substitute for the scatter symbol. 4. There are no payouts for any wild, multiplier symbol combinations. 5. Only one winning combination is paid out per payline. If there is more than one possible winning combination on a payline, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. Scatter Symbol Rules 1. The Safe symbol is a scatter symbol. 2. Completes a winning scatter combination when two or more appear on the reels. 3. Cannot be substituted by the wild, multiplier symbol. 4. Scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the scatter symbol combination payout by the total number of regular coins bet. 5. Scatter wins are added to regular wins. If you have a scatter win and a regular win, you are paid out for both wins, as the scatter symbol does not need to appear on an enabled payline to win. 6. Three or more Safe symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Free Spins bonus game. Free Spins Bonus Game Rules 1. Three or more Safe symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Free Spins bonus game. 2. You are awarded up to twenty-five free spins. 3. All regular wins are multiplied by 5 during the free spins. 4. You can also win additional free spins. 5. The Break da Bank Again symbol awards a 25x multiplier value on the payout of any combination it completes during the free spins. 6. The number of symbols that activated the bonus game indicates the number of free spins you win. 7. All the bets and paylines played in the free spins are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. 8. The bonus game cannot be re-activated during the free spins. 9. For each Safe symbol scattered on the reels during the free spins, you are awarded an additional free spin. The extra free spins are added to the remaining number of free spins. 10. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. 11. Winnings are automatically collected during the bonus game. Gamble Feature Rules 1. Any win activates the Gamble feature. 2. You can choose to play the feature or you can skip it and continue to play the regular game. However, the feature is not available if your win exceeds the gamble activation limit. 3. A correct guess for the card colour doubles your win. 4. A correct guess for the card suit quadruples your win. 5. You can play your winnings until the gamble limit is reached. 6. The gamble limit is set at an amount limit or five gambles per game. 7. Winnings are automatically collected during the bonus game. Betting and Payout Rules 1. Winnings are paid out on the highest combination on each enabled payline only, except for scatter wins. 2. Winning scatter combinations can appear in any position on the reels. 3. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. 4. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so one symbol must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. The symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. 5. All payout table win amounts in the game and PlayCheck are displayed in coins. 6. All payout tables display the number of coins that are won for each combination. The total number of coins paid out depends on the number of coins you play per payline. 7. Regular wins are calculated by taking the number of coins won, multiplied by the number of coins played per payline. 8. Scatter wins are calculated by multiplying the scatter symbol combination payout by the total number of regular coins bet. 9. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size you select. 10. The formula to calculate the conversion of your coins to credits is: number of coins x coin size played = amount in credits. 11. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. [top] AutoPlay, Options and Statistics You can change options and view statistics for games using the Options or Statistics buttons. You can also spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game, using AutoPlay or AutoSpin. In some games AutoPlay is available in Expert mode only. How do I turn on Expert mode? 1. Click Expert . The Expert mode features are activated, such as AutoPlay. How do I use AutoPlay? 1. Select a bet amount. You must select a bet amount before you start the AutoPlay session, as AutoPlay plays with the last bet value. 2. If the game has Expert mode, click Expert . 3. Click AutoPlay . In some games you cannot set the number of spins to play in the AutoPlay session, so clicking this button starts AutoPlay that continues until you click Stop . In other games this button enables you to choose the number of spins you want to play and your stop options. Once you have configured these options, click Start to begin your AutoPlay session. What options do I have in Autoplay? AutoPlay options differ between games. Your game may not have all of these options. Number of spins Set the number of times the slot reels spins during your A utoPlay session. Number of seconds between spins Set the delay between AutoPlay spins. Until stop Continue Autoplay until you click the Stop button. Stop if a winexceeds or equals Stop spins if the number of credits won on any spin exceeds or equals the amount selected. Stop once all spins are complete Stop after playing the number of reel spins selected. Stop when jackpot is won Stop spins if the Jackpot is won. Stop on any win Stop the session if you win on a spin Stop if credits increase by Stop the session if the number of credits increases by the amount selected. Stop if credits decrease by Stop the session if the number of credits decreases by the amount selected. Stop on a feature Stops if Free Spins or another bonus feature is triggered. Start AutoPlay without showing this dialog Start future sessions without viewing the AutoPlay settings, using your saved settings or the default settings. How do I change game options? Click O ptions . Choose the required settings. Click O K . What are the options settings? Game options differ between games. Your game may not have all of these options. Quick Spin Increases the speed of the Slot reel spin so your results are displayed quicker. Quick Spin in Free Spins Increases the speed of the Slot reel spin so your results are displayed quicker Switch off Gamble feature Disables the Gamble feature during the Slot game Allow Gamble Enables the Gamble feature during the Slot game. Sound Settings Displays the sound options. Switch off Cinematic Spins Plays a selection of video clips in the background during reel spins. Graphics Displays the game graphics with basic or enhanced effects. High quality effects Plays the game with or without high quality effects. Hide Respin Cost Shows or hides the respin cost when you position your mouse pointer over a Respin button. Reel Stopping Order Displays the reel stopping order options. Balance, Bet and Win Values Displays these values for the game you are playing, in coins or credits. Enable 3D Stereo Enables you to toggle between 3D mode and Standard mode Edit Avatar You can add an Avatar image, or edit an existing Avatar image How do I see game statistics? Statistics only apply to the current game session. When you exit the game, the statistics reset to zero. Click Statistics (%) . View your current Game Play Statistics. Click O K . What statistics can I view? Spin Results Displays the number of spins played during the current game session, the length of your game session, and the average number of spins per hour Highest Wins Displays the highest three win amounts during the current game session. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 12/4/2020