Break Away Lucky Wilds Break Away Lucky Wilds Break Away Lucky Wilds is a five reel, 18, 38, 68 or 88 payline slot machine, including: • Regular symbols • Wild symbol • Scatter symbol • Smashing Wild™ feature • Rolling Reels™ feature • Free Spins bonus game • Paytable Achievements feature • This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Game Rules General • Your bet is dependent on the number of paylines, the number of coins per payline and coin size played. • All paytables display the number of credits that are won for each combination. • Only one regular winning combination is paid out per payline and you are paid out the value of the highest win. • Only one scatter winning combination is paid out per spin and you are paid out the value of the highest win. • Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. • If you have a winning combination, the win is highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. Regular symbols • Matching symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. • Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, starting from the first slot reel. • Regular payouts depend on your bet per payline. Wild symbol • This symbol does not substitute for the scatter symbol. • This symbol creates a wild symbol stack. • During the regular game, this symbol only appears on reels 3, 4 and 5. • During the free spins, this symbol only appears on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. Scatter symbol • This symbol does not need to appear on an enabled payline to win. • This symbol cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. • This symbol does not appear during the free spins. • This symbol does not appear during the Smashing Wild™ feature. • Scatter payouts depend on your total bet. Smashing Wild™ feature • This feature is randomly activated during the regular slot game. A random reel is transformed into a wild reel. • Only reels 2, 3 and 4 are transformed. • The transformed reel remains wild during this feature. • This feature is not available during the free spins. • Winnings are automatically collected during the feature. Rolling Reels™ feature • Any win activates the Rolling Reels™ feature, except for scatter symbol winning combinations. • Regular winning symbol combinations are removed from the reels after you are paid out. • If a winning combination results from the shifting symbols, you are paid out again. The symbols above the removed symbols shift position to fill the empty spaces. • This process repeats itself, increasing your chances of winning without betting on another spin. • Scatter winning symbols combinations remain on the reels and shift position to fill any empty spaces. • Regular wins are automatically collected during the feature. • Scatter wins are automatically collected at the end of the feature. Free Spins bonus game • Rolling Reels™ are available during the free spins. • You are awarded a multiplier value for each rolling reel. • The multiplier value increases on every consecutive win. The maximum multiplier value is 8. • The multiplier value resets to 1 if the shifting symbols do not complete a win. • The Growing Wilds™ feature is available during the free spins. • The wild symbol stacks on reels 2, 3, 4 and 5. • The stack grows by one symbol per spin. • The stacked wild symbol completes winning combinations. • Free spins cannot be re-activated. • The last bet you placed in the game is used as the free spins bet amount. • Winnings are automatically collected during the free spins. Paytable Achievements feature This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. • Tracks your win status by highlighting symbol combinations you have won. • When you win all combinations for the same symbol it is highlighted. • Achievements are permanently highlighted on the payout table, even after you exit the game. • Regular game wins are logged as achievements. • Wild symbol substitute wins are not logged as achievements. • Free spins wins are not logged as achievements. Game Controls Item Description Balance box Displays your Casino balances. Bet box Displays your total bet amount per spin. Win box Displays your most recent wins. Bet button Displays your bet options. Depending on your game some of these bet options may not apply. (+) or (-) Selects the total amount you want to bet. Coin Size Selects the coin size you want to bet. Coins Per Line Selects the number of coins you want to bet per payline. Coins or Coins Bet Selects the number of coins you want to bet. Lines Selects the number of paylines you want to play. Quick Bet Displays a range of quick betting options to select your total bet amount. Max Bet or Max Places the maximum bet permitted. Depending on your game, this can convert the coin size and the number of coins to the maximum bet permitted. Spin button Starts the game. Stop button Displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. AutoPlay button Displays the AutoPlay options where you can select to spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game. AutoPlay Stop button button Displays the number of spins remaining and can stop the session. This does not influence the results of the spin. Quick spin button button Quick spin increases the reel spin speed to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Menu button Displays the game settings and game payout table. X button Closes the game. Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed, and does not change. This game has an RTP for different game modes: Game modes RTP % 18 paylines 96.18% 38 paylines 96.38% 68 paylines 96.68% 88 paylines 96.88% The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 10/14/2020