Baccarat Gold About Baccarat Gold Baccarat Gold is played with eight standard decks of 52 playing cards that are shuffled when a portion of the deck is dealt. This game: Has the option to place up to nine Banker bets or Player bets per hand. Pays winning Banker bets less a 5% commission on the win amount. Has high odds. Has seven types of bets: Banker bet Player bet Tie bet Banker and Tie bet Player and Tie bet Banker Pair bet Player Pair bet Has optional side bets that make you eligible for bonus payouts. Enables you to squeeze and rotate cards. Game Payouts All figures show the odds payout for each hand combination. Regular Payouts Regular payouts depend on the hand ranking of your hand and the dealer's hand. Hand Combination Odds Banker bet 1:1 Player bet 1:1 Tie bet 8:1 Bonus Payouts Hand Combination Odds Banker Pair bet 11:1 Player Pair bet 11:1 Game Rules Click the links for more information about the game rules. General Rules You can place up to nine Banker bets or Player bets per hand. Each bet is resolved independently, against the same hand. The player's first card is always dealt before the banker's first card. King's, Queen's, Jack's and Ten's have a zero point count. If both the Banker’s hand and your hand have the same value, the hands tie. The dealer burns up to three cards after each shuffle and cut. Malfunctions void all plays and pays Betting and Payout Rules You can place a dual bet on a Tie bet and a Banker bet or a Player bet. Each bet is resolved independently. If you placed a Tie bet and win, you are paid out at odds of 8:1 on your regular bet amount. If the hands tie and you did not place a Tie bet, your bet is returned to you. Banker bets are paid less a 5% commission. The 5% commission is only charged on winning bets. Regular wins are added to bonus wins. Third Card Rules If the player stands and the banker's hand has a value of 5 or less, the banker receives a third card. If the banker or player's hand has a value of 8 or 9, both hands automatically stand. This rule overrides all others. If the player's hand has a value of 5 or less, the player receives a third card. If the player receives a third card, use the chart below to determine if the banker receives a third card: Banker's Hand Value (Two Cards) Player's Hand Value (Three Cards) 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 7 Stand Stand Stand Stand Stand Stand Stand Stand Stand Stand 6 Stand Stand Stand Stand Stand Stand Yes Yes Stand Stand 5 Stand Stand Stand Stand Yes Yes Yes Yes Stand Stand 4 Stand Stand Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Stand Stand 3 Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Stand Yes 2 Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes 1 Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes 0 Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Squeeze and Rotate Rules 1. When playing a face-down game, you can peek at particular cards. You can also rotate cards to change their orientation on the table. You squeeze a card by placing your mouse pointer over the edge of the card and dragging the card back. You rotate a card by placing your mouse pointer near the edge of the card and clicking the highlighted arrows. If the card is dragged more than half way back, it automatically flips the card over. The hand you bet on determines the cards you can peek at: If you place a Banker bet, you can peek at the Banker's hand. If you place a Player bet, you can peek at the player's hand. If you place a Tie bet, Banker Pair bet or a Player Pair bet, peeking is not available. If you place a dual bet on a Banker bet and Tie bet, you can peek at the banker's hand. If you place a dual bet on a Player bet and Tie bet, you can peek at the player's hand. If you place a dual bet, you can peek at the banker or player's hand. If a third card is dealt to the hand you bet on, you can peek at it. Bonus Rules This game has two side bets that qualify you for bonus payouts: Banker Pair bet Player Pair bet You can place a dual bet on a Banker Pair bet and a Player Pair bet. Each bet is resolved independently. You must place a side bet to qualify for bonus payouts. The side bets are not compulsory. The side bet is placed before any hands are dealt. Card Points Each card dealt has a point count. Winning hands are determined by the total point count of a hand, and the hand with the point count closest to nine wins. Card Denomination Point Count Nine 9 Eight 8 Seven 7 Six 6 Five 5 Four 4 Three 3 Two 2 Ace 1 King 0 Queen 0 Jack 0 Ten 0 Playing the game The objective of the game is to predict if the banker or player's hand will be closer to the value of 9, or if the hands will tie. In this game, you can place up to nine Banker bets or Player bets per hand. To play: Click a chip in the Chip Selection area to select the chip size you want to bet. You can view more chip sizes by clicking the arrows. Place your bet. How Click the Banker betting area to place a bet on the Banker's hand winning the game. Click the Player betting area to place a bet on the player's hand winning the game. Click the Tie betting area to place a bet on the banker and player's hands having the same value. Click the Banker Pair betting area to place a side bet on the banker’s first two cards being a pair. Click the Player Pair betting area to place a side bet on the player’s first two cards being a pair. Click a combination of betting areas to place a dual bet. To increase your bet, click the bet you want to increase. The chip pile increases by the chip size currently selected. To reduce or remove a bet, right-click the bet you want to reduce or remove. The chip pile decreases by the chip size currently selected. To reduce or remove a bet, hold down the Shift key on your keyboard and click the bet you want to reduce or remove. The chip pile decreases by the chip size currently selected. Other Betting Options Rebet To bet the same number of chips as your previous game, click Rebet . The chips are placed on the table. Shortcut Key = R Rebet x2 To bet double the number of chips as your previous game, click Rebet x2. The chips are placed on the table. Shortcut Key = T Clear Bets To remove all bets from the table, click Clear Bets . The bets are cleared from the table. Shortcut Key = C Click Deal . More Shortcut Key = D A hand of two cards is dealt to you and the Banker, face-down. You can peek at the cards of the hand you are betting on. Click Squeeze. More The cards are turned face-up. Depending on the cards dealt and the game rules, the hands are dealt a third card. Shortcut Key = S Your hand and the Banker's hand are compared. If you have a winning bet, you are paid out according to the game payouts. If you do not have a winning bet, the game is over and you can play again. Game Roadmap and History The Roadmap and History summarises your current game play session. You can view the scores for the type of hands dealt, the number of times the type of hand won, and how many times a specific hand type won in succession. Roadmap The Roadmap displays a trend of recent winning hands. This enables you to analyse the game history, so you can identify trends and develop a betting strategy based on the game results. The results are shown in 4 layouts: All hand results are colour-coded: Red represents Banker winning hands. Blue represents Player winning hands. A green stripe represents tied hands. Consecutive wins are recorded in the same column. For example, indicates a Banker winning hand, followed by a tie. And indicates a Player winning hand, followed by two tied hands. History The History displays a record of recent winning hands. All hand results are colour-coded: Red represents Banker winning hands. Blue represents Player winning hands. Green represents tied hands. A red dot on any icon represents Banker Pair winning hands. A blue dot on any icon represents Player Pair winning hands. Indicates a Player winning hand, with a Banker Pair. Game Options You can change your game play and sound settings. The options are: Game Play Settings Displays the game play options: Auto Rebet This option automatically places the same number of chips bet in your previous game, on the table, when a new game begins. Quick Deal This option increases the deal speed. Remove Losing Hands This option keeps your losing hands on the table Roadmap Background Colour Enables you to change the background colour of the Roadmap. Sound Settings Displays the sound options. To change the game options: Click Options . Choose the required settings. Click OK . Game Statistics Game Statistics enable you to view information about your current game session. Statistics only apply to the current game session. When you exit the game, the statistics reset to zero. You can view the number of hands played, the percentage of winning hand combinations and what the winning combinations were. The statistics are: Hand Results Displays the number of hands played during the current game session. Highest Wins Displays the highest three win amounts during the current game session. To view game statistics: Click Statistics (%) . View your current game play statistics. Click OK . Last modification date: 12/17/2018