Bar Bar Black Sheep General In this game all 15 paylines are permanently enabled. Your total bet amount is the number of coins you bet per payline, multiplied by the number of paylines. You can bet up to 20 coins per payline. To convert your win amount in coins to credits, multiply the number of coins won by the coin size you bet. Regular symbols Regular wins are created when the same symbols appear next to each other, with one of the symbols displayed on the first slot reel. One regular win is paid per payline. If you have more than one combination, you are paid the win that has the highest value. Regular wins are displayed in coins on the pay table. Regular wins depend on your bet per payline. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. Wild symbol Substitutes for other symbols to complete wins. Only appears on reels 2 and 4. Does not substitute for the scatter symbol. Does not create its own winning combination. Regular win rules apply. Scatter symbol Does not need to appear next to each other on a payline to win. Creates a scatter win when two or more appear anywhere on the reels. Is not substituted by the wild symbol. Scatter wins are displayed as a multiplier value on the pay table. Scatter payouts depend on your total bet. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. Activates free spins when three or more appear on the reels. Free Spins bonus game Spin for free! Activates when three or more scatter symbols appear on the reels. You are awarded up to 20 free spins. The number of symbols that activated the bonus game indicates the number of free spins you win. All wins are tripled during the free spins, except for the Bar Bar Black Sheep Bonus feature wins. The last bet you placed in the game is used as the free spins bet amount. Re-activates when three or more scatter symbols appear in a free spin. The extra free spins are added to the remaining number of free spins. Winnings are automatically collected during the feature. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular wins. Bar Bar Black Sheep Bonus feature Activates when two Bar symbols followed by a Black Sheep symbol need to appear consecutively on the reels to complete a Bar Bar Black Sheep bonus combination. The symbols must appear in an adjacent, straight line along paylines 1, 2 or 3.  The first Bar symbol in the combination must be displayed on reels 1, 2 or 3. The three symbols change and spin in a random multiplier value. The random multiplier value awarded is multiplied by your bet per payline. The wild symbol does not substitute for any symbol to complete the Bar Bar Black Sheep bonus combination. Paytable Achievements Tracks your win status by highlighting symbol combinations you have won. When you win all combinations for the same symbol it is highlighted. Achievements are permanently highlighted on the pay table, even if you exit the game. Regular game wins are logged as achievements. Wild symbol substitute wins are not logged as achievements. Free spins wins are not logged as achievements. A Bar Bar Black Sheep bonus combination is not logged as an achievement. Quick Spin Quick spin increases the reel spin speed to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Tap Menu . Tap Settings . Tap quick spin Off . To disable quick spin, tap quick spin On . This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Configure my total bet Your total bet amount is the number of coins you bet, multiplied by the bet multiplier. Tap Menu . Tap Settings . Tap Coin Size and select a coin size. Tap Coins Per Line and select the number of coins. Change my bet amount Your total bet amount is the number of coins you bet per payline, multiplied by the number of paylines. Tap Bet and select the total number of coins or credits you want to bet per spin. The game you are playing may not have the option to bet in credits. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Change from coins to credits You can change your balance, bet and win amounts to display in coins or credits. Tap Coins to convert to credits, or tap Credits to convert to coins. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing Last modification date: 6/15/2020