Beautiful Bones Mobile General All 243 pay ways are permanently enabled. Your bet is dependent on the number of coins and coin size played. A bet multiplier of 30 applies per spin. For example, 5 coins bet per spin x 30 bet multiplier = 150 total coins bet. All payout tables display the number of coins or credits that are won for each combination. To convert your win amount in coins to credits, multiply the number of coins won by the coin size bet. All payout table win amounts in PlayCheck are displayed in coins. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size bet. Multiple regular winning combinations are paid per pay way. If there is more than one regular winning combination for different symbols on a pay way, you are paid out for each combination. If there is more than one regular winning combination for the same symbol on a pay way, you are paid out the value of the highest win. Bonus wins are added to regular wins. If you have a winning combination, the win is highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. Regular symbols Matching symbols must be next to each other on an enabled pay way. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, starting from the first slot reel. Regular payouts depend on the number of coins you bet per spin. Wild symbol This symbol only appears when a 3 of a kind symbol combination is displayed on the reels. The 3 of a kind symbol combination can form horizontally or vertically on the reels. The middle symbol in the 3 of a kind symbol combination, can transform into this symbol. This symbol only appears on reels 2, 3 and 4. This symbol does not substitute for the scatter symbol. Scatter symbol This symbol does not need to appear on an enabled pay way to win. This symbol cannot be substituted by the wild symbol. This symbol only appears on reels 1 and 5. This symbol does not appear during the free spins. Sugar Skull Meter Feature Each symbol displayed on the reels awards a skull and it is collected in the meter. You can choose to start free spins once you collect 10 or 20 skulls. Free spins automatically start once you collect 30 skulls. This feature is available during the Wild Spin Again feature. This feature is not available during the free spins. Wild Spin Again feature The wild symbol is held and you are awarded one free spin. This feature can be re-activated. This feature is available during free spins. During free spins, any wins are multiplied by the free spins multiplier. Free Spins The number of free spins awarded depends on the number of skulls collected in the Sugar Skull Meter feature. The last bet you placed in the game is used as the free spins bet amount. Free spins cannot be re-activated. Winnings are automatically collected during the bonus game. Paytable Achievements Tracks your win status by highlighting symbol combinations you have won. When you win all combinations for the same symbol it is highlighted. Achievements are permanently highlighted on the payout table, even after you exit the game. Regular game wins are logged as achievements. Wild symbol substitute wins are not logged as achievements. Wild Spin Again feature wins are not logged as achievements. Free spins wins are not logged as achievements. AutoPlay Automatically play a number of consecutive games. You must select a bet amount before you start AutoPlay, as it plays with the last bet value. Tap AutoPlay On . Tap the number of spins you want to play. The AutoPlay session automatically starts playing. To stop AutoPlay, tap Stop . This does not influence the results of the spin. Quick spin Quick spin increases the reel spin speed to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. To turn quick spin on in a game: Tap Menu . Tap Settings . Tap Quick spin . To disable quick spin, tap Quick spin again. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Configure my total bet Your total bet amount is the number of coins bet, multiplied by the bet multiplier. Tap Menu . Tap Settings . Tap Coin Size and select a coin size. Tap Coins Bet and select the number of coins. Change my bet amount Your total bet amount is the number of coins bet, multiplied by the bet multiplier. Tap Bet and select the total number of coins or credits you want to bet. The game you are playing may not have the option to bet in credits. Change from coins to credits You can change your balance, bet and win amounts to display in coins or credits. Tap Menu . Tap Settings . Tap Coins to convert to coins, or tap Credits to convert to credits. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Last modification date: 6/7/2017