Book of Atem Book of Atem is a five reel and ten payline slot machine, including: Regular symbols Wild Scatter symbol Expanding symbol feature Free Spins bonus game Paytable Achievements General The number of credits bet per payline is your total bet per spin divided by the number of All paylines are permanently enabled for every All paytables display the number of credits that are won for each Only one regular winning combination is paid out per payline and you are paid out the value of the highest win. Only one scatter winning combination is paid out per spin and you are paid out the value of the highest win. Scatter and bonus wins are added to regular If you have a winning combination, the win is highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play Regular symbols Matching symbols must be next to each other on an enabled Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, starting from the first slot Regular payouts depend on your bet per payline. Wild Scatter symbol This symbol substitutes for other symbols to complete This symbol does not need to appear on an enabled payline to This symbol creates its own winning During free spins, this symbol does not substitute for the expanding symbol winning combination. Scatter payouts depend on your credits bet per Free Spins bonus game The last bet you placed in the game is used as the free spins bet Free spins can be re-activated. Winnings are automatically collected during the free Expanding symbol feature This feature is only available during free A random symbol will become the expanding symbol for the duration of free spins, except the wild scatter This symbol does not need to appear on adjacent reels to complete a winning combination. This symbol does not need to appear on the first slot reel to complete a winning combination. This symbol will only expand if it completes a winning Each symbol that completes a winning combination will Expanding symbol wins are added to regular The wild scatter symbol does not substitute for the expanding symbol winning combination. Paytable Achievements Tracks your win status by highlighting symbol combinations you have When you win all combinations for the same symbol it is Achievements are permanently highlighted on the payout table, even after you exit the Regular game wins are logged as Wild symbol substitute wins are not logged as Free spins wins are not logged as AutoPlay AutoPlay enables you to automatically play a set number of consecutive games without interacting with the game. In some games AutoPlay is available in Expert mode AutoPlay plays with the last bet value you selected, so you must select a bet amount before starting Each game has different options and AutoPlay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are The number of spins remaining in your AutoPlay session is displayed in the What do you want to do? Learn about AutoPlay options AutoPlay options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. AutoPlay Options Number of spins Set the number of spins you want to play. Number of seconds between spins Set the delay between AutoPlay spins. Until stop Set the session to play until you select to stop. This does not influence the results of the spin. Stop if a win exceeds or equals Stop the session if the win exceeds or equals the amount selected. Win Limit or If win at least Stop the session if the win exceeds or equals the amount selected. Loss Limit or If amount drops by Stop the session if your balance decreases and drops below or equals the amount selected. Stop once all spins are complete Stop after playing the number of spins selected. Stop when jackpot is won Stop spins if the Jackpot is won. Stop on any win Stop the session if you win on a spin. Stop if credits increase by Stop the session if your balance increases and exceeds or equals the amount selected. Stop if credits decrease by Stop the session if your balance decreases and drops below or equals the amount selected. Stop on a feature Stops if Free Spins or another bonus feature is activated. Start AutoPlay without showing this dialog Start future sessions without viewing the AutoPlay settings, using your saved settings or the default settings. Start AutoPlay If the game has Expert mode, click Expert . Select a bet Click AutoPlay . In some games this starts the session and it continues until you click Stop . Select your AutoPlay Click Start or Start AutoPlay . Click Stop to end AutoPlay. Clicking this button does not influence the results of the spin. Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed, and does not change. This game has an RTP of 96.45%. Change my bet amount The Bet button displays your bet options. Bet options differ between games. Your game may not have all these options. Bet Options Bet Value Selects the bet value you want to bet per spin. Max Bet or Max Places the maximum bet permitted. Min Bet or Min Places the minimum bet permitted. Game Controls Item Description Balance box Displays your Casino balances. Bet box Displays your total bet amount per spin. Bet button Displays your bet options. You can change your total bet amount. Menu button Displays a menu of general system and game options. For example: Paytable - Displays the game payout tables. Spin button Starts the game. Depending on your game, pressing the space bar may also start or stop the game. Item Description Aut oPlay button Displays the AutoPlay options where you can select to spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game. Settings button Displays the game settings. Sounds Turns game sounds on or off. Vibration Turns vibration on or off. Quick spin Quick spin increases the reel spin speed to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Left Handed Moves the console bar to left or right of screen. X button Closes the game. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 10/14/2020