Big Bad Wolf About Big Bad Wolf Big Bad Wolf is a five reel, twenty-five payline, and twenty-five coin slot machine, with: A wild symbol. A Free Spins bonus game. A Swooping Reels feature. A Pigs Turn Wild feature. Game Payouts Winnings paid out on the slot machine are dependent on the symbols displayed, once the reels have come to a stop. All paylines are permanently enabled for every spin, so you cannot select or deselect paylines. You can only bet twenty-five coins per spin. Regular Payouts All payout tables display the number of credits that are won for each combination. The total number of credits paid out depends on the number of credits you play per payline. Regular wins are calculated by taking the number of credits won, multiplied by the number of credits played per payline. For a combination of regular symbols to produce a winning regular combination, the following criteria must be met: The symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so at least one of the symbols must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. Free Spins Bonus Game Payouts You are awarded ten free spins. The Swooping Reels feature is available during the free spins. Collect Moon symbols to activate the Blowing Down the House feature. You are awarded additional free spins and multiplier values. Three Moon symbols award two free spins. Six Moon symbols award two free spins and a 2x multiplier value for the remaining free spins. All the bets and paylines played in the bonus game are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. Free spins can be re-activated during the bonus game. Game Rules Click the links for more information about the game rules. General Rules You can only bet one coin per payline. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. Wild Symbol Rules The Wild Hive symbol is a wild symbol. Does not substitute for the scatter symbol. Does not substitute for the pigs turned wild symbols. Creates its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear in a line on an enabled payline. Only one winning combination is paid out per payline. If there is more than one possible winning combination on a payline, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. Free Spins Bonus Game Rules Three or more Wolf symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Free Spins bonus game. You are awarded ten free spins. The Swooping Reels feature is available during the free spins. Collect Moon symbols to activate the Blowing Down the House feature. You are awarded additional free spins and multiplier values. Three Moon symbols award two free spins. Six Moon symbols award two free spins and a 2x multiplier value for the remaining free spins. All the bets and paylines played in the bonus game are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. Free spins can be re-activated during the bonus game. Bonus game wins are added to regular wins. Winnings are automatically collected during the bonus game. Swooping Reels Feature Rules Any win on the reels activates the Swooping Reels feature. When a winning combination occurs during a spin, the symbols in the winning combination are removed after you are paid out. The symbols above the removed symbols shift position to fill the empty spaces. If a winning combination results from the shifting symbols. This process repeats itself. This increases your chances of winning without betting on another spin. The Swooping Reels feature is available during the Free Spins bonus game. Pigs Turn Wild Feature Rules Any win on the reels activates the Pigs Turn Wild feature. Each consecutive win counts up and turns pig symbols into a wild symbol. On the second consecutive win, one pig symbol turns wild. On the fourth consecutive win, another pig symbol turns wild, equalling two additional wild symbols. On the sixth consecutive win, another pig symbol turns wild, equalling three additional wild symbols. Only one winning combination is paid out per payline. If there is more than one possible winning combination on a payline, you are paid out the value of the highest combination only. Betting and Payout Rules Winnings are paid out on the highest combination on each enabled payline only. Bonus game wins are added to regular wins. Regular winning combinations pay out from left-to-right, so at least one of the symbols must be displayed on the first slot reel. A symbol combination starting from the second, third, fourth or fifth slot reel does not pay out. The symbols must be next to each other on an enabled payline. All payout tables display the number of credits that are won for each combination. The total number of credits paid out depends on the number of credits you play per payline. Regular wins are calculated by taking the number of coins won, multiplied by the number of coins played per payline. The number of credits won is dependent on the total number of coins won multiplied by the coin size you select. The formula to calculate the conversion of your coins to credits is: Number of coins x Coin size played = Amount in credits. Malfunctions void all plays and pays. Wild Symbol The Wild Hive symbol is a wild symbol. This symbol: Does not substitute for the scatter symbol. Does not substitute for the pigs turned wild symbols. Creates its own winning combination when multiple symbols appear in a line on an enabled payline. Swooping Reels feature Any win on the reels activates the Swooping Reels feature. In this feature: When a winning combination occurs during a spin, the symbols in the winning combination are removed after you are paid out. The symbols above the removed symbols shift position to fill the empty spaces. If a winning combination results from the shifting symbols. This process repeats itself. This increases your chances of winning without betting on another spin. The Swooping Reels feature is available during the Free Spins bonus game. Pigs Turn Wild Feature Any win on the reels activates the Pigs Turn Wild feature. In this feature: Each consecutive win counts up and turns pig symbols into a wild symbol. On the second consecutive win, one pig symbol turns wild. On the fourth consecutive win, another pig symbol turns wild, equalling two additional wild symbols. On the sixth consecutive win, another pig symbol turns wild, equalling three additional wild symbols. Free Spins Bonus Game Three or more Wolf symbols scattered on the reels, activate the Free Spins bonus game. In this game: You are awarded ten free spins. The Swooping Reels feature is available during the free spins. Collect Moon symbols to activate the Blowing Down the House feature. You are awarded additional free spins and multiplier values. Three Moon symbols award two free spins. Six Moon symbols award two free spins and a 2x multiplier value for the remaining free spins. All the bets and paylines played in the bonus game are the same as the spin that activated the bonus game. Free spins can be re-activated during the bonus game. If three or more Wolf symbols are scattered on the reels during the free spins, you are awarded additional free spins. The extra free spins are added to the remaining number of free spins. Playing the Game The objective of the game is to spin the reels so the symbols form a winning combination on the payline. The payout is dependent on the winning combination formed. To play: Click Total Bet to select your total bet amount. Click Spin . The reels start spinning. If you have a winning combination lined up on the payline, the win is highlighted on the reels. You are paid out the win amount as displayed in the Win box. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you can play again. The maximum win from a single game is £250,000. Last modification date: 6/15/2020