Banana Drop About Banana Drop™ Banana Drop™ is a 6 reel 4096 way ANY ADJACENT PAYS™ slot game including: Regular Symbols Wild Symbol Scatter Symbol Falling Banana Feature Banana Drop™ Bonus Spins Paytable Achievements Feature Game Rules General The base game includes a gameboard consisting of 6 reels, with 4 symbol rows each and 4096 active ways. Featuring: ANY ADJACENT PAYS™ - Winning combinations can be anywhere on the reels! 3 or more matching symbols on a way, on adjacent reels, represent a winning combination. Only the highest win per way will be paid. Way wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier of the winning game. Your bet multiplier is equal to the number of credits played divided by 0.15. For example, 0.30 credits bet per spin = 0.30 / 0.15 = a bet multiplier of 2. All payout tables display the number of credits that are won for each combination for the current bet multiplier. All payout table win amounts in PlayCheck are displayed in coins. Winning combinations are highlighted on the reels. If you do not have a winning combination, the game is over and you may play again. Malfunction voids all pays and plays. Regular Symbols Matching symbols must be next to each other on a way. Payouts depend on your bet multiplier per spin. Wild Symbol This symbol is a wild symbol and substitutes for all paying symbols. This symbol does not substitute for scatter symbols. This symbol also creates its own combination. Scatter Symbol This symbol is a scatter symbol. This symbol is not available during the Banana Drop™ Bonus Spins. Falling Banana Feature The Falling Banana Feature can trigger randomly on any spin. During this feature, bananas fall onto 1 or more reels. Up to 3 bananas fall per reel, covering 1 symbol position each. Fallen bananas reveal feature prizes. Feature prizes can include credit wins or wild symbols. Credit wins are multiplied by the bet multiplier of the feature triggering game. The Falling Banana Feature completes when all feature prizes have been revealed. Credit wins are awarded immediately and symbol wins are awarded once the feature is complete. Feature wins are added to regular wins. Banana Drop™ Bonus Spins 3 or more scatters trigger the Banana Drop™ Bonus Spins. 7 bonus spins are awarded. Every bonus spin triggers the Falling Banana Feature. During the bonus, landing a full stack increases the bananas above up to 3 positions. Bananas remain on screen throughout the bonus spins. The bonus spins bet multiplier is determined by the bet multiplier of the bonustriggering spin. Winnings are automatically collected during the bonus spins. After the final bonus spin concludes the Banana Drop™ Bonus Spins are complete. The Banana Drop™ Bonus Spins cannot be retriggered. Bonus wins are added to regular wins. Paytable Achievements Feature This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. This feature tracks your win status by highlighting symbol combinations you have won. Achievements are highlighted on the payout table with a check mark. Symbol combinations must include at least one non-wild symbol to be logged as achievements. Bonus spin wins are not logged as achievements. Game Controls Item Description Bet Size box Displays your bet options. • Select (up arrow) or (down arrow) to select the total amount you want to bet. Balance box Displays your Casino balances. Win box Displays your most recent win. Spin button Starts the game. This can be triggered by the spacebar if it is available. Stop button Displays the results of your spin quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. This can be triggered by the spacebar if it is available. Menu button Displays the game settings and game paytable. SETTINGS Toggle sounds, left-hand console mode, and background motion (these options may not be available). PAYTABLE Displays the game payout tables. Scroll up and down to browse the payout tables. TUTORIAL Displays the game tutorial. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. RESPONSIBLE GAMING Displays Responsible Gaming. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. AutoPlay button Displays the AutoPlay options where you can select to spin a set number of times in succession without interacting with the game. Select AutoPlay and select the number of spins you want to play and the stop options. QuickSpin button QuickSpin increases the reel spin speed to display your results quicker. This does not influence the results of the spin. Turn QuickSpin on and off. X button Closes the game. This feature may not be available in the game you are playing. Each game has different options and AutoPlay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. Return to Player (RTP) Return to Player (RTP) is the theoretical statistical percentage of total money bet by players in a specific game, that is paid out as winnings over time. The RTP is fixed, and does not change. This game has an RTP of 96.70%. AutoPlay AutoPlay enables you to automatically play a set number of consecutive spins without interacting with the game. Each game has different options and AutoPlay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. The number of spins remaining in your AutoPlay session is displayed in the game. RTP is not affected. What do you want to do? Learn about Autoplay options Each game has different options and AutoPlay settings. Some of these may not be available in the game you are playing. AutoPlay Options SPINS Set the number of spins you want to play. WIN LIMIT Stop the session if the win exceeds or equals the amount selected. LOSS LIMIT Stop the session if your balance decreases by the amount selected or more. Start AutoPlay Select AutoPlay . Select your AutoPlay options. Select Start AutoPlay . Select the AutoPlay stop button to end AutoPlay. This does not affect the results of the spin. Bet Range Min Bet : €0.15 Max Bet : €75 Last modification date: 10/14/2020